George Soros has reportedly given £700,00 to launch new anti-Brexit campaign called “Best For Britain,” which was set up by banker-turned-activist Gina Miller calling for the UK to hold another vote on staying in the EU  
Only #TRAITORS and those who despise & hate their own Nation would want to stay with the #EU = ! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #AngelaMerkle #Italy #France #USA #UK #Brexit #Labour @UKLabour #Tory @theresa_may @PhilipHammondUK #Tories 
#GeorgeSoros faces new accusations of backing 2nd #Brexit referendum bid  
Dominate the snack table tackle with savory and delicious @RITZcrackers Salami & Ranch Hoagie Toppers #Nabisco 
That would be the discussion where you claimed the case for Brexit had been destroyed, couldn’t articulate the case for Brexit when asked, smeared a bunch of innocent people as fascists and then mined my blog for opposition research before lying about my political beliefs. @ucl 
Congratulations @JazeeraRaees @MohamedNasheed on winning the referendum of MDP Presidential Primary. 
UK fishing communities 'MUST reap benefits of leaving EU Fisheries Policy after Brexit'  
It's time for Remainers to stop worrying about being too sensitive. Brexit is crap. Always was, is, and will be. For almost all of us. #StopBrexit 
Untrue to say that France is blocking “#Brexit deal on security”. 1. Future relation is negociated by @EU_Commission, with full support of -all- EU27.2. France wanted the UK to opt-back-in the Prüm system in the past. Absurd to think we would like the UK out of it now. 
What the actual F? What next? Discussing North Korea disarmament with Kanye? Brexit with the Chuckle Brothers?  
Nice one @TiceRichard you’re learning  @Arron_banks @LeaveMnsLeave we should do this to all Tory’s who don’t support their manifesto pledge to leave the EU in accordance with the referendum and 17.4 million people @LeaveEUOfficial 
Labour's manifesto clearly stated they would leave the single market. Corbyn reiterated this over and over. Do these #FBPE people not realise that Brexit is not the ONLY thing people care about. Life was far from perfect for many in the EU, so they don't see it as their saviour  
#CarryOnBrussels my wish to leave the eu was formed many years ago when labour was still under blair-before cameron was in opersition, when referendum was just a wish- so don't tell me my vote was based on media propaganda in the run upto the brexit ref - that's just insulting 
BREXIT BORDER MADNESS: Rees-Mogg urges UK to follow Swiss model after Daily Express probe  
After some cider at a festival I did thisPut my right hand up "Stop"Then if people stopped left hand up #BrexitIt got a good response.If I were to develop this further I would say to ask people to high-five right for #StopBrexit or left for Brexit.Quick & easy way to connect pic.twitter.com/RJuMAueeYl 
Surely this has to be a parody or we have reached peak desperation point! Still no plan or agreement on what Brexit means but we should all shut up and hope for the best?Meanwhile Brexit elites will continue blaming Remainers, EU, anything to deflect attention!#BrexitLogic 
Very pleased w/ where AG Dave Eby landed on #ElectoralReform referendum. We recommended a 2-question ballot like this. Question #1 provides for a clear vote for or against change to PR; question #2 lets voters rank their choices for an alternative. Great!  
To those whose main worry about how bad life may be after Brexit and those whose main worry is how bad life may be under a Labour Govt. Please open your eyes NOW! This cruel, incompetent and corrupt Govt is taking the UK down the toilet. You and our media are allowing it.  
Everything you need to know about the utter clusterfuck that is Brexit... pic.twitter.com/8w9Ai3BdIw 
Canvassers for the head tax referendum are reportedly claiming employees will have to pay the tax, the tax is already in effect, and businesses have closed because of the tax. None of that is true. @stevenjhsieh reports 
If our government fails to implement this, it would suggest that protecting workers rights is not on their post Brexit agenda.  
Attorney General releases Electoral Reform Referendum Report and Recommendations. We're happy to see the 2-part question to make the decision easier for voters!  #bcpoli #PR4BC 
The perception seems to be that the Liberals promised PR. They didn't. Then the NDP got snookered by the Conservatives, agreeing to a referendum in exchange for Conservative support of PR. The Conservatives knew that their dark money efforts would kill PR. End of story. 
F. It continues to Three line whip its MPs and Peers to vote with the Tories. Yep - opposition to #Brexit is to vote with Tories - sure. 
Images have power, but so do you. Help us represent beauty as it really is — unretouched. Show your support. Share your  selfie. 
Our economy is suffering from the shadow of #brexit - its time for an #ExitFromBrexit 
Over 91,000 people helped shape recommendations for the referendum on how we vote. #bcpoli Learn more:  
Ibrahim Sumaidaei: The most failed Iraqi institution is the Presidency under President Masum. It was silent on the Kurdish referendum, despite it posing a threat to Iraq’s security and unity. Instead of protecting the constitution it protects the corrupt.  
Come on Clare, you're better than that. We are not trolls. We want to save our country from disaster.I was a Labour activist for 20 years, and would rejoin in an instant if they didn't have that one #Brexit fanatic forcing them to help May. 
Today's #OntarioVotes poll has the PCs winning a majority despite being 2% behind the NDP.In BC we just released the terms for our electoral reform referendum.This is why we need reform. So that dumb results like in Ontario don't happen here.#bcpoli 
things were better when i was a kid, back in the 90s for me, i mean. i wouldn't choose to go back there and rewind LGBT rights and all the social progress we've made since then and bring back open racism and homophobia (you know, like Brexit's doing). that's the difference.  
The Big Lie that swayed the Irish referendum  
It's worse than "affording recessions", many of them stand to gain £millions from a Brexit financial collapse, the likes of JRM and his disaster capital business interests  
BBC Brexit propaganda blamed on Imodium 
Catching up #carryonbrussels on 4+1. Secret meetings to try to overturn #Brexit. How I wish we had a leader with the balls to walk away - the EU will collapse before we leave at this rate 
Hypothetical future boyfriend: “Will you marry me?” Me: “What did you vote in the 2018 abortion referendum?” 
3/ @AndrewScheer has been accused of having ties with the #AltRight "Rebel Media" through his campaign manager Hamish Marhall. Scheer also regulary promotes the Canadian gun lobby and was an enthusiastic early supporter of #brexit. 
“The DUP want us all to be treated the same when it comes to Brexit but when it comes to issues like marriage equality, language rights, issues of women’s rights and abortion rights they continue with their blockage of rights” .@mfearonsf speaking on the #TopTable tonight 
EU industry lobby adds to pressure on Britain over Brexit talks  
Talking about democratic deficits, lets looks at UK. A Parliament that's under the control of the Executive, something called the Privy Council - that is secret council - an unelected House of Lords, a voting system that is archaic and which excludes millions from a referendum.  
I object to the phrase "if you don't like it here...". We voted Remain. We were happy the way things were. It's the Brexit beans who 'don't like it'. Perhaps they should be the ones leaving. 
One of the greatest triumphs of this "intellectual dark web" is the idea that disparaging women & cultural & racial minorities is somehow a celebration of freedom of expression, but criticising White conservatives who voted for Trump/Brexit is everything that's wrong in politics. 
Only after 5 paragraphs of blaming France does the Times mention that the UK's red lines are the problem here, AS THEY ARE IN EVERY SINGLE BREXIT SNARL-UP.  
The working class & the poorest, most vulnearble in society are not suffering because of Brexit or because of the EU.Austerity is intentional. @jeremycorbyn wants to end it.“These are the 184 Labour MPs who didn’t vote against the Tories' welfare bill” 
Because changing nothing can change everything. Look for our Beauty Mark on photos of models that have not been thinned, smoothed or digitally altered.    
Why did SNP MEPs vote in European Parliament, to keep Scotland in the Common Fisheries Policy after Brexit? 
It's almost 2 years since the Referendum and over 16 months since May promised certainty for business and the freest possible trade. Things have never been so uncertain. Her promises are like all the Brexit promises, empty and worthless.#StopBrexit 
Brexit: Time is running out, big business warns May  
Thursday’s Times: "Brexit deal on security is blocked by France" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews) 
Star of C4 Brussels fly on wall is @SebDance - ‘basically the government is in a hysterical frenzy on Brexit; they have totally lost the plot.’ An MEP who believes in Europe! Magnifique! And never reported by the BBC 
I voted Remain but I’m uncomfortable with some MEPs literally trying to undermine & overturn the Brexit result. #CarryOnBrussels 
Outrageous to see some British MEPs actively and brazenly undermining the UK negotiating position with their regular secret anti-Brexit meetings with European Parliament Brexit co-ordinator @guyverhofstadt exposed in @Channel4’s #CarryOnBrussels tonight 
Impressed watching UK’s sole Lib Dem MEP Catherine Bearder engaged with @guyverhofstadt on Brexit. I’d never heard of her until C4 ‘Carry on Brussels’ half an hour ago! The problem with relying on BBC for news about Europe 
Brexit is currently killing off the seasonal workers we need because of the falling pound and the anti-immigrant Tory Brexit rhetoric. It will finish it off entirely by ending freedom of movement. 
.@BBCNews doing a feature on why UK farmers are failing to recruit EU migrants to pick fruit... Somehow managed to do it whilst barely mentioning #BrexitEPIC WORK there from the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation.#BBCBias #BoycottBBC #StopBrexit@Farmers4EU 
Brexit, Trump, 5 Star: wrong answer say the elites. their refusal to accept democratic outcomes is becoming pathological. now prefer the imposition of an unelected technocrat stooge of the financial markets to a government representing working people.  
UKIP staffer uses a horrific terrorist incident as a reason to vote Brexit. Absolutely shocking and appalling thing to say #CarryOnBrussels 
Eh? Dan the EU referendum was about sovereignty, taking back control and making Britain stand on its own two feet. And yet the guy who chaired the campaign to leave actively doesn't want to live here. You don't think that's odd?  
'The EU has just passed a law that could end the problems with free movement which led to Brexit in the first place'  
Wow.... UKIP and Farage basically admitting on television they played a gullible public and laughing about it. Voted leave? You've been played... #Brexit #CarryOnBrussels 
Great to see Blaenau Gwent CLP vote for change in @uklabour policy and call for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. The more motions we pass, the greater the pressure for change we build. See our joint motion with @Remain_Labour here  
Italy has been governed incredibly badly for the last twenty years. Its economic woes are due to its own mismanagement not the EU nor the Euro. Britain has now joined Italy in both the bad government and poor economic performance league.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Vladimir Putin continues violating British sovereignty and attempting to overturn Brexit!!! Oh no, wait... It’s just good, ol' George Soros. Nothing to see here! Move along!   
So @Nigel_Farage finally speaks up on the #TommyRobinson issue. Thoughts? Mr Brexit has been conspicuously silent  
Some facts:• 99.999% of Muslims don’t want to kill you.• Experts know more than you (unless you too are an expert).• The law is the law. If you break the law, you deserve to be punished. • Brexit is, without doubt, idiotic. I’m done for the day. Sweet dreams. X 
We’re flooded with unaltered selfies  But we  WANT  MORE Love your look?  Reply with a selfie Support women?  Reply with a selfie Feeling ?  Reply with a selfie. Use  and look for yourself on our live Times Square billboard! 
The European project was supposed to be the means to an end: peace and prosperity in Europe. But for the eurocrats and other EU obsessives, the EU has become an end in itself.At the expense of the economy, freedom of speech, and even democracy. Time to call it off?#Brexit  
At long last progressive Tory MPs are organising against the bullying and blackmail of Rees Mogg et al. The fast-growing Tory Reform Group has signed up 14 new parliamentarians.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
How would you will vote tomorrow if there was another on #Eu membership ? Vote and retweet for a big sample #Brexit 
A bore but I think I have to write to Mr Duncan Smith asking him to withdraw remark that I should ‘live with’ Brexit or ‘live elsewhere.’ I doubt he’ll send people round to deport me, but what about the millions others who want to stay in Europe & aren’t lords/MPs? 
Brexit hits pensioners: Thousands of British expats may lose access to their pensions after Brexit. What a mess. #StopBrexit. 
Brexit voters wanted more sovereignty, a better NHS and to be better off. Having studied and work on EU law, I know that Brexit goes directly against all three of their wishes. It would be disgraceful of me to stay silent knowing that, with an attitude of "Let 'em choke on it". 
First Brexit, then Catalonia, and now Italy: Brussels' kamikaze tactics to keep the EU dream alive will end in tears #Brexit #Catalonia #Italy 
In discussions on Italy, Brexit, Trump there’s one issue that bothers me and stands out: Narrative wins against nuance. Almost every time. (Thread. In fact, I might have to do this for two days...) 
If Iain Duncan Smith had had his way there would be no Brexit. Everyone who didn’t like the EU would have left the country years ago. 
Across the country, #Labour members are calling for change in our #Brexit policy. Join them by tabling the @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU motion in your local CLP and let's stand together for a #PeoplesVote. Brexit is not inevitable.   
#Brexit is not about sovereignty – it’s about restoring the English Class System to its previous 'Glory' #BREAKING #MoggDoggMoron 
The #Conservatives lead by Theresa May are ineffective and have no intention of honouring the #Brexit we voted for.Britain is crying out for a Eurosceptic, patriotic leadership!...  
Like it or not, 2018 is largely a referendum on a reckless and lawless administration. 
I'm very pleased with where AG Dave Eby has landed with the #ElectoralReform referendum. We recommended a 2-question ballot like this. First question provides for a clear vote for or against change to PR; second question lets voters rank their choices for an alternative. Great!  
The worst UK Government, of all time. They've tripled the debt, inspite of austerity. We have wages & pensions frozen. Benfits cut for the people who need it. A f#cked up NHS. We have brexit to come. Yet Labour are still lagging behind them. #indyref2 
The UK is by any reasonable measure an exceptionally wealthy, successful and open country. This endless moaning - this endless, perverse desire to repaint us as some kind of anachronistic dystopia - is why Remain lost the referendum and why hardline Remainers can't gain traction.  
#FreeTommy and the  people from a Corrupt Judicial System, a Fascist Government and a Rotten to the Core Police Force.#Brexit was a vote against them too.If the corrupt ones want to repeat it, next time the Remain Vote will be all but Wiped Out. 
Mrs May, the shrivelled worm Soros is throwing money into this country so as to be able to challenge, overturn or cause there to be another referendum. Why not confiscate this money which Soros is using to cause trouble and put it to good use. It would help with your popularity. 
This is significantly better than almost every piece (on either side) on Brexit and left economic strategy.  
Lord Lawson, Chair of Vote Leave and French resident applies for carte de séjour to guarantee his  right to live in his French Manoir post Brexit. He loves Britain so much he wants to live in the EU.  
The worst government in history. And still @jeremycorbyn can’t make any headway.How about employing a planner to look into what Labour voters and potential Labour voters want?And then changing your diabolical Brexit stance to represent your voters?Just a thought.  
525,000 people have now signed the Tommy Robinson petition.   Contrast that to the 38,000 votes @theresa_may managed at the last GE... and she lied promising Brexit to get that many. Right now she couldn’t fill the House of Commons with loyal supporters.  
Anti-immigration policies are pure products of ignorance and hypocrisy... #Brexit #stopbrexit2018 #FBPE #immigration 
This from the person who wants Brexit to be a disaster to prove a point  
.@CardinalNichols' pastoral response to the abortion referendum in Ireland.  
Guy on left, accused of interfering in every election in the west. Investigations cost £mills and no proof, ppl still going nuts.Guy on right openly admits to funding campaign to reverse Brexit. S-I-L-E-N-C-E. .......WTF!  
Just bumped into a US company founder at an event. Company has raised over $90m and just launched their European office. They wanted to do it in London but they decided they had to choose Amsterdam because of the uncertainty caused by Brexit. (#TechForUK Join @TechForUK) 
Voters getting more pessimistic about Brexit impact on economy and UK generally, poll suggests - Politics live  
New series of coins to commemorate Brexit backed by the Treasury  
Rightly or wrongly, Northern Ireland is not part of the Republic of Ireland. They are separate entities. There is therefore no logical reason why the referendum outcome in the Republic (an independent country) should be applied in the North (part of another independent country). 
The current hot favourite seems to be, “we’ll be able to make our own laws”. To be honest, in light of the recent performance of our parliament, I’m not even sure this entirely bullshit claim has any valid use as an argument *for* Brexit anyway. 
We used to face each other at the Despatch Box, & now I’m pleased to say that @HarrietHarman joins me for the latest episode of my podcast. Lots to discuss: Brexit, Corbyn, equality, tribalism, Leveson... & why she’s happy to be known as an angry person..  
£40bn already lost to the British economy, £15bn already lost in tax revenues, just to further his career & he doesn't even believe in Brexit.   
Yet again, @UKLabour's 6 tests are proven to be impassable - yet @JeremyCorbyn has STILL to announce the Party's opposition to Brexit, and will still probably try & force his MPs to abstain in the upcoming pro-EU votes. I'm sick of Labour lies & hypocrisy. We have to #StopBrexit! 
#iainduncansmith's advice to anyone who opposes #Brexit - 'Either live with it or find somewhere else to live' NO!You s*d off instead. I'll not be pushed around in my own country by a failed #Tory PM-wannabee who's only where he is 'cos he married money & lied on his CV.#FBPE 
The EU "needs our money, especially between March 2019 and December 2020, and we would like a trade deal. These two are umbilically linked and no one in their right mind would want to pay £39billion for nothing."- Jacob Rees-MoggDoes the EU know what 'mutual' means?#Brexit  
Friend heard Farage say this morning:“After Brexit whether for good or ill, we will be self-governing. That’s the point. I never said it would be a beneficial thing to leave and everyone would be better off, just that we would be self-governing." So now you know. 
Fake News: Media Try to Reframe Italy Political Crisis as ‘Referendum on the Euro’   
We will need a credible opposition to Soros’s coming campaign for a second referendum to reverse Brexit. The main parties will not provide it. So please sign up for my Clean Brexit Movement () to help save this country. 
Nicola Sturgeon felt the need today to do a seven tweet rant about the growth commission report. Interesting that in promoting the case for growth in the Scottish economy she mentioned Westminster 4 times, Brexit UK once and the UK once. 
We have had Farage with his German passport and now this cretin is attempting to get residency in France.Being one of the main instigators of Brexit he has inflicted misery on many French here. He is undeserving! Please @EmmanuelMacron tell him: Non! 
Iain Duncan Smith says we should live with Brexit or live elsewhere. In other words: 'Put up & shut up or get lost.' He wants to silence us. But we will make so much damn noise. Every single day. For years. Decades. Generations. For as long as it takes. 
Iain Duncan Smith on #Brexit: “Either live with it or find somewhere else to live.”No, Iain - this is our country & we're not going to let you turn it into a third-rate tax haven run in the interests of you & your far-right billionaire mates.#PeoplesVote 
."Gardaí stationed near the Border are seeking the return of machine guns to individual stations ahead of a possible hard Brexit." . 
Something weird is happening. Brexit is no longer at the top of the news agenda every single day. Indeed, a deep silence has descended over the whole subject. Is this a sign of an impending U turn as it dawns on everyone with half a brain that it's an unmitigated disaster? 
'The EU has just passed a law that could end the problems with free movement which led to #Brexit in the first place' explains my colleague @Jude_KD :  
You know things are bad when the Brexit defence is at least it's not the plague.  
Financial Times & Bank of England agree. Hard Brexit is best for the City.  
Labour MP: Opposing Brexit in Wales will be super popularReality: Wales voted Leave#labour #LabourFail #Wales #Brexit  
Fascinating how the Brextremists having won a Brexit which will damage OUR economy now want Italy to damage the whole of Europe as a way of feeling a bit better about Brexit. What a weird little place we are becoming 
Any shred of credibility the @theSNP thought they had on the issue of fishing, post Brexit, has been lost.  They’d rather be seen to be putting the boot into the Tories than voting to protect Scotland’s fishermen.  If you don’t believe, ask the fishermen what they think.  
#Brexit may at last force many people to recognise the hugely beneficial impact the #EU has had in their lives and understand how a right wing cabal has manipulated this country to hide their own utter failure.. here is a random photo of Bordeaux wine that I've been drinking. 
Once again, Remain campaigners openly admit the purpose of the Lords' "meaningful vote" amendment is to create a legal mechanism to block Brexit altogether. MPs who claim to support the referendum result cannot in good conscience support the amendment  
Feminism=women's equal right to choice and opportunity. For too long women's reproductive rights have been traded as part of peace deals in N.I. Women's rights are human rights. As signatory to CEDAW, the UK govt must ensure these human rights are protected. No referendum needed.  
Anyone else noticed that @theresa_may seems to have gone into hiding? She knows that she can't be seen talking about Brexit, as she originally told us we were leaving the Customs Union, but now treacherously she's trying to keep us tied to the EU. That's why she's gone missing. 
It was tough but it was wonderful because so many of the working class had experienced Europe because of the war and understood, it was better for Britain to be part of the continent than an island onto herself. #Brexit  
Our Channel ports are going to freeze solid. The Tories have already drawn up plans to turn the M20 into a lorry parking lot during the strikes and delays that will ensue after Brexit. Nobody voted to see our ports grind to a halt! #ChannelinChaos #ExitfromBrexit 
The modus operandi of the Remainers is to drag out Brexit so that people get sick to death of the continual wrangling get thoroughly fed up and decide to give up Brexit. Brexiteers must be aware of that and never give up. 
The mask slips. @theSNP say one thing to Scottish fisherman when in Scotland and then happily vote to betray them when abroad. Only @ScotTories have been consistent in backing our fisherman over the Common Fisheries Policy #Brexit  
The non-legislative resolution was adopted by 590 votes to 52 with 41 abstentions. Don't try to find excuses for a bad Brexit, you told folk to vote leave. 
It’s the new year and yes ONCE AGAIN I am determined to eat better, who is with me on this one? Let’s start with an easy pressure cooker chicken recipe shall we, buttery taste and lower in calories using @ICBInotbutter instead of butter. #SpreadNoDrama #ad  
#bcpoli 2009 referendum on PR included maps, showing public what would happen to their riding if they voted for STV. This time, no maps. Not enough time on NDP-imposed timeline. But folks free to draw their own maps. 
Right #Brexiteers, farmers are finding it impossible to recruit EU workers to pick the bumper strawberry harvest. #Brexit has scared them away.YOU need to get off your bums and get out in the fields.It's only fair, isn't it?You broke it, you pick it.#stopbrexit #WATON #Leavers 
When you defend #Brexit by comparing it to the death of millions of people...   
We are extremely grateful to @DCLAReadingRoom for archiving these messages at Savita's mural, and to @NLIreland for preserving the online content of the referendum (including our website!) in their Web Archive  
"Even if the City of London loses some business overseas, the gains for financial stability and regulatory independence are likely to weigh more heavily" - @FinancialTimes View on why the @bankofengland is right about Brexit  
Updated Brexit expectations:It will be all sunlit uplandsIt would be good but they’re doing it wrongRemoaners are ruining BrexitIt won’t be a Mad Max wasteland Ok it will be but maybe in 50 years it’ll be okThousands of people probably won’t die 
Dear #IainDuncanSmith We will not live with your #brexit. We will not find somewhere else to live (this may prove tricky since you are intent on removing our freedom of movement. We will fight to save our country from the insanity you & your ilk seek to impose on us. #StopBrexit 
It's entirely possible (and even likely if turnout is low) that less than 10% of the voting population could choose new model of electing governments, under this referendum model.  #bcpoli 
Soros-Backed Group Launches Campaign to Stop ‘Harmful’ Brexit with Second Referendum  
We’re thrilled to hear that the European Union is proposing a ban on single-use plastics. We hope that the UK will follow suit and adopt similar measures post-Brexit. 
Excellent meeting with Opposition spokespeople on Health this evening and also a good meeting with the Attorney General. We owe it to the Irish people to work together to enact referendum decision. Very grateful for the constructive meeting as we plan next steps. 
Stanley Johnson says the Brexit referendum should be held again if there is evidence there was Russian interference in the vote  
Come march with us on June 23 for a #PeoplesVote Time to put the decision to the British people: govt deal for Brexit or building on our current terms? @BestForBritain 
@BarristerSecret I posted your blog on a far right brexit supporting page (for balance) - below are some of the comments I received. Just wow.  
“After Trump and Brexit we were all disillusioned with politics, and I think today has shown us and hopefully the world that people’s voices count, and we can make change.”  #RepealedThe8th 
The Scottish Fishermen's Federation right to seek answers as to why SNP, Labour and Lib Dem MEPs voted today to keep the UK in the CFP after Brexit. Complete betrayal of Scotland's fishermen.  
This morning Ian Duncan Smith told Remainers to "either live with (Brexit) or find somewhere else to live" thus proving what I've always thought about IDS - namely that he's a fucking twat. 
Sinking ships and deserting rats spring to mind as leading member of the pro- #Brexit elite Lord Lawson applies for residency in France!The UK can however be brought back to an even keel with a #PeoplesVote leading to an #ExitfromBrexit 
May made a disastrous error by making the Brexit negotiations the centrepiece of her political programme instead of focusing on the opportunities afterwards, says @andrew_lilico 
BREAKING NEWS: B.C. to choose between four systems for electoral reform referendum | #bcpoli via @j_mcelroy 
SNP MEPs vote in @Europarl_EN today to keep us in Common Fisheries Policy post-Brexit. An astonishing betrayal of our fishing communities. 
Polish shift rightSwiss shift rightBrits shift rightBrexit(Trump)Austria nearly shifts rightMACRON!!!!!!Italy reject Renzi refMerkel weakened/AfD risesAustria really shifts rightCzech go populistCataloniaEU quotas failPutin winsOrban winsItaly crisis#perspective 
Fishermen across the North East were stabbed in the front today by SNP MEPs voting in favour of keeping the UK in the Common Fisheries Policy after #Brexit. The SNP would sell our fishermen out to Brussels. Only @Conservatives will ensure we’re an independent coastal state  
Have you had a vote for #Brexit in the last 2 years that you feel was not your fault. Were you misled by Johnson & Farage etc. who made promises that dont match up to reality? Well you could be entitled to compensation by a #peoplesvote , contact @remainernow to help claim 
Demanding that women in Northern Ireland have control over their own bodies is not “opportunistic” or “game playing”. It is a question of human rights, and therefore not a devolved issue nor one that requires a referendum...  
British voters are feeling more negative than ever about Brexit. Feel the same? Join us at  and help us fight for a better future insteadPlease RT 
Millions of parcels come into the UK every day from the EU and most are dispatched straight away. Non-EU packages face delays and high handling fees. Welcome to Britain’s VAT border and the silent Brexit problem  
John Redwood: #Brexit can give us a stronger economyStopping all EU payments gives us a £12bn bonanza each year!We need to tell #EU no more money after March 2019 on kind of deal they are currently proposing.It's the only chance of getting a good deal. 
Prior to the EU referendum, @hmtreasury warned that we would face an unprecedented recession if we voted for #Brexit. Now, Graham Gudgin and I argue, HMRC has overstated the cost of being outside the customs union by £18bn. Our analysis for @reactionlife. 
This from Ian Duncan Smith is deeply sinister, & absolutely anti-democratic. Perhaps the most fundamental of democratic rights is the right to oppose any government, regardless of how that policy was arrived at.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
I think #GeorgeSoros is confusing what's best for Britain with what's best for him. The Brits have already chosen their menu: a full English & a viagra #Brexit. Don't like it, you know where the door is.  
I've never bought this idea that Brexit voters and Trump voters are 'the same'. They were distinctly different events. But I am very confident that neither group was swayed by Russian bots to vote the way they did. 
It is now *two years* since the UK voted to leave the European Union. Britain does not need another referendum. It needs a government that can actually agree a position on Brexit and negotiate a good departure deal with the EU.  
If #Brexit is negated there will be a collapse of faith in democracy and probable civil unrest beyond anyone’s experience. The EU is the enemy of democracy. Its contempt for voters will prove its epitaph.  
When I worked in @Europarl_EN, we often said the SNP said one thing in Buchan and another in Brussels. Today, SNP MEPs, along with Labour and Lib Dems voted in favour of keeping the UK in the CFP post Brexit. Seems we were right... 
Boris Johnson's father has called for the Brexit referendum to be 're-run' over Russian meddling  
Brexit only happened because it took really strong hay fever medicine 
The majority - from all parties - gave Theresa May their vote at the GE because she promised to give us Brexit...which we had already overwhelmingly voted for.  WE know what Brexit means...if she doesn't she should resign Now - NO back door deals!  They are betrayals.  
I'm at @Europarl_EN Parliament in Brussels, spreading the message to other countries' MEPs (via assistants) that if we stop Brexit, it won't be like before. People will have realised the EU's importance and VOTE for decent constructive MEPs that other countries can work with. 
“How a van driver explained the impact of Brexit to Jacob Rees-Mogg.The courier boss who challenged Jacob Rees-Mogg on Brexit explains why we need to stay in the customs union and the single market”: 
Brexit will increase poverty...  Stop this distraction nonsense.  Come back when you've decided to oppose it. 
'Brexit: British voters took benefits of EU citizenship for granted, Luxembourg prime minister says'He's absolutely right. We currently have the right to work, live and retire in 27 other countries, and we're throwing it all away for a unicorn delusion.  
Nigel Farage - "George Soros suggested that the UK have ‘not yet conclusively decided whether it wanted to leave the EU.’"Really, Mr Soros? So what was June 23, 2016 all about?" #Brexit  
“Brexit: UK may get poorer access than Israel to EU science scheme”Well, we did warn of this & explain continuously during the referendum debate. [Thread] 
Everybody is discussing #TommyRobinson & the rise of the #FarRightIt's over 70 years since the end of WWII, & most people believe the #holocaust could never happen again. I'm not so sure.Here's an account of a conversation that took place in Germany.#Brexit#Trump#Windrush 
The SNP have shown their true colours by voting today in the European Parliament for keeping the UK in the CFP. Staggering that any Scottish MEP would vote to hold the UK fishing industry hostage as part of the Brexit negotiations 
This goes back to October 16, Alex Salmond explains Nicola Sturgeon Brexit position perfectly.  
The Conservatives for Britain (CfB)/ Vote Leave Co-Chairmen team reunion at Number 10 recently! Great to be working with @SteveBakerHW to deliver Brexit!  
Tory MPs are pushing the Treasury to support a new series of coins to commemorate Brexit. With that in mind for this week's podcast we want to know what the Brexit coins should feature on it?  
So, Ruth Davidson is against the PM & her immigration, economic, political & Brexit policies. Number of times her self proclaimed “Davidson’s Scottish Tory MPs” have voted against these policies: 0. No credibility whilst her team do nothing to change PMs direction, esp on Brexit. 
What a hypocrite. Applies for French Residency, taking his millions with him, whilst at the same time denying the young and retired a chance to live in the EU! Shameful man should have kept his nose out of Brexit!!! 
DAMNING .. And still the Govt insists on taking us over the cliff. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
IT'S B.C. ELECTORAL REFORM REFERENDUM DETAILS DAY!(hold your applause)I'll be going into a lockup with officials at 8:30, and the government will make the announcement at 9:15. A backgrounder, here:  
‘People had their say!’ Nick Ferrari ATTACKS Lord Adonis over second Brexit vote demand  
Moderate and measured response to the referendum result from the Catholic Herald!  
Boris Johnson's dad wants Brexit re-run over 'obvious' Russia meddling  
My favourite "sunlit uplands" take is back!"We survived the Black Death so we can survive Brexit"  
Dear Iain Duncan Smith, you realise that thanks to Brexit and the end of free movement, it will be much harder for British people who don't like Brexit to find somewhere else to live, right?  
RETWEET if you think that #brexit will be stopped and Iain Duncan Smith will then have to live with it or find somewhere else!!#stopbrexit #fbpe #waton #exitfrombrexit #PeoplesVote 
Every time @LiamFox pops up with one of his videos, from the countries he's pointlessly visiting using taxpayers' money, he explains how we're doing great trade with these nations..... while we're a member of the EU. He's just proving why Brexit makes no sense.  
So #Brexit will rob ordinary people of their Freedom of Movement but will barely affect the rich. Is the restoration of privilege to the rich what you want @jeremycorbyn!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
MUST-READ, Ciaran Donovan, who challenged Jacob Rees Mogg on the @mrjamesob show yesterday, explains the impact on Brexit on small businesses like his.Please RT 
The UK’s GDP growth was the best in the G7 at the time of the Brexit Referendum. We’re now bottom of the G20.Can someone please tell me how Brexit will help?@PeoplesVote 
Time for politicians to pay attention to public opinion on immigration and Brexit, says @jameskirkup  
Unsurprising. The British people are turning their noses up from the Tories' botched Brexit. If you believe the people deserve the final say on the Brexit deal, add your name today:  
Leading supporter of the #PeoplesVote campaign, @SDoughtyMP, comments on the latest Guardian/ICM polling data showing the public are becoming increasingly pessimistic about the economic consequences of Brexit.  
HMRC's customs bill for Brexit has been overstated by as much as £18bn, find Dr Graham Gudgin and @John_Mills_JML 
we've got a pm who has made no comment not even via a lackey re the demonstration against Tommys unfair sentence and the demand for free speech. We're all getting pissed off about brexit so there will be another one and she'll ignore that. Step down we didn't elect you May 
'The EU has just passed a law that could end the problems with free movement which led to Brexit in the first place'  
Hey brexit lovers this is the real face of the vote leave bunch. They are really called’the I am alright Jack’ and sod the UK and it’s people bunch,  because they already have their lives in EU sorted before brexit.  Bloody cheek.  
Opposition MEPs have betrayed fishermen today by backing an attempt to keep the UK in the Common Fisheries Policy after Brexit. "If it became policy it would cost jobs amongst our fishermen and in our coastal communities," warns @NosheenaMobarik.  pic.twitter.com/VaQg4Lcvfj 
So, to summarise, the people who don't want Brexit are:Labour party membersLabour party votersLabour constituencies that voted Leave or RemainPeople who do want Brexit are:Jeremy Corbyn  
4m phone calls to HMRC being ignored or not answered yet the director can find time to write a spurious paper about the costs of post Brexit border controls 
foreign billionaire George Soros to launch his anti Brexit second referendum campaign. As he doesn't have a vote in Britiain what's it got to do with him 
Future of EUThere are major structural flaws in #EU & #euro But #Brexit and possible #Italexit can cause severe #unemployment #depression #addiction #debt #problems among #youth #genY #genZNext decade $SPY $QQQ #FTSE #DAX #CAC #MIB returns will be mimimal by #DorothyLange 
Because of #Brexit, French companies registered 48% fewer businesses in the UK in 2016-17 than 2015-16, Belgium registered 38% fewer, and the Netherlands registered 52% fewer. Brexit is already damaging our economy enormously! It’s time to let the people have a say #VoteonTheDeal 
The Brexit Beverages Company’s premium export lager boasts the finest of Great British ingredients – yeast from Switzerland and Styrian Golding hops from Austria and Slovenia  
This is false. As everyone knows who's seen the court, on TV, in real life, read its judgments... But then, that's brexit, isn't it? You can write and speak utter and complete garbage that "feels" right but is true nowhere except inside of your own brexity head.  
we flew to california on @AerLingus, it was an 11-hr flight. between the abortion referendum and watching “sing street” & “brooklyn” back-to-back on the plane, i’m ready to either move to dublin or start a punk-rock feminist irish boarding house in new york city. not sure which. 
When Ciaran the Van Driver (who schooled Mogg!) takes goods into Norway, he requires a carnet - a passport for goods! Sometimes they cost £750! I agree with Ciaran - who knew that before the referendum? @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Calling a second vote undemocratic is manifestly not true. If we vote to Leave then the people will still get what they voted for in 2016, if they vote to Remain then people have changed their minds and Brexit is no longer the will of the people is it? Win win for democracy. 
.@MaajidNawaz left stunned when this Brexiteer says any post-Brexit border would be the fault of Ireland “and if Sinn Fein decides they want to play silly buggers, then we’ll go after them”  
The EU has trampled on every inconvenient vote from Ireland to Denmark to France. Its lavishly-funded Remainer stooges aim to do the same with Brexit:  
UKIP MEP Batten refers to me in a Telegraph interview as a ‘quisling’ - that term was coined for somebody who collaborated with the Nazis! Shows you how vulgar this Brexit debate has gotten #CarryOnBrussels  
If #repealedthe8th brings about the collapse of the DUP/Tory coalition,& therefore another British GE & with that the possibility of ANOTHER #brexit referendum, there is a strong likelihood that I may die of glee/exhaustion in the next few months.  
My favourite person in the Brexit debate at the moment - Ciaran the van driver - writes for the Mirror: 
Having attempted to link your speaking to him with his release, now let us know how Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe (the one you helped incarcerate in Iran) is getting on, when you are going to be held to account for your Brexit lies, and how your campaign for Trump's Nobel is going ? 
The EU needs our cash - if Theresa May is strong, we will get a good Brexit deal, says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
.@OFOCBrexit needs your help. Help us take back control of our futures, and save Britain from a terrible Brexit deal. 
‘The NHS is planning “in the dark” for Brexit because the government continues to refuse to publish its own contingency plans for when the UK leaves the EU, Sarah Wollaston, chair of the House of Commons Health Select Committee, has said.’ 
And they accuse economists of being too pessimistic about Brexit!  
This tweet by @CharlesTannock deserves all the publicity it can get. What these Tory Brexiters are aiming for would wreak massive economic devastation and would almost certainly lead to an eruption of warfare and civil violence.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Worried about foreign workers from the EU coming to your area and taking jobs on reduced wages? Well, I've some good news for you.Because yesterday the EU passed a law making the practice illegal. So that's one more thing that we don't need Brexit for. 
My full letter in the Evening Standard calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.  
This week's cover: Ireland has fallen – Jon Anderson on a devastating referendum result  
British people are now more negative about Brexit than ever before  via @BIUK_PoliticsWe've known for some time that Brexit was going badly. It seems that the public are waking up to that truth too. 
This Government’s shambolic negotiations over a #Brexit deal are further proof that we need a #peoplesvote on the final deal. Britain needs to be a science leader, instead we’re being left behind: 
proving once again how #Brexit will affect everybody in the UK badly here is @donnyc1975 explaining how badly his small van business will be hit  and calling for a #PeoplesVote at the end of the process @peoplesvote_uk 
Sorry Brexiteers, but I've ruled the referendum result inadmissible. It broke the rules. Aside from the glaring omission below, and the numerous contraventions of electoral rules on funding etc, it also broke Democracy Rule 1: the electorate has to make an *informed* decision.  
Dear @UKLabour get your bloody act together. Can't sell tickets to a festival celebrating @jeremycorbyn? That's because you're facilitating a #Tory #Brexit  
If this man is involved you would be wise to vote leave. If not you have sold you soul to the Devil. The only thing that matters to him is himself....and money. #BREXIT George Soros delves back into British politics by backing 2nd Brexit referendum bid  
Radio caller hit out at billionaire financier George Soros’ calls for a second Brexit referendum – warning there are “traitors” within the UK attempting to thwart the Brexit vote  
Of course Remain *won*  the referendum by a substantial majority. Democracy *demands* that the bare result be corrected to take account of excluded expats in the EU27 and EU27 nationals in the UK, the vast majority of both of which wanted to vote Remain but weren't allowed to. 
If you meanIncrease child povertyIncrease homelessnessIncrease need for foodbanksBalls up BrexitReduce local council budgetsPrivatising the NHSVictimise disabled peopleGetting in bed with terroists in the name of powerThen yes she is successful 
It took the Swiss 200 treaties and about 16 years and they had to join Schengen to get to this stage...Brexit is March 2019...  
The government promised us a referendumWe were warned the result of the referendum would be bindingWe were told if we voted leave, the following day the process would startSince that time we have seen the piss taken out of democracy in a way you would not believe. Leave Now ! 
Brexit: UK may get poorer access than Israel to EU science scheme  
Summary:1. New polling analysis reveals that Our Second Referendum would swing to Remain.2. These findings are doubtless as reliable as the polling analysis in 2016 which showed that Remain would comfortably win the referendum.3. Talk about a good omen!4. That's all, folks!  
Theresa May is currently meeting with a European Roundtable of Industrialists in Downing Street - but what will Brexit mean for smaller businesses with lesser access? Here's what the Yorkshire Post reported earlier this year: 
Jeremy Corbyn has just scored a coup over Brexit secretary David Davis. One of his Brexit officials, Mike Hatchett, has left the Brexit office to work for Labour. And Whitehall is reportedly very unhappy about the move.  
Brexit is a costly waste of time and money. Each household is now £900 poorer because of Brexit.The public now say Brexit was wrong and want to #Remain in the EU, polls show. MPs need to #StopBrexit. 
New ICM poll has Tories +3 on Labour (Con 43% Lab 40%) but don't worry about that look at this. Although 45% think Brexit will be bad for GB economy only 1 in 3 think it will negatively impact them personally. This is really important for Remain / soft Brexiters to grasp.  
The EU is in an existential crisis. During #Soros' speech, entitled “How to Save Europe”said that he personally regarded the European Union as the embodiment of the idea of the Open Society” and that the crisis-hit #EU needs to “reinvent itself. #Brexit 
Voters getting more pessimistic about Brexit impact on economy and UK generally, poll suggests - Politics live  
And here are the figures showing how views on impact of Brexit on life in UK generally have shifted  
Voters have become significantly more negative about impact of Brexit on British economy and on life in Britain generally over last 15 months, Guardian/ICM poll suggests -  
Just when you thought things couldn’t get worse for the Brexit secretary, Jeremy Corbyn scores a massive coupBy @emilyapple 
Brexit in one sentence:‘Politicians have no idea of the difficulties this is going to cause’But constituents in a representative democracy require them to ‘have an idea’. How can they act in the national interest if they are this clueless?  
Rules for third country participation in the new #Erasmus 2021-27 scheme published by @EU_Commission today. (HINT: UK after #Brexit?) Although we knew UK & EU both keen on this sort of co-operation.    
For clarity people are absolutely entitled to their opinion on Brexit and to support it. They are not entitled to pretend it is consequence free to the rest of us. 
George Soros made approx. £1 bn attempting to destabilise Sterling. Now it seems he is using part of that cash bonanza to bankroll attempts to destabilise the Brexit vote & keep the UK in the EU, taking orders from & subsidising Brussels to the tune of £10.5 billion pa & rising! 
#Brexit Billionaire George Soros starting a campaign for a 2 Brexit Referendum. He has donated to Best for Britain to overturn Referendum. Stop using your money trying to stop Brexit you idiot. We voted we’re leaving  OK. No one gives a monkey’s what you got to say.  
The UK is now at the bottom of the league table thanks to #Brexit - this is not good enough and why so many people are calling for a #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk at the end of the process 
Stanley Johnson: Brexit vote should be redone if there was Russian interference  
Once again the FBPE movement show they're Tory colluders who would rather target JC than a Tory PM driving us towards a Hard Brexit.  
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg  also is invested in Yandex and another sanctioned corrupt Russian business, Lukoil. More reasons why he will personally benefit from the hardest Brexit and why he needs to maintain the lie that Brexit is for ‘the people’ when it is actually to make him richer. 
Salvini in 2016 on the euro: ‘you don’t need a referendum. If we go to government we’ll leave, quickly’  
Ian Duncan Smith on brexit: 'Either live with it or find somewhere else to live'.I'd *love* to see how long it took IDS's personal world to crash without remainers in the UK. I'd guess under 2 hours. 
A pity Hilary isn't the leader of the opposition. He would be able to attract the whole of the centre ground. #PeoplesVote to end this #Brexit fiasco!  
Fishermen Say They Were Misled About Brexit Vote  
This .  If being an EU citizen is so awful then why are so many Brits (both in the U.K. and EU 27) desperately trying to get nationality of an EU 27 country in order to keep being one? #Brexit #citizensrights @BritishInEurope 
"There is a growing demand for the public to have the final say on the Brexit deal. I would encourage as many of you as possible to join us", says @vincecable as he announces his support for the March for a #PeoplesVoteJune 23, Central London. RSVP here:  
Another referendum on Britain’s membership of the EU? It’s a question of when, not if We want a #PeoplesVote & we want it before we leave, not after we've left! 
Even British manufacturers are now telling the Government that their "technology-based plan" for border checks are "naive" and "a waste of money". #Brexit 
There's growing demand for the people to have a final say on the Brexit deal, says @vincecable .Join him and thousands others on June 23rd to demand a #PeoplesVote on the government's Brexit deal:  
UK citz in EU questions that keep them awake at night, thanks to #Brexit1 Will they still be able live there without a minimum income?2 Will kids still get a free education?3 Will they still be able to use health services?4 Will UK qualifications still be recognised? 
If you happen to be in Berlin tomorrow evening (Thursday) I'll be speaking on Brexit and the Crisis of Belonging at Palais Kulturbrauerei . Free and open to all. 
Fuckwit whose Brexit plan basically hinges on preventing Brits from living in the EU tells Remainers to go and live in the EU if they can't support Brexitpic.twitter.com/kEFn0WozDe 
The latest OECD 2018 forecasts make for grim reading for the UK economy. This is exactly why so many are calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.Please RT:  
European Commission proposes new €373 billion budget to “match ambitions with resources” after Brexit, which basically means increased taxes across the board  
The latest OECD forecasts have Britain BOTTOM of the pile for growth in 2018 against major EU economies. Even before we have left the EU, the threat of Brexit has damaged our economy.Please RT:  
Fascinating to hear Leavers already talking about Brexit the way a socialist might talk about communism - it was great in theory but, alas, it was implemented by imperfect actors in an imperfect world. 
Christian Adams on ill-thought out Brexit routes - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The shocking fact that most votes don't matter is something politicians take for granted. During the EU referendum's count Ian Duncan Smith casually let this one slip...  
Just because George Soros helped Nazis to collect Jewish property, does not mean that he can turn the U.K. into a totalitarian, fascist regime.What part of “We had a vote. A choice was made by the people. They chose Brexit.” does he not understand?  
Bully boy tactics to generate fear of deselection & undermine Parly democracy. MPs only allowed to reply to constituents & “round robin” emails achieve little except (I hope) to strengthen the resolve of colleagues to put prosperity & peace first #countrybeforeparty #Brexit  
17.4 million Britons voted Brexit in the EU Referendum but I am sure for most if not all of them, Brexit powerfully encapsulated their desire for their nation to be freed from the shackles of political ‘correctness’ apart from the domination by the EU.  
"The EU needs our cash — if Theresa May is strong, we will get a good Brexit deal" by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg at @TheSun. Quite a long article but plain English, well explained. 
Right-wing press headlines are not about facts, they are about creating fear, hatred and paranoia that will stop people listening to facts & reasons and will make them automatically distrust Remainers. They are headlines that destroy democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
"The EU provides added value to European citizens, in countless instances improving their daily lives. However, one of the greatest challenges the union faces today is the fact that these advantages [...] are simply taken for granted."#Brexit #FBPE 
If Corbyn thinks abstaining on Brexit related votes in parliament is a cunning plan to cling on to both Leave and Remain voters, he is so wrong. He will be punished at the next GE if he maintains his current ludicrous position. @jeremycorbyn, why not support a #PeoplesVote ? 
Carl from Ipswich: Everyone knew what they voted for, 100%... we should walk away without a deal@MaajidNawaz: What does a no deal Brexit mean for the Irish border?Carl: I don't know. I just voted to leave.That's Brexit.@lbc #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
Britain's tax burden has already climbed near its highest level in four decades: how exactly would clobbering folk with higher taxes ensure post-Brexit Britain is attractive to vital business and investment?  
Fake News: Media Reframes Italy Political Crisis as ‘Referendum on Euro’  
North West voters will be looking for someone to blame @EstherMcVey1 when Brexit makes them poorer, closes their shops, destroys their communities. Brexit will wreak havoc on the region. Time to stand up for your constituents, not against them 
From my brilliant colleague: @HelenMountfield: The government’s Brexit stance is riddled with legal confusion  via @prospect_uk 
Wow. Metrolpolitan commentator on #SkyNews says that young graduates who were drawn to Corbyn will now switch to Davidson! That’ll be for the tax cuts for the old & rich, highest uni fees, 2 child cap, rape clause, austerity, Brexit and endemic bigotry within her Scottish Tories 
Brexit voters took EU citizenship for granted, Luxembourg prime minister says  
Let's get this some coverage, lovely followers! This is important info in the cause of #Brexit.  
If Brexit shows nothing else, it is that party politics is not the solution any more. It is the problem.  
Soros-Backed Group Launches Campaign to Stop ‘Harmful’ Brexit with Second Referendum  
Caroline Lucas - On #Brexit we wish so much that Jeremy Corbyn would step up & represent his own members & join us in demanding both membership of the CU & the SM & that #PeoplesVote on the final deal as well. #StopBrexit #FBPE @adamboultonSKY pic.twitter.com/wK7oahlxtT 
1 delicious irony of brexit...we have an governing party whose ideology means they LOATHE the public sector, LOATHE employing people to deliver public services. And It's THIS government which will have to employ thousands & thousands of public servants 2 replicate EU agencies  
Near unanimous agreement in this great piece by @ChrisGiles_: small and big businesses, tax lawyers and consultants, tax and EU officials - and one academic. #VAT collection post Brexit, outside EEA, cannot be done with technology or paper trail only.  
BREXIT: Boris Johnson's dad wants a rerun of the Brexit vote over Russian influence /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Iain Duncan Smith goes full gammon - "IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT WHY DON'T YOU LEAVE!!"I assume we can tell him the same if Brexit is overturned?  
Brexit: Public health at risk if UK loses access to EU food safety databases, say council chiefs - Politics live  
Iain Duncan SmithExplaining that the #Brexit leave vote was to be taken literally and as #Brexit remain lost then it is tough cookie for them.#PeoplesVote 
We all know what BREXIT means don't we ? It means leaving the anachronistic, corrupt , expensive, ludicrous customs union & returning to self government.SO BLOODY WELL GET ON WITH IT  
Today the Telegraph reported that the treasury were considering Brexit commemorative coins, but first, the chancellor @PhilipHammondUK needs to approve a design. We're asking @BestForBritain supporters to submit theirs, to start, here's our suggestion.Please RT 
Whatever the result, the Swiss referendum on money creation on June 10th will probably lead to a better public understanding of the monetary system in that country than anywhere else in the world, not least amongst bankers themselves.  
Spotted in Tesco. Disgraceful Seriously though, who even would have done this before the advisory referendum. Now things like this are happening daily.  
This chart shows the rights UK citizens would have under various relationships with the EU. #Brexit #Europe 
6/ so we have a choice - stay as we are, locked into the Brexit spiral and continued austerity that the Westminster parties offer no alternative to - or decide to equip ourselves with the powers to build our way to a better future. 
Time to set out your stall @RuthDavidsonMSP  we have had enough of SNPBad - we want a 350 page document setting out the advantages of being chained to WM and a full report on how Scotland will suffer under English Brexit, you can through in your immigration plans for Scotland  
Govt promised to ban direct questioning of #domesticabuse survivors by perpetrators in family court a year ago! The lack of a majority and/or Brexit mustn’t distract govt from righting gross injustice in the uk  
1/ Reading lots of interesting comments about the #GrowthCommission - which is good. So much better to be discussing how to build a successful independent Scotland than just resigning ourselves to managing the decline of Brexit UK. A few points worth underlining though... 
Farage on LBC last night spouting his usual bile & nonsense about respecting the referendum vote.Yeah, right Nige:“In a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way. If the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it." 
‘London attracts top talent!’ Brexit does NOT put off investors declares business expert  
I am glad to see support across the Labour Party for a vote on Brexit at this year's Conference. Polling in March found that 82% of Labour members and 81% of Labour voters would back a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.  
Stanley Johnson: Brexit vote should be redone if there was Russian interference  
#Soros-backed campaign to push for new #Brexit vote within a year  
'A boulder has been pushed up a hill for decades and no one here was behind it': Clare Daly received a round of applause yesterday for her heartfelt referendum speech  
I’ve been trying to think of a prominent progressive who is an advocate of Brexit. Someone who promotes liberal values, knows the dangers of nationalism, values freedom of movement etc. Is there one? 
Meet my favourite ever interviewee, a farmer on the Irish border.And read the full piece below. We went to the Irish, Norway-Sweden, France-Switzerland border and Turkey-Bulgaria borders to investigate possibilities for "frictionless trade" after Brexit.  
Rees-Mogg:People want a clean #BrexitOnce we've left, we've left EU.We may be involved in Erasmus programme or something which we will contribute a set amount of money.But we are not interested in EU's total budget.That's a matter for them.#Leave #EU 
Wake up Britain. Investigative journalists & activists who criticize Putin are being assassinated, one by one. Trump, Brexit, a weak EU suit Putin's plans. Why are we handing it to him on a plate? Brexit is bad for UK for a myriad of reasons. It's our MPs duty to #stopbrexit2018  
WE'RE HIRING! If you're interested in stopping Brexit and making use of the thousands of people ready to do what they can to help, take a look and apply here:  
Complete and utter absurdity and scaremongering of the worst kind. Its time @theSNP got to work and laid out their plans for postBrexit farm payment system instead of keeping scottish farmers in the dark instead of engaging in this nonsense. 
Labour told it will reap rewards in Wales if it moves to oppose Brexit  
The Tory Brexit rebels need to join a cross party anti Brexit coalition. Don’t let the zealots win! 
Cost of DUP deal, latest update:• £1bn• An achievable Brexit deal• Devolved government • Good Friday Agreement at risk • Northern Ireland peace at risk • Around a million women’s human rights  
Yes, enough is enough. Where are the MPs who will stand up for the people of our region? We don’t want job losses, we don’t want cuts, we don’t want to be poorer, we don’t want Brexit! #BrexitBetraysBritain #PeoplesVote 
More than a pity. Corbyn has been instrumental in forcing through a hard Brexit that WILL hurt the poorest in society, WILL cripple the NHS, WILL lead to a longer deeper round of austerity.#StopBrexit 
Farage lashes out at billionaire George Soros for vowing to launch a campaign for second EU referendum in 'next few days'  
If Labour politicians want (as I do) women in NI to have the right to choose they should help, in any way they can, to restore the Devolved NI Executive and encourage them to introduce a bill or referendum. 
Our latest article has just been published by @BrexitCentral . A Clean Brexit can save the NHS. 
Excellent article detailing VAT problems with Brexit featuring @jeremydcape and @delaFeriaR . No surprises here though  to anyone who knows anything at all about VAT - just amazing that we could walk into this. No-one in government has thought about parcels yet, apparently. 
Remainiacs thinks it's ok for laws to be imposed by people that are not elected onto those affected, you the people.#Brexit 
Here is our @danirni talking about #repealedthe8th and the impact it may have on our campaign in NI. Including why Westminster should act and why we dont need a referendum! #nornironnext #abortionrightsnai #Together4Yes #NowForNI 
Britons shouldn't just "settle back" and accept result of referendum says @malloch_brown and people deserve the right to have the final say on the #Brexit deal #r4today 
#Brexit: Second referendum campaign to be launched, George Soros announces‘Divorce will be a long process, probably taking more than five years. Five years is an eternity in politics, especially in revolutionary times like the present’ 
Theresa May is to approve the creation of 10 Tory peers and hand at least a few to the DUP in an attempt to improve her weak position in the House of Lords, which has already voted 15 times against her government over Brexit.#CORRUPTUK#YouYesYet? 
"If Brexit doesn’t play out as people have been led to believe that it will, this anti-politics sentiment will move from being an important part of the backdrop to British politics to its central defining feature." 
Hope stories that Govt planning bargain basement sale of RBS shares is untrue. Totally unjustifiable. Would be a betrayal of the national interest by Philip Hammond, whose tenure at the Treasury & failure to stand up to Brexit looking worse & worse 
The elected government's manifesto at the time of the time of the EU ref promised to 'Safeguard British interests in the Single Market' but Hard Brexit fans the #AndrewsSisters Neil & Marr keep insisting everyone voted knowing the UK would Leave the Single Market. 
Farming 'would disappear from large parts of Scotland' under post-Brexit plans  
Ireland has shown how a referendum can create a genuine national conversation  
What happens is that the Holyrood Elections in 2021 become a vote on independence. Which, incidentally, there is a much better chance of winning. Calling a referendum is a trap for the SNP. Refusing it is a trap for the Tories. Excellent column.  
If you are raped or it is incest in Northern Ireland you have to give birth and be reminded every day of the man who raped you.But May won't promise a referendum there because she needs the DUP to stay in power.Strong and stable.  
Treacherous old bastard.The conspiracy theorists were right and we mostly all mocked them.Now maybe the country can get behind Brexit and stop foreign powers determine our future..  
The beauty of a (currently) 28 country bloc is you can dictate the terms. The UK wants to willingly leave this massively useful and profitable position on the whim of a minority of the Tory party, based on an illegally funded referendum that used stolen data to manipulate.  
Brexit will be 'catastrophic' for Scottish farming and the architects of this disaster are doing absolutely nothing to protect our rural economy. The Tories will pay a high electoral price in many rural constituencies.  
Brexit group with 4 Tory MPs on Political Advisory Board, & Govt ministers listed as Supporters starts campaign “as a matter of urgency” to target Tory MP supporters of customs union amendments Neill, SHammond, Grieve to resign from Tories for “continuing to oppose Brexit”...  
Amidst all the general gloom, Brexit betrayal, idiotic pronouncements on cycling diversity etc, at least there’s one welcome piece of news in today’s  Guardian........  
One of our groups, @IslingtonIn, preparing their local campaign to promote the March for a #PeoplesVoteWhat are you doing to promote it in your area? Let us know below, and help us demand a public vote on the final Brexit dealPledge to march with us at  
Did you know The National Library of Ireland is archiving 100 different websites related to the referendum, including content from Twitter and YouTube? They’ve been busy since last weekend! Thank you @NLIreland :  #archivingthe8th 
I know Brexit and the ECR crisis are huge problems, but some of y’all are out here in the DMs telling the only black woman reader in a history department in this country that white British people have to come first in the academy. Y’all should be ashamed of yourselves.  
Xavier Bettel(PM Luxembourg) - The EU provides added value to European citizens.. so it's not a coincidence that so many UK citizens living in Luxembourg have been applying for Luxembourg citizenship since the #brexit referendum.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Tánaiste @SimonCoveney hosting the #Brexit Stakeholders Forum first thing this morning. Crucial stage in the negotiations.  
"Live with it or find somewhere else to live" is the comment made by  IDS about Andrew Adonis on #PeoplesVote / 2nd Referendum (LBC).  So presumably he'd be happy if nearly half the population found somewhere else to live rather than live with his Brexit! 
Couldn't possibly be a focus on chasing headlines but again,no substance or action behind the words? No action on #rape clause or universal credit failure or Brexit, plans to cut £500m from Scottish public services in favour of tax cuts only a few weeks ago & now this...  
If I were a leave voter who is witnessing how Brexit has been hijacked by the far right I would be seriously questioning my vote. Does the average leave voter really want to be associated with the ERG group fanatics, or worse still Tommy Robinson? 
Looking forward to hearing speach by PM Bettel from Luxembourg to European Parliament, and the Q&A session after. When will #MrsMay deign to attend? Or is she too scared to stand up to Qs on her #Brexit position? @thomasbrake @vincecable 
I've just been told by the 'Author of #Brexit FactBase' that there's been a 90% fall in investment into the UK.He listed other reasons to show me why 'evidence of damage mounts every day and is moving the public against Brexit' - & every single one was incorrect.  Staggering. 
Excellent thread reminding us of the human cost of #brexit. Everyone is adversely affected by this foolish programme, most immediately the @The3Million . It is amazing that many still seem blind to the costs, in spite of all the evidence to the contrary. #brexitreality #FBPE 
It wasn't political parties that won #RepealedThe8th it was ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Most of the people who fought for #Repealed both over the last decades and during the referendum campaign were not members of political parties. Those who were in defiance 
If Ruth Davidson believes what she said in her lecture at @GlasgowUni1451 last night then she has to back either no #Brexit or the #SingleMarket  & #CustomsUnion option.  Anything else makes migration even harder and these islands steadily poorer. 
BLOCK: Soros-backed group to launch campaign to have second Brexit referendum, will launch ‘manifesto’. Remoaners still refuse to accept the will of the people!  
Welsh #Labour MPs including  @ToniaAntoniazzi @GeraintDaviesMP @SDoughtyMP @OwenSmith_MP have already had the courage to call for a #PeoplesVote. The mood in Wales is changing, the mood in Westminster is changing. #Brexit is not inevitable.  
Campaign for a second Brexit referendum to be launched  
VAT: Brexit’s hidden border dilemma. Another thing we haven't talked about, let alone solved as the clock ticks.  via @FT 
Soros is at it again, this time trying to derail Brexit.  
.Brexit just keeps getting better and better........"Britain could miss vital alerts for outbreaks of Salmonella & E-Coli if the country leaves the EU without agreeing to continue exchanging information on public health.". 
Personally, aged 72, I am proud that young people from my country such as Madeleina are standing against the tsunami of racism and Xenophobia ulleashed by an unecessary Referendum. She gives me hope for Britain’s future.  
If I was @10DowningStreet I would cancel Brexit & HS2, flog the carriers, cancel the F35s, put an end to austerity, borrow some money & build homes & network infrastructure, upgrade ports & airports, put doctors in charge of the NHS, consult experts & celebrate humanity. 
Interesting analysis of @UKLabour @welshlabour voters’ views across Wales on #Brexit by @BestForBritain with some comments from me 
Currency speculator George Soros is pouring money into subverting the biggest vote in British history. His campaign should be called Billionaires for Britain. If he is allowed to succeed, democracy will be dead. Brexit is best for Britain; the EU is only best for billionaires. 
George Soros: Campaign for second Brexit referendum about to start  
'Either live with it or find somewhere else to live' IDS on Brexit.@LBC 
George Soros to launch bid for Second Referendum; @NickFerrariLBC asks: will you support this? 
Spot on. In the absence of an Assembly, Westminster should legislate for a referendum in N Ireland to allow women to chose to terminate a pregnancy at “home” & safely  
Just told @NickFerrariLBC why there should be a people’s vote on Mrs May’s Brexit deal. People didn’t vote to be poorer & they should have their say before it’s too late 
We need to talk about VAT, borders and Brexit.  Being inside the customs union, solving regulatory alignment doesn’t solve this border problemThe choice is infrastructure, ECJ (and EU consent) or massive fraud via @financialtimes 
Since 2010 when the Conservatives have been in power:  the NHS is 10,000 doctors short. the NHS is 40,000 nurses down.  96% drop in EU nurses applying to work in Britain since Brexit 50% of foundation Drs are choosing not to go into NHS specialist training#PMQs 
Campaign for a second Brexit referendum to be launched with backing from George Soros  
Billionaire George Soros says a campaign to secure a second Brexit referendum will begin within days.Nigel Farage's response: "We'll beat you again and this time by a much bigger margin." 
SHOCK REPORT: "Free movement? 99% of working age Brits don't use it." Exclusive revelations from latest EU figures, from the #Brexit Facts4EU team - a MUST READ! 
Medieval Jacob Rees-Mogg says he was "saddened" by abortion referendum result in Ireland.  
I agree with @greenparty_ie that posters should be restricted for referendums & elections.Other democracies have designated spaces for posters, making for less visual noise & less waste. The larger political parties might not like it but, after this referendum, I think it’s time.  
‘Soros told an audience in Paris that changing the minds of Britons would be in keeping with “revolutionary times”’A revolution happens from within, it isn’t imposed. #Brexit is our revolution.#ThankEUGoodbye 
With all the ignorance, lying and deceit, favoured by the Brexit Ultras, being thrown around by Media darling Rees Mogg and failed ex Tory leader IDS,I think it’s time to share my single market example again.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain 
Sound advice from @fotoole on how to run a referendum. Chimes with my prescriptions in Out of the Wreckage: story-telling, deliberative democracy and treating everyone as a potential swing voter:  
Plot to subvert Brexit EXPOSED George Soros is bankrolling and pushing for yet another referendum on Britain's EU membership, George has no affiliation with the people of Britain, only himself. Foreign money used to divert and undermine the will of the British people.#Brexit  
In spite of Brexit chaos and the unpopularity of the government, Labour are still behind in the polls. It must be very galling for the Corbyn cultists to see that the 'Absolute Boy' has become the obsolete boy. 
The Brexit dividend can fill the gaping hole in the NHS and stop other public services being raided, says Joshua King  
Soros-backed campaign to push for new Brexit vote within a year:  <<< It's fun watching the Guardian wrestle with this one. On the one hand, powerful billionaires = automatically bad, but on the other hand, anything that thwarts Brexit = automatically good. 
‘Anti-Putin Russian journalist shot dead in Ukraine capital’  Putin is running amok with total disregard for international lawHe also wants to the destroy EU. Read more about Kremlin links to Brexit here:  via @telegraphnews 
Sure would be embarassing if people shared this recent photo of Jeremy Corbyn promising not a single job lost to Brexit as hundreds if not thousands of jobs in Britain already have been.  
My latest in the @guardian explores  just why the referendum in Ireland meant so much to even those far, far beyond it. “Savita! Savita! Savita!”: why the Irish abortion vote touched women the world over.#RepealedTheEighth #Together4Yes #feminism 
#Brexit Theresa May get on with Brexit stop pussyfooting around with it. 17 million voted Leave the EU. We’re leaving The Customs Union, & The Single Market. Your job is to get us out of the EU. Get on and do it FFS. You Strong & Stable don’t think so. Pissing myself laughing. pic.twitter.com/poD1Lk8RDJ 
A britnat's view of Post Brexit We will trade with the rest of the World But not Scotland if it becomes Independent. Good Luck with idea xxx 
Irish Referendum Was Rigged Are we so dumb as to believe that any deep state would leave a potent psycho-cultural weapon like abortion in the hands of ordinary voters? 
***THE BRITISH GOV IS INSANE!* They Spy on our U.S. President! * They Try To Reverse Brexit!* They Turn Their Back On Citizens! * They Suppress Free Speech! *.They Ignore Legal Due Process!* They Order Media Blackout! ENOUGH! #FreeTommy 
Brexit: choose your fantasies - Brexit doesn't look as if it is going to open us up to the real world. Merely, it provides the opportunity for the opposing sides to chose their own fantasies, to which the public are invited to subscribe...  #Brexinfo . 
Steyn on the Irish abortion referendum, the Tommy Robinson incarceration, the "Russia investigation" and more #ClublandQAndAActionReplay  
BS They weren't slow, they were negligent. Facebook and Dr Kogan signed a NDA the exact day after Brexit referendum was passed. That's not slow, that's obfuscation.  
George Soros: Campaign for second Brexit referendum about to start  
 It is #30May in Biafra Land! I wish you all a meaningful remembrance and nice day at home. #SitAtHome You have all my prayers! #Biafra #Referendum #Freedom  
you guys kicked the SHIT out of that referendum. enjoy your victory to the core. xxx  
UK lawmakers will be asked to sign off a £39bn Brexit 'divorce bill' later this year – without any legal assurance that the EU will agree a future trade relationship  
Ontario at 95 I've been in too many elections where it seemed impossible that a candidate for the forces of corruption, incompetence and greed could win but they have when people don't vote. Remember Brexit and Trump when you vote in the #OntarioElection and stop #DougFord 
More proof of this government’s incompetence. After promising last year to hire between 3,000 and 5,000 new customs officers to deal with Brexit, the latest headcount shows we have 3,000 less. I no longer take it for granted that May is planning to take us out of the EU. 
Time for @fiannafailparty to nail their colours to the mast. 724,000 people who voted no in the 8th referendum, feel like they have no political representation.  
Soros Funding Brexit Re-Vote Campaign, Set To Launch "In The Next Few Days"   
"Since the safe access zones & the Irish referendum, the protesters have been getting more aggressive, throwing cards at patients as they enter the clinic, hurling abuse etc" staff at a Bowen Hills clinic in Brisbane told me. And then overnight a few doors up someone has erected:  
Italy’s voters have a chance to rethink—by voting for League and 5Star, they set Italy on a collision course with EU.British voters decided to leave EU, not getting a 2nd chance. A solid Constitution is better than a rushed referendumBy @beppesevergnini 
Jacob Rees Mogg believes that figures are being fiddled by the civil service to make Brexit look bad - he scrapes the barrel with his own false claims - even as he denigrates public servants who have their work reviewed frequently. #ShameOnYouReesMogg #r4today 
“Brexit is a disaster” - experts debate the latest economic data.British households are already more than £900 worse off each because of Brexit.Brexit uncertainties suggest that figure will continue to grow.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit. 
Swedish Friend: If Brexit happens, you will end up like Norway or Switzerland. There's no way you'd keep your economy separate from the EU's.Me: You underestimate British nationalismFriend: You underestimate the demands of capitalism 
Now @theresa_may is asking the EU to “look beyond soundbites”.But there’s no way to deliver what Brexiters promised. Only platitudes like “Brexit means Brexit” are left.Most people now want to #Remain, polls show. So the best option is to #StopBrexit.  
The journalist Anne McElvoy has taken to calling supporters of a clean Brexit ‘impossibilists’. I remember in 1991 when I founded the Anti-Federalist League (renamed UKIP in 1993) being told that any idea of Britain leaving the EU was impossible. Well, the impossible happened. 
Anyway, given that many Yes voters were opposed to 12 weeks without restrictions etc. When will Millward Brown be examining the reasons so many Yes voters were confused & then have the re-run '8th Referendum II'? This is Ireland after all. We did it for Lisbon II & Nice II. 
I developed a comprehensive plan for Brexit today.Then the dog ate it! It could happen to anyone.#FBPE 
Labour MPs, especially those in the North, must concentrate on the likely loss of jobs in their constituencies if Brexit goes ahead.  Hint: That's the way to keep your seats at the next election.  #stopbrexitshambles @UKLabour @Labour4EU @jeremycorbyn @Channel4News @ITVnewsdesk 
Andi is right to be disgusted. For centuries people from all over the globe have lived, worked & contributed to make Aberdeen what it is & Aberdonians have moved to do the same elsewhere. This nonsense exacerbated by Brexit is unacceptable & should always be called out.  
1. Found these...further proof of the Leave lies...you judge..which campaign statements match #Brexit reality..VOTE LEAVE  
Today at the Canadian parliament @chrisinsilico gave a fascinating & terrifying insight into what needs to be done to protect people and their data in this brave new world....never forget, our wonderful NHS provides care on clinical need not your ability to pay. 
there are probably few better visual metaphors for brexit that this building in omagh called EU house where if you leave you fall two stories and sustain some serious injuries  
Norwegians describe the EEA mechanisms whereby it has influence over Brussels working groups and expert groups, without votes, and seconds its own experts into these institutions - obviously post Brexit UK outside EEA unlikely to get or even seek this level of cooperation /6  
The party in power for 11 years, the party with literally 20 times the amount of money is worried about the Green Party’s ability to put-resource the Liberals in a referendum? If that’s an actual fear, the Green Party in PEI is about to make national news  
Brexit is far more understandable now! I don’t see a way to live with such hypocrisy....they are so hatefilled! 
Any figures put out by Leave are rubbished in minutes. It takes months of research to find the truth in the Remain figures. One could almost think there was a whole army of civil servants working to stop Brexit. 
Revealed: HMRC customs bill for Brexit overstated by as much as £18bn  
Why do people such as Remainers Soros & Miller think it is right to use their £millions to overturn a democratic vote, trampling on the rights of 17.4 million people? What next General Election meddling? #EnoughisEnough #Brexit is going to happen!  
Campaign for new vote to #StopBrexit gathers pace.Fresh referendum could save UK from ‘immense damage’, says backer George Soros.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.  
"We will offer over a million young people, who didn't get a chance to vote in the EU referendum, a say on their future" says @MollyMEPJoin Molly, & thousands more, on June 23 as we march on Parliament to DEMAND a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. RSVP @  
Whilst the racists believe every word from Farage, anyone with any sense now knows Johnson, Gove & Cummings haven't only misled the country but they've been involved in something highly illegal....only a matter of time before Cummings decides he's not going to take the rap alone! pic.twitter.com/0H6Ii5ubuZ 
Do you recall the Government sending a letter to every household? I do.It stated that this was a once in a generation referendum.The inference that democracy was undermined in 2016 is offensive.  
I’m so Brexit obsessed that I can’t even read a Mr Man story without thinking about whether Mr Uppity is a Brexit supporter (clearly, yes). I’m going to need some extensive therapy when this nonsense is over! 
I was talking to a Brexit supporter this weekend. He acknowledged that things aren’t going well and that we’re heading for a catastrophic hard Brexit. His solution: we should be preparing for it; not stopping it, preparing for it. What has happened to people?! 
“Leaving the EU must mean leaving the Single Market, Customs Union, the jurisdiction of the ECJ, the Common Agricultural Policy and the Common Fishing Policy” Please sign and RT to send a clear message to our unelected #Brexit negotiator @OllyRobbins 
These ‘experts’ do realise #Brexit hasn’t happened yet, right?  
Rejoice! Tory MPs write to Treasury to ask for a brexit coin - and minister replies supporting the idea..!  
Guardian front page, Wednesday 30 May 2018: Soros reveals urgent mission to secure second EU referendum  
i think “how did you vote in the referendum to repeal the 8th amendment” is a valid first date question now 
Extraordinarily soft interview with no challenge to @RuthDavidsonMSP on the fact that her #immigration calls run absolutely directly contrary to @theresa_may toxic #immigration policies enthusiastically followed by @ScotTories MPs & ...er #Brexit???  
Scottish Labour group backs vote on final Brexit deal  
New series of coins to commemorate Brexit backed by the Treasury  
The British economy appears to now be in a prolonged period of disappointing  growth with weak investment This is exactly what some of us forecast shortly after the referendum. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
What a load of shite. I was expressing similar concerns and reservations even before the referendum, when I never had a quid to my name. My main concern has always been: voters from poorer backgrounds may get taken for granted and sold down the river to secure independence.  
Economic experts warned Brexit meant job losses, greater austerity, and permanent economic slowdown.Now it’s happening.Johnson, Gove & Mogg CAN afford it; but the rest of us get hit HARD!Fortunately there’s still time for #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit  
I've just watched the Anthony Hopkins Lear, and how it reminds me of #Brexit Britain; a once mighty nation led into folly by those who flattered its conceit of greatness, stumbling blindly in a world it can no longer grasp, clinging to vain angry pride amidst its confusion. 
Critical time ahead for Fianna Fáil. Referendum result showed significant section of parliamentary party out of touch with majority view of the people. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "The EU’s economic performance is disastrous. Look at the level of youth unemployment across the EU."We’ve done so much better because we’ve been out of the euro and we will do better still once we’re outside the EU." #Brexit  
“David Davis’s Brexit Official ‘Poached’ By Jeremy Corbyn To Become Labour’s Policy And Research ChiefHire of Mike Hatchett seen as 'great coup' for Opposition”  
Sovereignty, control, human rights, workers' rights, freedoms, the economy, the NHS, education, universities, science, environmental protection, food safety, food standards, defence, diplomacy, Britain's standing in the world. ALL WEAKENED BY BREXIT. There is NO gain. 
'Brexit is a disaster' 'Brexit is a disaster' 'Brexit is a disaster'!!..WHEN WILL THOSE BLOODY TORY AND LABOUR IDIOT LEADERS LISTEN !!..Brexit would never have been launched by any leader with a grain of common sense !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
I don't know who disgusts me more most of the time, the far-left or the far-right. In fact, fuck-it! They're both examples of intolerable fanatics that have no place in the modern UK. Oh, and both the reason why we are even contemplating Brexit. Get rid of hatred. #FBPE 
Nigel Farage - "As we speak, Theresa May is desperately scrambling to get us back into a whole series of EU programs in your next budgetary period and no doubt we will pay more for that." #Brexit  
Margot Parker MEP - "Theresa May must fulfil the pledge. The British people have voted in this referendum and have a full expectancy to leave.“We’re frustrated with our Government being so slow in the negotiations." #Brexit  
* Showdown in Italy :  ‘A referendum on the euro!' Matteo Salvini set to turn next Italian election into SHOWDOWN with the EU elite.  The resentment continues to build in Europe and things are about to get ugly.   #v4 #visegrad 
Many thanks to @SODEMAction for confirming today how lacking in integrity @KateHoeyMP is.  The vast majority of Remain activists are voluntary and dip into our own pocket to fight Brexit. Kate needs to dip into the pockets of Arron Banks to form her opinion. She's a disgrace.  
Billionaire insider George Soros reveals that the campaign for a second EU referendum will begin 'in the next few days'  
Amazing turnout & great questions about #Brexit at tonight’s special meeting of @EastLothianSNP in #Haddington .  Thanks for inviting me. 
Some 60 million Brits who live in the UK will completely lose their free movement rights in the 27 EU states if the government puts an end to free movement for EU nationals. So what options for Brits who want to move and live in an EU country after Brexit?  
#BCAtalkingpoint "British museums should send back thousands of objects taken from former colonies to help build bridges in the post-Brexit world" - Historian David Olusoga on #musuems #artefacts #history 
Badgers are paying the cost for Brexit @michaelgove is willing to push them to local extinction to appease the farming lobby #stopbadgercull 
Read my thread on @RuthDavidsonMSP speech tonight on #immigration #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #GrowthCommission @theSNP  
And herein we have why #Brexit will not work. Keep fighting everyone. We are on the right side of history. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#DoTheRightThing 
And rather than backing the Tory #Brexit Power Grab on devolution @RuthDavidsonMSP should support devolution of #immigration powers to Scotland. Different immigration regimes can easily be run within the UK, as already happens in federations like Canada 
If @RuthDavidsonMSP is really serious about backing a change in immigration policy she should join the campaign to keep Scotland and the whole of the UK in the single market with free movement & campaign to reverse #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
It all started because I said Labour members rejected his proposal for a 2nd referendum- overwhelmingly. That is a fact. It hit a nerve. 
If citizens' interests really are Theresa May's main concern then why has she not invited @BritishInEurope or @The3Million to meet her so that she can hear what the 4.6mn people most directly affected by Brexit need to get on with our lives?  
Soros-backed campaign to push for new Brexit vote within a year  
Labour's leader in Brussels sparks FURY by hinting party is open to 'reconsidering Brexit'  @thesilverfox971 @MutliRaceMan @dontbrexitfixit @Dissentra @TheStephenRalph @City_Livery_SM @BrexitBin @David_T_Evans @HowarthJudd @Steve_Remainer @WolverhamptonLD 
.@theresa_may So you, through your spokesman, today hit back at the EU, noting that Brexit negotiations need to be approached "with the interests of citizens at heart". Let's take a moment to look at that: 1/ 
‘Elites decide, not people’: #Italian Euroskeptic coalition angry over pro-EU interim PM  #Brexit  
Take a read of the european commissions paper regarding brexit and transport ... not only transport but this will affect ALL of us ... “ a 3rd country “ - driving licences will not be recognised etc ..... this could become reality by March 2019 ..  
I’m a big fan of these guys. They're young so probably won’t have much dosh and they’ll have even less if we Brexit, so please give a donation if you can. 
BREXIT: George Soros to launch bid for second Brexit referendum /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
More than 50% of the citizens of #UK voted for Brexit  ... "let's vote again" More than 50% of the citizens of #Catalonia voted for independence  ... "let's vote again" More than 50% of the citizens of #Italy voted for an anti-EU government ... "let's vote again" 
Today Father Dave Dwyer and I talk about the Sacraments of Holy Orders and Matrimony, as well as the referendum on the 8th Amendment to the Irish Constitution.  
Just to be clear, Donald most definitely IS NOT talking about the Brexit vote here. 
If brexit does happens or not, it will still fail, but the relevant date will be a sea of blue and yellow flags and pro EU parties across the land till we're back in. Leavers will regret they day they made us all appreciate the EU. X  
Corbyn wants Brexit.But he does not want his fingerprints on it.He wants to ride in on a white charger to rescue post-Brexit Britain from its horrors.But he is the chief obstacle to the best future for the UK , which is to be in the EU.He is Theresa May’s chief helper. 
Great speech by @ClareDalyTD ‘It's like an enormous weight being lifted': Applause for Clare Daly's heartfelt referendum speech  (via @thejournal_ie) 
Theresa Mays refusal to comment on the Irish referendum or to challenge the DUP on its anti abortion stance says everything we need to know about the weakness of this government. She has no power. She has no dignity. She is a puppet. She is an embarrassment. 
This govt move is contrary to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, particularly Arts 13 (Rights to Free Movement in and out of the Country) and 15 (Right to Nationality and the Freedom to Change it). Brexit is intended to abrogate rights. #FBPE #StopBrexit #WATON #FBR 
If only Brexit had been run like Ireland’s referendum and defeat tribalism and fake newsIt turned out that a lot of people were sick of being typecast as conservatives and like to be treated as complex, intelligent, compassionate individualsBy @fotoole 
.@Nigel_Farage on George Soros’ bid for a second Brexit referendum: “I don’t want one, but if it’s forced upon us then we’ll beat you again, and this time by a much bigger margin!”  
Nationalism lives in Europe!This could be the next BREXIT. This time a break could really hurt the union in the short term.The #MAGA movement spreads.  Europeans want their countries back!Italy sparks global fear of fresh euro crisis           via @WSJ 
Waiting for Andrew Adonis to somehow connect Roseanne to Brexit, and then we can count the discourse as done for the day, and see what’s on telly. 
On the road to Carmageddon: Hard Brexit will drive industry to ruin. From John Neill, the boss of Britain's biggest automotive firms, a devastating indictment of how hard Brexit will drive his industry to ruin. Via @MailOnline 
PM has two weeks to put Brexit on paper. Good luck @InFactsOrg A shift in Labour position on Brexit would be good for the country & for Labour, says Eloise Todd of Best for Britain. 
There were 1,277 complaints made about the Claire Byrne Live referendum show (via @thejournal_ie) #SendBoylanBackToSchoolTwas a great night for Truth!@ClaireByrneLive 
This pressure cooker salmon came out so good!! Top with a slice of lemon, some fresh dill, and @ICBInotbutter for the perfect healthy meal. Less food drama because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fat than butter! #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
But Wales voted for #brexit. Who's telling Labour fibs.  
BREXIT WARNING: Second referendum campaign will start ‘in NEXT FEW DAYS’, promises Soros  
."If the Brexit referendum had been preceded by such a respectful, dignified & humble exercise in listening & thinking, it would surely have been a radically different experience.". by @fotoole in The @IrishTimes 
The EU is facing major economic, social & political crises-in Catalonia, the UK & now Italy a cartel of unelected functionaries, backed by oligarch money have made it their business to attack & suppress democracy. If there was ever an argument for supporting Brexit this is it Now  
Bishop says Catholics who voted Yes in Ireland’s referendum have sinned and should go to confession (via @thejournal_ie) 
Well, little girl, the people responsible for the 2016 referendum mounted a 20 year long campaign - putting up hundreds of candidates, using the institutions of democracy and forced the issue. You'll need a bit more than a guitar and a Wonder Woman costume.  
Responding to claims from the Foreign Secretary that he “probably needs” a #Brexit plane“There is no doubt that @BorisJohnson has his head in the clouds, but is there no end to his frankly ludicrous demands?” says @thomasbrake#LiberateTheUK 
CONFIRMED: Ireland's Next Referendum Will Be On Making Wearing Socks With Sandals Illegal  
The Lords did some damage to the ‘Withdrawal Bill,’ happily: the only way a Brexit gov could extract the UK from 40 yrs of cooperation was by assuming huge powers for itself. But: Brexit will not happen. The safeguards of our EU membership will remain. 
'Peoples Vote'  =  'Final Say'  =  Second Referendum  =  Chance to completelyscupper Brexit  =  Remain in EUHowever you dress it up,  Leavers see right through itIt will never happen  
The political coup d’etat  in #Italy is the coup de grace to absurd liberal  illusions on the nature of the #EU We are well out of it surely, and shortly #Brexit #Greece #Portugal #IMF #Austerity #ECB 
None of this is Tory policy so this is just @RuthDavidsonMSP playing "look at me I'm a nice girl really" full in the knowledge that a) Brexit will stuff any of those plans & b) Tory Central wouldn't tolerate them anyway.  Next idea Ruth?  
VIDEO: EU's pourous external border gives rise to internal border checks @UKIP MEP Patrick O'Flynn @oflynnmep  #UKIP #Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial 
Spot the difference:Pre-BrexitEU Directives: National parliaments pass laws to achieve objectives decided TOGETHER at the EU level.Post-BrexitThe plan is to make sure UK law achieves the same concrete objectives as EU law. That avoids barriers to each other's products 
From an international perspective, I think what's also compelling about the @MagicMagid victory is that it presents a more hopeful narrative to the current climate of intolerance/xenobia that has become the hallmark of the #Brexit rise of UK's Far Right Ultra Nationalists. 
#FarageOnLBC@lbcThe leave side needs to take the initiative regarding Brexit. All the initiative is coming from the leave side.Leave side needs to unite quickly.Leave MPs need to form a cross Party caucus & work with the other Brexit parties now. 
No, he isn't.. He's reacting to the growing number of ppl across UK, who've seen thru the lies told by the Brexiteers. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Ireland "Yes" campaign co-director: Breaking public silence on abortion & organizing locally were at core of successful referendum campaign  
The biggest threat to western democracy is the European Union?#Italy #Brexit 
George Soros vows to spend five years fighting for a second #EU referendum in bid to overturn #Brexit  
'Brexit is a disaster' – experts debate the latest economic data  
Never call it a second referendum... Always call it an 'Informed Referendum' a 'People's Vote' or a 'Final Say'  
George Soros is to back a campaign calling for a new Brexit referendum. @Nigel_Farage asks: Is he wasting his time? 
The LD candidate in Lewisham E gets endorsed as the Anti Brexit Tactical Vote choice.  
If only Brexit had been run like Ireland’s referendum | Fintan O’Toole  
The UK's Brexit is almost totally predicated on halting immigration and will never be reviewed. This is just a simple waste of words.  
All the more reason to park post Brexit UK just outside EU with regulatory convergence by being in SM & CU so eventual that Rejoin becomes feasible. Precisely why Mogg wants hardest Brexit so Rejoin becomes a practical almost impossibility.  
Is it just me or does a minority opposition leader making a speech at a university get a lot more coverage in our media than the @ScotGovFM meeting the lead EU brexit negotiator ? Does that seem even remotely appropriate ? 
475,000 people have signed petition to support Tommy Robinson and our right to Freedom of speech.  Rather eclipses the 38,000  pathetic @theresa_may got at last GE... and she had to lie about promising Brexit to get that many. 
I missed it at the time, but this is the most unbelievable interview of the whole referendum campaign  @Colmogorman @newsworthy_ie  #Repealed 
It's funny. When the rest of us make the case against Brexit, it's usually transactional. It's a cost/benefit analysis. When they do, it's positive, passionate and about a sense of identity. 
**Warning** We can’t believe we are posting this but despite referendum results, there are protestors with very graphic images at NMH. We are absolutely disgusted that women, girls & others attending services and...  
OFOC need funding. For my money, and for what it's worth, I reckon they're the most important anti-Brexit group out there.  
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum  
The historic result in Ireland's referendum on abortion has piled pressure on UK Prime Minister Theresa May to reform the law in Northern Ireland, where terminations are still illegal  
“In Britain, Austerity Is Changing Everything”“After eight years of budget cutting, Britain is looking less like the rest of Europe and more like the United States, with a shrinking welfare state and spreading poverty.”#PMQs #TheresaMay #Brexit 
So brexit then rejoin on what are bound to be much worse terms including accepting the Euro and even Schengen.  Got a better idea.  Let's not leave. 
Yes, who will defend the 1000 year British legal tradition of due process from money grubbing Muppets like Tommy who can't/won't understand that reporting restrictions exist for a reason: to ensure justice. His actions could have caused a mistrial and freed accused paedophiles 
'We're FED UP waiting!' British MEP BLASTS Theresa May for Brexit negotiations delays  
In an emotional Dáil contribution, @ClareDalyTD said the weekend referendum result was 'like an enormous weight being lifted'  
Letter to David Davis:We're in much stronger position than EU & Remainers have world believe: we have massive EU trade deficit & need our money to complete EU budget cycle.You & your team need to stop subservience & stand up for UK interests.#Brexit #EU 
Pure gold. The lesson for Brexiters? Listen to Ciaran not Rees Mogg...WATCH: Knowledgeable EU van driver utterly destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg’s Brexit bluster with firsthand experience [VIDEO] (Evolve Politics)  
Clare Daly's heartfelt speech on Friday’s referendum was met with applause from both sides of the Dáil chamber this afternoon, as she described how the result felt like an enormous weight being lifted from the country  
London’s a Remain city. Labour’s a Brexit party. I predict #LewishamEast is where patience of Labour voters runs out  
"You're just talking this country down."We're smaller than the EU, that's just a fact. That means, separate from the EU, they will always be stronger.The best use of the great potential this country has is to be LEADING the EU. Brexit crushes that potential. 
In Historic Referendum, Ireland Votes to Repeal Abortion Ban #Repealthe8th  
Fallout Britain, takes place six months after Brexit in the wastelands of the Midlands. 
Sterling taking a knee when the national anthem being played, followed by a machine gun celebration when he scores, followed by a t-shirt saying “Brexit is a lie”, would probably make @piersmorgan spontaneously combust. #Sterling 
Britain could rejoin the European Union after Brexit, says Jacob Rees-Mogg (but Brexit must go ahead first) via @Telegraph 
‘We also found that since the EU referendum, young people have expressed more support for EU institutions and less for UK institutions.’  
There can't have been many better speeches in Dail Eireann than @ClareDalyTD 's response to the #RepealedThe8thReferendum today.... 
‘Britain could rejoin the EU after Brexit, says Jacob Rees-Mogg.’I’ve got a much better idea, Jacob. Let’s have a #PeoplesVote on the final deal and not bother leaving the EU. That way, we won’t have to wreck our country just for the hell of it.  
What where you say about no appetite for #indyref2Does Brexit Justify Another Scottish Independence Referendum?  
Labour voters in Lewisham have a great way of telling Corbyn to re-think his line on Brexit: vote @lucyvsalek in the by-election. 
None of @Keir_Starmer ‘six tests’ on #Brexit can be met, says #AlastairCampbell. RT his guest article, ‘Why #Labour must oppose Brexit’. Link:  
Brian Cowen(former Prime Minister Ireland) - #Brexit what is it?... it's a bit of a disaster to be honest with you... they had a referendum that was only advisory but they took it literally... outside No.10 they said they were leaving... big mistake#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I wonder - as prices rise, public services dwindle and our rights go -  if #Brexit voters will realise who has actually taken back control?  
Britain must start planning for a ‘no deal’ Brexit — or we’re only setting ourselves up for failure, says @TheSun 
Genuine question, what would be a bigger betrayal of the country?Letting the population vote their way out of something that hasn't gone to plan, orDelivering a Brexit that goes against almost everything Brexit voters wanted in 2016 (richer, more sovereign, better NHS)? 
#TheresaMay ‘s   latest  #CustomsUnion  plan  won't  be simple  to  deliver. My take on the latest #brexit shambles explains why:  
WATCH: Knowledgeable EU van driver utterly destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg’s Brexit bluster with firsthand experience [VIDEO]  
Scientists at the Joint European Torus (JET) are watching Brexit negotiations with mounting concern.  
The politics of Brexit are stuck in a dead end but - at present - an election doesn’t seem to offer any way out.  
Has @theresa_may been watching. Petition to abolish HOL. Almost 500k petition for Tommy Robinson. Marches for Freedom of Speech, Tommy and other issues. Time she delivered a clean Brexit. The mood is energised if she backslides on 17.4 million voters. Ignore Eurocrats. 
I’m finding the predictable referendum this morning on the Rockets’ system delightfully hilarious. They would’ve gotten closer than pushing the champs to the brink by playing a different style? Okay. 
Turnout among women aged 18-24 up 94% in Ireland’s abortion referendum, down among every male age group below 65 years  
No. We are simply sick of #FBPE bullshit.Smearing Corbyn.Blaming LAB for Brexit.Aiming all your poison at LAB and NOT the Tories who are responsible for Brexit.It's not coordinated. I see frequent exasperation at your groups incessant bullshit......  
I won't mince my words with this one. If you're thinking "Doesn't matter if Brexit's a mess now. Let's just get over the line and sort everything out after" Not only are you putting us in an EVEN WEAKER negotiating position, but you're supporting #BlindBrexitBetrayal of country 
May's plan..stall until it's too late to thwart her #Brexit.Corbyn's plan stall until it's too late to thwart a #Tory #BrexitShambles so he can let them take the blame lose a GE & have his #Brexit.#Remain growing in number can undermine both. #FinalSay 
It's almost like society atoning for everything its done to women.An emotionally charged contribution from @ClareDalyTD on the referendum result.  
WATCH: "I would have thought there's a high chance that the 5 Star Movement & Lega do better than they did last time & that faces the EU with an even greater challenge than Brexit" - @Jacob_Ress_Mogg on the growing anti-Brussels revolt in Italy. Fight on! 
Would you want a second Brexit referendum?  
Michael Gove and David Davis set out to prove the experts wrong by building their own rival to the European Arianne space programme in THE #BREXIT BOOK OF ROCKET SCIENCE  
Has Brexit put us in a strong position?We might be leaving BEFORE we've finalised the future trade relationship. That means the EU will be able to say "Give us everything we want before the transition period ends, our you'll drop out with no deals with us or any other country." 
2/3 Labour constituencies voted Leave.Millions voted Labour on the basis they would respect the result of the referendum.Look what happened to the Lib Dems when they broke their manifesto promises.Labour opposing Brexit now would be an absolute gift to the Tories.  
On June 23, we will march to Parliament Square to demand a vote on the final Brexit deal. Join us, for this historic event: @MollyMEP will be marching with us - will you join her? 
1979: Contraceptives legalized1993: Homosexual acts decriminalized1996: Divorce legalized2015: Same-sex marriage legalized2018: Referendum paves way for legalized abortionIreland's four decades of social change:  
For the UK, Brexit means assuming you'll be afforded all the benefits of membership, with the flexibility of not, whilst trying to convince people that whatever it is, it's what they wanted.For the EU, Brexit means the UK are not members. 
It's time to challenge the conduct of key civil servants over Brexit – especially the ones who helped create defence ties to the EU Commission since the referendum and are now working to keep the UK in them.Essential article: 
BREXIT CHAOS: Thousands Of British Expats May Lose Access To Their Pensions After Brexit /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"Brexit is deteriorating into a series of broken promises. We need a people’s vote on the final deal." My letter in the @standardnews 
A visibly upset Clare Daly tells the Dail the referendum almost felt like Ireland atoning for the way it has treated women. She says she cannot believe it has taken to the point of her being 50 years of age and her daughter coming home for her first vote for it to be gone. 
Catching up on coverage of Irish referendum, I loved @KathaPollitt's piece, that ends with women singing "Bread and Roses:" 
The Brexit 'divorce bill' is Theresa May's only card left. She must use it, says the @Telegraph 
Anti-Catholic bigotry in the Sunday Independent, commenting on the Irish referendum. Wow, just ... wow. Signs of the times, people. Signs of the times.  
If the EU Commission thinks this typically bad-tempered 'clarification' from their authoritarian chief spokesman will undo the damage, they're sadly mistaken.  This has legs and democracy matters.Read our latest #Brexit report here:  
Brexit voters,Where's your red line? There must be some circumstances that would make you say this is going wrong. Otherwise you believe the word Brexit is holy and can do no wrong. In that case you're a fanatic.So what is it? Costing too much? Becoming a 2nd class EU member?.. 
Just had a lovely lady from Somerset in telling me she has just sold up and moved to Scotland because what #brexit has unleashed in England has sickened her. She said she has been made to feel so welcome since moving and is away with an @iScotNews as well  
Brexiters - well done for costing UK and its people over £80bn so far in your wild fantasist Brexit. No plan no solutions no ideas no clue - deadline looming and still nothing after two years.  
WATCH | Vile globalist billionaire George Soros, who profited big time from speculating against our currency, boasts about his plot to "rescind Brexit" with @BestForBritain. Scumbag! 
Those who believe Brexit will free the UK to expand exports are set for a severe disappointment. Despite two big falls in the pound since 2005, export growth has lagged the Eurozone by a distance. The reason is too few companies making/providing things the world wants, not EU.  
1. You seem to have forgotten an election was held last year2. Don't confuse the Brexit result and our useless government failing to do what they should be doing. 
NEWSTHUMP: Brexit proposals nominated for Hugo Award in Fantasy category: (A pedant notes: there is no distinct Young Adult Fantasy category in the Hugos—the fiction Hugo categories are all open to SF *and* fantasy, distinguished by length—but good try!) 
It would be such a shame if this issue is forced and abortion law is reformed in Northern Ireland and this British government falls and Brexit doesn't happen 
The number of staff employed by HMRC has fallen by more than 4,500 since Article 50 was triggered - how can the government crack down on corporate tax evasion, while ensuring effective customs plans are in place after #Brexit, without any tax officials? 
EU in a glance:2000 Austria votes for Haider...EU says no, vote again or you’re sanctioned2005 Dutch vote No to EU...EU says no, vote again2015 Greece nearly votes on EU referendum...EU says no, no more money2017 Poland changes its laws...EU says no, sanctions2018 Italy 
The #German dominated #EU is the #FourthReich in all but name! The #French and #Italians must #BreakFree from this #German #Finance Empire! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #AngelaMerkle #Italy #France #USA #UK #Brexit #Labour @UKLabour #Tory 
UK, 2016: "Brexit means Brexit!"EU, 2018: "Brexit means Brexit."The story of Brexit is of the journey from that exclamation mark to that full stop. 
It has to keep being said. This is a direct result of your pushing the UK to leave the EU. 100s of jobs lost, millions of pounds lost absolutely no gain. This is not the fault of the EU, it is the fault of the @telegraph IT IS THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR BREXIT’S FAULT.  
A national crisis in the lunatic shape of Brexit is happening. Corbyn’s big idea: more Bank holidays. 
UK Gov progress on #Brexit so far...Out-manoeuvredOut-manipulatedOut-performedOut-politickedOutmatchedOut-thoughtOut-flankedOut-foughtOut-playedOut-datedOutwittedOutdoneOutedOuton Weds, 29th March 2019...We can CHANGE this narrative.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
When in doubt about the EU and the eurozone, buy Treasuries. This is now the biggest flight to safety since the Brexit referendum.  
If I had £1 for every time you talk about SNP "getting on with the day job" I'd be a rich man. Meanwhile your party consistently fail to do their day job of making Brexit happen because thye can't figure out how to admit it's a shit show. But you know this, you're just trolling. 
Brexit-backing Wetherspoon boss urges May to prepare for no deal  
I cant believe we're actually going in to a season with a DM called Fabinho. That position has been brexit since mascherano left 
Putting Brexit & #PeoplesVote at the heart of the #LewishamEastByElection @lucyvsalek & @RichardNewby3. Are holding a public meeting with @JamesMacCleary. 30/5/18.Come Along ! 
The UK is learning the hard way what a mistake Brexit was. Italy’s economy is nowhere near as solid as the UK’s... so proceed at your own peril 
The campaign for a second #Brexit referendum will start “in the next few days,” George Soros says  
Very important research... North East Labour voters overwhelmingly voted remain & Labour Leave voters don't see Brexit position as decisive for their future support: Labour MPs' fear of Brexit voters could be unfounded, study says  
When the EU Budget Commissioner said “The markets will teach the Italians to vote for the right thing”, it wasn't the sentiment Tusk was annoyed with, it was the fact the Commissioner had said it out loud.Original fact-based #Brexit news:  
Very good words. But you can't pick and choose... what respect have you shown the Catalan voters?  Will you support them in forming a gov based on election they won? What support for political prisoners - only crime: respecting voters enough to ask their opinions in a referendum? 
Expert warns Brexit domino effect starts with Italy as UK holds 'SUPERIOR power'  
This makes me so angry. They smelled an opportunity to make money when the soaring numbers of EU citizenship applications became public news. These are Brits that have been forced to apply because of Brexit, who have been denied a vote and have been ignored throughout the process  
So now that I’m blocked by the Charities Regulator I can’t ask them if they think that active referendum campaigning on a healthcare issue “advances religion”. Because if not, this leaflet was illegal under the Charities Act and the CRA can prosecute Iona Institute charity.  
If only the Labour leader had the foresight and lucidity of Field Marshal The Lord Bramall#Brexit#FBPE 
Now the referendum is done and dusted I am resuming my position of hating all fianna fail and fine gael politicians thanks for the help folks but yous are all still snakes 
“By now, everyone knows that for high priests of Brexit, leaving the EU is a faith immune to logical argument. Pesky experts are loftily dismissed as dumb puppets of ‘the establishment’. Science, data & research are brushed aside by a theological belief in the virtue of Brexit.”  
Got an EU family? Want to stay in the UK post Brexit? The govt will make that difficult.Got an EU family?Not liking what's happened to the UK and thinking of leaving?The govt will make that difficult.#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
'Brexit is a disaster' –  experts debate the latest economic data  
Why is Brexit undemocratic?Because our Government and many of our representatives are not speaking the truth. 
READ: @ChukaUmunna writes in @standardnews about the real cost of Brexit. Please RT:  
It is increasingly apparent that many Brexiteers would welcome an alliance between the Brexit parties. There are much MORE things that unite us, rather than divide us. We await a response from the leaders of those Parties.Those 5 Parties united CAN make the Brexit cause stronger. 
Food Brexit is a slow car crash. No plans for food supplies. Vague promises about enviro standards. Some double-speak. Young people's interests ignored. I now support @OFOCBrexit call for a People's Vote.  Support OFOC crowdfund  
Christian Adams on a Brexit no deal - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
"So many new facts have come to light since the Brexit referendum that no-one could have known at the time...let's make it the biggest demonstration that we can."Will you join @CarolineLucas at the March for a #PeoplesVote on June 23rd? SIGN UP HERE:  
Been a bit sceptical about all this ‘no-to-yes’ stories on here lately, but was chatting to a man earlier who says he would vote yes next time. #Tory behaviour, #Brexit circus and @UKLabour infighting against #Corbyn his reasons. #Scotref #SNP 
WATCH: @CarolineLucas will be marching for a #PeoplesVote on Saturday 23rd June - Democracy didn't end in 2016 & we demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  Please RT: 
Jacob Rees-Mogg releases the final Brexit plan. Con working people into voting for:8 years of austerity & tax cuts, followed by8 years of post Brexit costs8 years in the economic wilderness8 years to pay for rejoining the EUIf you're rich, 32 years well spent#FBPE 
UK: We’re leavingEU: OKUK: Properly mind, no Single Market or Customs UnionEU: A 3rd country. Got it.UK: Does “3rd country” mean we keep access to EU programmes, agencies, data, markets, contracts, agreements and decision-making?EU: Er, noUK: THE EU IS RUINING BREXIT! 
High stakes. DUP politicians now making explicit the threat that if May tries to interfere in abortion reform in N.Ireland, she risks losing the party's support on Brexit legislation. 
"We have debated Brexit for more than 60 hours since I became an MP three years ago." A quote from @DJWarburton to one of his constituents in @BremainInSpain Are we supposed to be impressed? I put in more hours than that on Brexit every single week!#PeoplesVote 
No matter what kind of day you're having or how low your self esteem is, you will never be as much of a failure as the pro life campaign in the run up to the referendum 
Earlier we RT'd a tweet from Germany's int'l broadcaster DW.  It was also RT'd by @matteosalvinimi & @Nigel_Farage but for some reason has now been deleted. See below. Astonishing arrogance from (German) EU Commissioner about Italian voters. #Brexit news:  
Rees-Mogg goes head-to-head with someone whose livelihood will be damaged by Brexit and loses the argument badly. Brexit Fundamentalists don't care for rational argument or evidence. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Owen Paterson - The whole of the establishment in the Republic of Ireland hates brexit... everybody hates brexit... they don't want it to happen. He thinks the RoI & the EU commission are using the border question as a tripwire to try & keep the UK in the CU/SM #FBPE pic.twitter.com/juF84rVtJk 
George Soros:By rescinding Brexit and not creating a hard-to-fill hole in the European budget Britain but would render Europe a great service.If the EU budget bothers you that much George, get your f'ing wallet out.#BestForBritain more like #BestForSoros 
Ex-MI6 boss Sir Richard Dearlove says it's vital that Britain severs all defence ties with Europe following Brexit  
If we have to tear down the whole Yes movement and start from scratch to get Loki back on board, then that is what we must do, because let's face it, without him we'd have lost the 2014 referendum by 2,001,927 votes to 1,617,988, rather than by 2,001,926 votes to 1,617,989. 
If the Soros/@BestForBritain strategy is to tell the British people that they should think twice about Brexit to “render Europe a great service by rescinding Brexit and not creating a hard-to-fill hole in the European budget,” I'm gonna say I don't really rate their chances. 
#Britain has become a world-wide joke, with a recklessly incompetent leader, struggling to keep our #Government under control. It’s time for Theresa to stop the pretence that negotiations are in a healthy & functioning state, & end #Brexit entirely.  
Good afternoon, we hope you had a lovely Bank Holiday weekend.Back to #Brexit business today.We asked Sinn Fein's @FrancieMolloy #HowWillbrexitBenefitMe?His answer was short and straight to the point with a clear message to #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain #SODEMaction 
George Soros, who has already donated more than £700,000 to the anti-Brexit campaign, said @BestForBritain would “render Europe a great service by rescinding Brexit and not creating a hard-to-fill hole in the European budget… that’s what the Best for Britain is aiming for.”  
Meet the new unelected Prime Minister of Italy. This is what he thinks of us:The EU referendum in Britain was 'unforgivable imprudence', on part of David Cameron. The EU Council should take measures to forbid such referendums in EU nations.#Brexit  
The latest on the Leave's camps view of Brexit from @SKZCartoons. 
Increasing numbers of Brexiters moaning about Brexit not working. Lemoaners.Brexit isn't working. Get over it.#StopBrexit 
Amen to those sentiments! Stop the madness of Brexit!  
When even the Telegraph calls the ‘No Deal’ #Brexit threat ‘redundant’ it’s time for the Brexiter Elite to halt their increasingly desperate calls for the illusory utopia they pursue.  
“If you continue to oppose the result of the democratic referendum of 2016 then you should resign from the Conservative Party who made a manifesto commitment to leave the Single Market and the Customs Union.”  
EEF, the manufacturers’ association puts boot into @Theresa_may customs #brexit plans.  
66% of UK manufacturers and 60% of services firms are struggling to find suitably skilled staff, according to survey by BCC. This combined with #NHS staff crises shows the harm #Brexit is causing. We need people’s vote #FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg finds his Latin phrases & posh accent don’t help him out when faced with #brexit reality from a real small business man who trades Europe wide.A must listen - also makes you wonder at how easily a charlatan like Mogg gets treated by usual journalists’ circle.  
How criminal to wish to retain power in the world around us. Surely Brexit means a clean neutering, de-clawing & caging of our great nation.  
Someone commenting on one of my stories about the referendum described a pregnant woman as the "female host"  
“Someone’s got to say it, it ain’t working” hear what Vote Leave’s biggest donor has to say on the government’s Brexit negotiations.Please RT  
We launched a crowdfunder this morning ! We are holding events at schools, colleges and universities across the country to inform and mobilise young people about Brexit! Please donate if you can!!!!  
Britain wants Brexit talks to be more constructive - May's spokesman Britain wants the Brexit talks to be more constructive with less focus on sounds bites and anonymous briefings, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said, without a hint of irony. 
LIMP: Government carrying out 300 projects planning for a No Deal Brexit - but May doesn’t want these promoted to avoid ‘winding up’ the EU. Time to get tough and let @MichelBarnier know that we want a good deal or no deal at all! 
Stop Brexit, lose a few votesSupport Brexit, lose many votesWhich plan gives best chance of @UKLabour in Govt? There is no credible reason for current position Labour MPs' fear of Brexit voters could be unfounded, study says  
Big fan of calling a referendum on a style of play that led to 65 wins and pushed the greatest collection of talent in NBA history to seven games. Please delete your drafts if you’re considering such a piece. 
#Brexit means #Brexit.Govt must deliver the will of the people.Out means Out!@AMDWaters Please RT this petition.Let's achieve 100000 signatures for a debate in Parliament 
President Higgins on #Brexit:It will be more essential than ever to work to maintain deep friendships north/south, east/west.A core aim of Irish govt is to preserve provisions & principles of #GFA.This isn't straightforward because Brexit unpicks was painfully woven together  
Hiking fees for people to keep their families together is deplorable: Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surge   
Businesses have invested in the UK because it's the gateway to Europe. When it becomes the 'gateway to nowhere' what will attract business? The ERG know the answer - low taxes on business & the rich & a bonfire of regulations & workplace rights. Tory heaven!#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Science, the NHS & Brexit!  With SfEU's Dr @mikegalsworthy in Stratford-upon-Avon, Wed May 30th 7-9pm!  
Even the Daily Mail now acknowledging that #Brexit will drive #Britain ‘s car industry to ruin : 
The charlatanism of the leave campaign means that Brexit will never be accepted- Me in @spectator 
Today I offer my prayerful support to @ArchbishopEamon and Archbishop Diamiud Martin, and their statements following the Referendum in Ireland on changes to its Constitution. Our commitment to mothers and their unborn children remains unchanged. 
EU ref was conducted as an advisory referendum without pre-written legislation allowing Leave to promise the World & giving Remain nothing to argue against. Millions of votes were obtained for the Norway model which was never available. That's not democracy that's gerrymandering. 
As a person living in this country the @nytimes  was right.Austerity is changing this country as is brexit- in part a result of the austerity.UK 2012 v UK now, its depressing.Increased:PovertyCrimeHomelesnessFoodbank useRacismNHS waiting timesSuicideIn-work poverty 
The campaign for a second Brexit referendum will begin “in the next few days”, according to George Soros, the billionaire campaigning to keep the UK in the EU  
But of course this has nothing to do with Brexit.Carphone Warehouse to shut 92 stores amid profits warning#PeoplesVote 
Breaking NewsEuropean Establishment continues to defy the will of the people.  In UK still trying to derail Brexit and now in Italy ignoring march election results.  Turmoil pressuring US stock market this morning. 
HMRC has lost 2000 staff since the #Brexit referendum. Now concerns are that there won't be enough staff to implement a new customs regime. The gov't doesn't look ready for Brexit. 
This is what "Brexit means Brexit" means.  No wonder the government does not use that phrase anymore.  
Centrists: *weeping about victims of austerity.Left: Let’s end it.Centrists: Um..Left: Well, what else do you suggest?Centrists: STOP BREXIT!Left: But we’re in the EU now. Austerity is still crushing people. Centrists: OH I’M NOT TAKING YOUR SOCIALIST PURITY TEST! 
It’s time to challenge the conduct of some civil servants over Brexit  
Countless people across the entire country are living in fear that Brexit will destroy their livelihoods. And all for the sake of what? Why are you not reporting on this EVERY DAY?  
The 'progressive' elite, while extolling the will of the Irish people on abortion, refuses to accept the will of the British people on Brexit:  
Brexit is not the biggest problem the EU now faces...  
It is not Brexit delays that are causing their fear, but #Brexit itself. Kindly stop peddling the pretence that Brexit is not the wrecking-ball. 
I just picked up my Dutch passport, shown here eclipsing my old British passport which I will lose when I renounce British citizenship in a few day's time. Update about how brexit continues to affect us, with the @ukhomeoffice ripping us off to the end: 
A myth is emerging about why --after voting for Brexit-- the Brits are more positive about immigrationIt's not that they've fallen back in love with free movementIt's because many feel reassured that the numbers will come down  
If the "left" in Scotland want to stay in the union in hopes Corbyn may miraculously be voted in by a Tory loving England, fine. But I ask you once Brexit has decimated the economy, how are you going to build this socialist utopia? 
Post Brexit  the only shops left on the high street will be charity shops & betting shops. 
The Foreign Secretary's remarks are so strange. Blaming the EU for the our own failings just about sums up some people's enthusiasm for #Brexit  
'Take back control!' Expert predicts next Italian election will 'will sound like Brexit'  
Clueless Neil Kinnock (who is entitled to a fat Brussels pension) used to have some strong opinions about the House of Lords, but now he uses his seat there to attack Brexit. What a nasty, unprincipled parasite!  Support us at  
"I think the facts matter."WATCH: The Government is going to pay a £40bn Brexit divorce bill, and as revealed last week by Brexit Minister Suella Braverman, give us no guarantee of a trade deal in return. @ChrisLeslieMP is right to join our call for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
Opposing Brexit is in the interests of our country, our communities and Labour voters who are in the majority pro-European. Even the concept Leave voters would desert us is ill founded.There's no logical reason for a Tory-Lite Brexit, we should oppose. 
The Conservatives have been allowed to skirt “real” issues such as the NHS, the North/South divide, the size of classrooms and waiting times at A&E because the nation is fixated on “abstract” notions of “taking back control”  #Brexit 
Italy's fresh election risks being referendum on euro  
Fascinating confrontation here between a real-world small business owner who can give concrete examples of how Brexit impacts small & medium-sized enterprises + the other-worldly @Jacob_Rees_Mogg who is so impractical he's no earthly good. #BrexitShambles 
The BBC made a big mistake at the early part of Brexit, to disregard the European Union as a valid source of information.And that's why they've been producing so much junk news. 
Issues that Labour supporters focus and campaign on;Windrush, Austerity, NHS, Homelessness, Poverty, Education, Social Services, Immigration, Nationalisation, Environment etc...Issues that #FBPE focus and campaign on;Brexit, blaming Corbyn for Brexit.Who's the cult? 
Dear @UKLabour Please tell us which one of these Brexit scenarios will end austerity.#FBPE 
"You can see the fear in the men's eyes." Fisherman Alistair says #Brexit could kill off his shellfish & his business.Just one of many thousands of small businesses now at risk.The Brexit hucksters forgot to put this on the side of the bus.#PeoplesVote 
"The abortion debate is over in Ireland. Brexit, the most monumental  waste of time in modern British history, will eat up our energies and  divert our attention for as far ahead as anyone can see" me in @spectator 
Chief ERG ideologue @Jacob_Rees_Mogg unimpressive again when up against someone who actually knows what he is talking about. Empty slogans, platitudes, wishful thinking, etc. - it’s what Brexit is built on.  
The horticulture sector has been asking @GOVUK for information and / or action for well over a year.  The crisis has deepened and the damage worsened as the Tory #Brexit civil war drags on .  
The Oldest Brexit Parable  
In a few small years @freesafelegal grew from a small, well-organised group of dedicated activists to a national pro-choice movement spanning every county. Ireland was referendum ready come 2018. The role of this incredible organisation in achieving that CANNOT be overemphasised  
Here comes a football analogy. I'm very sorry.Ronaldo is a Great player, can't argue otherwise. But if he tried to take on Premier League teams by himself, he'd lose. If he signed a special contract with LA Galaxy he'd do OK but not as good. He's stronger at Real Madrid.#Brexit 
Gagging orders on Brexit, Tommy Robinson, FGM, Grooming and rape gang sentencing? This government is worse than the USSR. Looks like civil war on the cards.  
The thing about Rise is that no-one ever votes for them in elections anyway, so why would their vision of indy be the one to lead us to yes?Plus, if you'd rather take your chances with a hard-right, trump-trade brexit than emulate Denmark, you're not much of a socialist anyway. 
I wrote a Facebook post about Brexit that was shared by 500 strangers in 48 hours. My tweet about an argument between strangers on the tube has been 'liked' 2,200 times since Saturday. Meanwhile my first academic article has been cited once in 5 years. Am I... wasting my life?  
This Brexit nonsense is really starting to annoy me now. It is abundantly clear that Britain will be permanently damaged by any form of Brexit. It is reckless and irresponsible to continue with it. There is probably already a majority against Brexit. We need a #PeoplesVote 
It is so easy to scare people. You can freak people out on Italy just like Brexit and Greece. While i see that fear happening i refuse to stoke it. It will just hurt too many long-term investors.... 
Tim Martin:"Theresa May is a decent person, but has boxed herself in. She has made UK appear weak by listening to the fanatics who advocate a deal at all costs.The EU needs a deal more than us, so let them do the running."#Brexit #Leave #EU 
.@jeremycorbyn & @Keir_Starmer have taken absolutely the right approach over @UKLabour’s position on Brexit.Anyone who can’t see that, or who doesn’t wish to see that, are clearly more concerned with keeping Jeremy out of #10. They have worked it skilfully & expertly! 
Van and truck drivers continue to school politicos. Here’s one explaining the #realworld to  #JacobReesMogg re: “frictionless borders” via @LBC#Dover#Brexit 
Mrs May @theresa_may Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. At least one of you seriously needs to rethink your Brexit strategy i.e. reverse it. Not one positive thing will come out of Brexit. Whoever does that wins the keys to number 10 for the next few years.  
They’re desperately trying to damage @jeremycorbyn over Brexit because they know, in the end, @CONservatives will suffer the consequences most. And so, they are doing/trying to do desperate damage limitation. If it doesn’t happen, Tories in trouble. If it does, Tories in trouble. 
People don´t seem to understand that if we are unable to extradite ourselves from the EU then we will have to form part of the new world order which is intended to have two types of people. The elite and those who serve them. Brexit is much, much better by far. 
Turnout in Ireland's abortion referendum by gender compared to the last election.Women mobilised and changed everything. By @IpsosMRBI 
Italian MEP Fabio Castaldo:“We will come back stronger in next election, form a Govt & fight for EU reforms needed for our citizens.We will stand up for our democracy.UK's decision to pursue #Brexit was also “a matter of respect for democracy.”#EU 
Independence: Electing a government the largest percentage of Scots voted for. We can vote them out next time. Brexit UK: Relying on the rUK to hopefully vote the same way as us, but sadly getting Tory governments we overwhelmingly reject. Can't vote them out unless rUK agree. 
Need a laugh after a stressful referendum campaign? Best caption ever...  
"The real cost of Brexit is in missed opportunities"  - good piece by Janan Ganesh on the way time, energy and attention is disappearing down the Brexit whirlpool 
Another good letter in @thetimesHistory will indeed judge Cameron’s gvmt harshly but it will be nothing compared to May’s and her ‘quick and thoughtless’ implementation of this Brexit of her choosing.  
Absolutely. For all the talk that Labour support Tory Brexit, they are actually responsible for stopping it.  Key to that was voting through A50, because it meant that the Tories couldnt make GE17 about Brexit and paint Labour as ignoring the referendum.  
I'll stop banging on about the referendum eventually but seeing this, the political cartoon that hit me harder than any other in my life, reprinted in the IT yesterday really reminded me of magnitude of what we've done. What the nation did to Mis X & Y will never happen again.  
.@ClareDalyTD is being hugely overlooked in the ‘winners of the referendum’ thinkpieces. Her bills in last Dáil prompted discussions, encouraged testimonies, and changed the weather of the debate. FG likely would not have volunteered a Citizens’ Assembly without that impact first  
the most amazing thing about the referendum to me is how much the yes side won it by, i was convinced that if we were gonna win it we’d win it by just the skin of our teeth like but the fact only one county in Ireland voted no! 
A must-listen:Brexit reality from @donnyc1975 meets Brexit ideology from JRM.Guess which one makes sense?#StopBrexit and save jobs. 
Summary:1. Comparing Our Irish Abortion Vote with the Brexit poll is disingenuous.2. They're totally different.3. After all, Our Irish Abortion Vote delivered the correct result.4. Whereas the Brexit vote was literally Fascist.5. And must be overturned.6. That's all, folks!  
WATCH - The Moment Van Driver Who Went Viral Takes On Jacob Rees-Mogg On Customs Union  / #EU #Brexit  
403 Brexit job losses have been posted at  today alone. The total now stands at 118,000. 
Brexit is a golden opportunity to reshape the way the world trades  via @iealondon 
“Welcome to TV3/RTÉ! The recent referendum result showed that Ireland is no longer a conservative country, beholden to the past. With me to discuss this are the same middle class white men we usually have on and oh, throw in a bishop while you’re at it” 
“I can’t vote for @jeremycorbyn because of his Brexit position”, they squeal. Well, best of luck with the @CONservatives and the consequences of their Brexit. You’ll be enabling that once we come to a General Election. Hope you’re comfortable and well-off. 
We are mobilising young people against Brexit and together we are going to STOP IT! Please support us in our fight! PLEASE DONATE AND RT!!!!   
Soft Brexit is Remain without the Benefits.Let's make Britain Rational: Tell it like it is:Brexit is bad for Britain, whether Soft, Hard, Extreme, Postponed, Fudged. Forget about the adjectives. Stop Brexit. Period. 
Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surge  How low can this despicable, vile government go? 
North east loses another 200 pharma manufacturing jobs, local MP blames Brexit.  
More evidence that opposing #Brexit and supporting a #PeoplesVote on the deal is not only in the national interest, it’s in the electoral interest of @UKLabour 
Yet again the penny has not dropped that his leader's Brexit will only make things worse. I assume that Owen still thinks there is no way to stop Brexit so we may as well force it though against the will of the party members.  
“..number of #Labour’s #Leave supporters in its UK seats may be lower than thought..and would support Labour no matter its position on #Brexit””@guardianWell, surprise surprise . Not. 
DUP don't speak for Northern Ireland, Alliance's Stephen Farry tells EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier #Brexit @irish_news @politicsIN 
'If Scotland wants to hold another independence referendum, your permission is not required. Theresa May’s permission is not required. We will be having our vote, Ruth, and you’re not going to stop it.'@weegingerdug 
Brexit Betrayal latest: Bank of England says Philip Hammond pursuing a ‘deal’ that will leave BoE as a mere “rule taker” from Brussels. And the Gov Dept responsible for leaving the Customs Union has 2k less staff than on Referendum Day. 
Britain, looking at EU after Brexit concludes.  
#Brexit could sink the #Falklands via @RCorbettMEP 
Parliament faces two alternatives on Brexit:1. To withdraw Article 50 notice well before 29 March 2019, reform UK politics & work for reform within EU2. To plan to re-apply for EU membership on worse terms after the self-harm it has wantonly inflicted on UK becomes intolerable 
So #Italy's next elex will apparently be a referendum on € membership. Wasn't this exactly what #EU was trying to avoid at 2011 Cannes G20 when they forced @GPapandreou to scrap #Greece referendum? Two months of uncertainty during campaign can't be good for ez debt. #UscITA 
Thanks to everyone who helped this weekend campaigning for @UKIP in #LewishamEast. The Conservatives aren't conservative, the LibDems are neither liberal nor democratic, and Labour has abandoned the labouring man. People want @UKIP - for a full Brexit and free speech.  
"Laziness is at the heart of Brexit. Lazy ignorance on the part of conceited MPs who do not know the first thing about the EU."  
First, years of mean and useless austerity—and now: Brexit. The rise of poverty and misery in Britain.   
Scotland sells live langoustines to France. Watch as this fishermen explains how Brexit and customs delays endangers that @AlynSmith 
BBC news in general is perfectly good. It's based on genuine fact and provides realistic analysis.But.BBC Brexit news in particular is junk. It's based on bullshit, it's specious, ignorant and permanently stupid. 
#r4today Just a quick reminder to John Humphries as he pedals his doom and gloom about the Euro and Italy, the Pound is currently buying 1.15 Euro prior to the morons voting for #brexit it was trading at 1.31 to the pound... may I suggest that the pound has collapsed 
More evidence of how the bloody EU screwed us by calling a referendum then lying and making impossible promises so we’d vote to leave. Damn them to hell! 
Critically important research on the attitudes of @UKLabour voters from @BestForBritain. As @eloisetodd concludes, the message is clear: standing against #Brexit would be good for the country and good for the party.   
You can assess someone by the company they keep & #Brexit keeps very bad company:- this 'little people'-hating Tory Govt- Vladimir Putin- non-UK-tax-paying billionaire Press Barons- millionaire/billionaire Hedge Fund Managers- disaster capitalists (Legatum, etc)#StopBrexit 
READ: Momentum activists urge Labour leadership to give members a vote on Brexit  
I've come round to the idea of a 2nd referendum. 'This deal or Remain'. 
Whitehall machine is so consumed by Brexit it can barely function says Nicola Sturgeon  #Referendum2018 
That needs fixing:UK decides to leave the Single Market to keep British companies from new €500m defence fund after Brexit.  
The National: The First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon, has noted in Brussels that a decision on a second referendum on Scotland's independence could still be taken in the next few months. #indyref2 
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum #RepealedThe8TH 
Two years after the Brexit vote, Project Fear may be coming true | 
The real cost of Brexit: all the things that are not being done It's not just the damage that Brexit is causing, it's all the problems that aren't being solved because of it. 
Of course Dave. When interest rates rise, 'and they will' all the banks will go back into massive profitability. But the Tories in typical fashion don't want that in the public domain! "IT IS THEFT!" No publicly owned company should be sold off without a referendum!  
Brexit weekly briefing: Britain accused of 'chasing a fantasy'  
"Establishment replaces an Italian electorate of 46,505,350 with an electorate of 1."  If you read just one #Brexit piece this morning about the EU's Italian crisis, make it this one:  
This is the greatest issue facing the whole UK for a generation.The @UKLabour leadership must not deny its members their rightful say.It's time to recognise reality and accept that there is no such thing as a 'jobs first #Brexit'  
#QuestionTimeTravel to October 2016 when Alex Salmond predicted that a second Scottish independence referendum would be held if a plan which represented the interests of Scotland was rejected during the process of Brexit negotiations #bbcqt 
Dennis from Orkney didn’t listen to the claims made in the 2014 White Paper, and “won’t be falling for their promises this time either”. If you agree with Dennis then join the majority against another unwanted and divisive referendum, sign up here:  
"entrepreneur, Brexit is coming sooner than you think". Dutch business lobby to hold series of meetings to prepare the tens of thousands of companies doing business with the UK. At least one country on the North Sea is preparing for Brexit.  
My article on Brexit Central: Its time to stand tall, once more, as a sovereign, independent and prosperous country.  
Betraying Leave voters will be political suicide for the Tories.#Brexit  
If we ignore the public vote to leave the EU, should we also ignore the public vote in General & other Elections? If Corbyn chose to ignore the public vote, he would be quickly accused of ignoring democracy & behaving like a Dictator - which would suit Tories & Coup MPs.#Brexit  
Is it not now obvious to everyone, even our blinkered, cowardly PM, that Brexit is a thoroughly bad idea and must be stopped? Not in the autumn or at the last minute, but now, immediately, today. There is just no reason to continue to inflict this harm on the country. #StopBrexit 
#Brexit has completely divided  the country on the most important event in Britain in the last half-century and Labour’s answer is to copy the Tories’ policy. What. 
Maybe Pope Francis and Emma Bonino will together cut the cord on Ireland's first abortion clinic when he visits in August. After his silence on the Referendum it is clear his opposition to abortion is superficial, despite his words on the subject. 
."British manufacturers on Tuesday said the government should abandon one of its main customs proposals for after Brexit, criticising the so-called “max fac” option as unrealistic & a waste of money.". 
I agree with an awful lot of this by @nick_clegg The hardline brexiteers are showing that they are panicked that #brexit is collapsing as reality bothers and many 2016 leave voters speak out as #RemainernowWe need a #peoplesvote to stopbrexit 
Sturgeon hits nail on head as she cites Johnson, Gove and Rees-Mogg as “mad Brexiteers” who are controlling Theresa May. 
CARTOON: The four stages of #Brexit: deception, coersion, disaster and victim-blaming. #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Labour MPs' fear of #Brexit voters could be unfoundedIn a study of all 650 UK parliamentary seats, the pro-remain group @BestForBritain found numerous examples of Labour-held constituencies where remain supporters outnumber the MP’s majority#FBPE 
What nonsense is this. God, they are OBSESSED with Labour. @CONservatives, with the DUP, have a majority and are “negotiating” Brexit. We are a Democratic Party and respect the result of the referendum: TO LEAVE. As was in our manifesto. Brexit belongs entirely to Tories.  
Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surgeFining people who turn their back on Brexit Britain to keep their families together is another desperate act by a desperate government 
The EU GDPR (new data protection system) has caused companies around the world to change. Even when operating outside of the EU. The EU has a big enough market to set global standards.We couldn't even get Mark Zuckerberg to sit down with us. Brexit is weakening this country. 
A form of scalping? An effort to stop people leaving? “Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surge - The Independent  
Labour MPs' fear of Brexit voters could be unfounded, study says  
After the Windrush scandal you’d have thought the Home Office would want to clean up its act, instead it’s cashing in on Brexit @joswabe @BritishInEurope  
Excellent Richard Corbett sets the Express hyperventilating:how I hope this is true & will materialise! “Labour's leader in Brussels sparks FURY by hinting party is open to 'reconsidering Brexit' - Express  
This is big: Chief Brexit negotiator of the EU makes it clear the EU will not give the ICO a place at the EDPB table and the one stop shop mechanism after Brexit. All those relying on UK presence as EU presence brace yourselves for March 2019 #EUDataP #GDPR 
'SHOW SOME STEEL!' Brexit-backing Wetherspoon boss urges May to prepare for NO DEAL  
The situation in Italy right now is precisely why @jeremycorbyn campaigned to Remain and Reform, not just to Remain. If more MPs had been honest about the EU, Brexit might not have happened. Instead, Blair, Cameron and Clegg patronised the public. Brexit is on them. #r4today 
BREXITJacob Rees-Mogg is spot on when he says the Prime Minister needs to show some iron, and that the EU won’t get the money they desperately need unless they play ball with Britain. It’s the only way we’ll focus minds across Europe. Without a plan, we’re only planning to fail.  
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum  
It’s time to foster pride, self-confidence and unity in Brexit Britain says @andreajenkyns 
Can someone give this to David Davis & Theresa May please? It's our new @britishineurope survey on free movement: 58% of #UKinEU27 need it for work NOW. Why is the govt not fighting harder so we can keep it?  #brexit #citizensrights 
Government & MPs are sacrificing UK to save face. They handled the referendum incompetently, beforehand, in the legislation, the campaign, & the aftermath. The Act was advisory. Now THEY must take responsibility & put it right. Even #PeoplesVote puts the onus on the electorate. 
well done brexiters-sad for all you people who rely on safety net of the working time directive-your futures will be longer hours less pay less holidays less benefits- & thats the real reality of your brexit britain. WELL DONE FOR SCREWING US ALL OVER-& making the rich richer  
#FantasyIsland news...#Brexit Government won’t accept ‘loss of sovereignty’ involved in being part of #EU, but says it will agree to follow #EU finance rules at any time, as long as #EU follows its rules...which would let #Brexit UK dictate rules to #EU. #Brexitshambles Nuts! 
Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surge  
Sports fans turning every single thing into some sort of moral referendum on the soul of every individual fan is exhausting 
Ireland's abortion referendum has renewed calls for liberalizing Northern Ireland's strict abortion laws, which date to the 19th century  
'SHOW SOME STEEL!' Brexit-backing Wetherspoon boss urges May to prepare for NO DEAL  
After the Irish referendum on abortion, people in Northern Ireland ask: When is our turn? "The North has a lot to learn from the South,” said one woman in Belfast.  
My letter on the abortion referendum got "letter of the day" in today's Irish Independent. #RepealedThe8th 
In pre-conference ‘please the zoomers’ mode Scotland’s pompous plook tells the world, well Politico, that Theresa May is wrong to refuse a referendum. @ukunionvoice @cultfree54 @AgentP22 @lass_ayrshire @athomsonkinross @2351onthelist @Ian_Burnett_ @Del_ivered @mik61scot @BRRSC 
How is it “disdain” of foreigners to congratulate the Irish people on a decision that they themselves made in a referendum?  
And MY message to Europe is, I WANT to be part of the EU! I've enjoyed the benefits for over 40 years, and I ain't prepared to lose 'em because of bloody Brexit! I voted REMAIN and REMAIN I WILL!!! @A50Challenge #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll  
Brexit: the state of play - we are at crisis point, and unless industry, and just about everybody else, starts ringing alarm bells, we are going to go under. Yet the High Priests of the Brexitocracy continue to churn out their endless tosh...  #Brexinfo. 
/2 And she is also getting on with her day job. Scotland has never been governed so well. The Tories are too pre-occupied with Brexit of which positives are very difficult to find and are totally hypocritical when it comes to referendums. Hate the UK? No hate being governed by WM 
Then perhaps you would be willing to share the 'benefits' of Brexit to everyone in the UK? Don't forget that Nicola, unlike Theresa May, is listening to approx 50% of Scotland who include cross-party (inc. Tories) & non- voters, who seek independence for Scotland. #ScotlandCan 
UK must 'fully' leave EU customs union: Johnson #Brexit  
Except he's not running and even if the Vichy Dems win the House (the Senate looks very much out of reach) they aren't going to do sweet f*ck all to stop him... so it's not a referendum on Trump, it's a midterm.  
"Midterms will be referendum on Trump"  
Fears of bad Brexit deal raise tension between Bank and Treasury, report says  
Manufacturers ask Britain to drop 'max fac' post-Brexit customs proposal  
A #PeoplesVote will fight the racism festering beneath Brexit- the first of a three-part article series by @FFSake_ campaigners…g-beneath-brexit/ 
She's throwing #Brit citizens in jail for practicing their #FreeSpeech. Did #UK citizens think she'd stop at that? Now, Totalitarian State, @Theresa_May, is gag-ordering Ministers. May acts no better than #Merkel.What globalist elites for NWO are up her skirt? #BRexit  
Join us for a lecture by Prof Fiona Mackay on the prospects and pitfalls for gender equality and women’s rights post-Brexit. Tuesday, 5 June. Register:   @genderpol @UNSWLaw @UNSWArts 
Never say Labour can't stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Brexit Explained  
Incredible as it sounds a deputy governor of the Bank of England is accusing Hammond and May of surrendering completely to Brussels in financial affairs so that post-Brexit the Bank will be a rule-taker not a rule-maker. Funny, that it balks only when it itself is threatened.Sad. 
In an election, constituencies matter.70% of constituencies with Labour MPs voted leave.Most marginal seats that Labour need to win voted leave.‘Stop Brexit’ position would mean we would be unelectable and unable to clean up the inevitable mess from a bad Tory Brexit deal. 
Former Swiss president claims the vote on Brexit was not direct democracy, but stupidity.I don't know what I like better: his frankness or the fact that the article appears in the Europhobic Express  
I thought this remark was from an ignorant fascist troll... Oh well, seems I was justifiably mistaken... Very little to distinguish ignorant fascist trolls from some Tory MPs these days. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Friday's @TheScotsman column: @RuthDavidsonMSP's London speech last week argued for a new Unionism - but in truth, her link with the brawling, Brexit-obsessed UK Tories is now her greatest liability, in trying to create a new Scottish Conservatism....   
Jeremy Corbyn urged to give Labour members a say on #Brexit.75% of @UKLabour members back another referendum & nine out of ten want to stay in the single market.If Labour wants to beat the Tories & avert economic disaster it needs to back a #PeoplesVote. 
Yes, I was all for indy but now the growth commission made me realise that a hard british brexit with trump-trade, US-style healthcare, no protection for workers or environment and sub-standard food is much more appealing...  
Going to bed dreaming of a time before Brexit and wondering what I actually did with myself?! Thank you to all my fellow amazing Remainers but also those leavers willing to engage. We have to navigate this together as we are stuck on an island! Let’s have #FinalSayForAll  
Newspaper headlines: Bank's Brexit fears and Kylie turns 50  
I know! IMAGINE doing what you were elected to do! Elected with more seats than ALL OTHER PARTIES COMBINED. 62% Scots said, we leave UK if we leave EU. Now she's doing what she gets paid for. It's a strange concept to tory supporters. Enjoy your Brexit. We're having indy.  
My parents, practising Catholics, are mortified by the antics of the likes of the Iona Institute during the referendum, a gaggle of fringe headcases who think the pope isn't Catholic enough who have hijacked their faith and it disgusts them 
The EU is introducing barriers that will stop UK firms from bidding on EU projects. Although this is will upset the Leavers, damaging UK industry was what they voted for when they voted for Brexit. Remember Leavers - it is not too late to fight to #StopBrexit 
Abortion referendum allows Roscommon to shake off its tag as 'the Alabama of Ireland' 
Zebari hates Iraqi parliament more than any as it was this parliament impeached this "corrupt" man. He was enjoying the position of Finance Minister of Iraq, but this parliament sent him back to Erbil. After blindly supporting Barzani's referendum, he loves to return to Baghdad.  
#kinglear never ceases to amaze, shock, break hearts. It’s a #brexit warning, a #partition reckoning, a story of #dowry, #duty and lives of #others under men mad w/power and its loss. A story for our times! #WeThatAreYoung 
A bishop has welcomed the Yes vote in last Friday’s referendum on repealing the Eighth Amendment 
Free speech is an integral part of Irish society and the media shouldn't dictate what is discussed by the people and what isn't. There has been a little authoritarian streak from multiple liberal journalists since the referendum result. This isn't a dead issue, AOD is contentious  
Why is it that it's only the poor who are being made to suffer for the Tories Austerity. How come our taxes can be used for MPs Expenses Royal Weddings Buckingham Palace Big Ben HoC New Rail Links For London Brexit. But they can't be used for the people who really need HELP..  
It is beyond dispute that this Government is determined to give us a Brexit in name only whilst keeping us inside  
Discovery to shut European TV hub in UK as it mulls post-Brexit plan.While MPs argue about different versions of the Brexitshambles, businesses are moving jobs overseas.MPs need to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Maybe Corbyn’s support of Brexit has nothing to do with outdated ideology, but out of a desire to give hundreds of thousands of people seven days a week off, every week.  
It’s time to challenge the conduct of some civil servants over Brexit  via @BrexitCentral 
'A referendum on the euro!' Salvini set to turn Italy election into SHOWDOWN with EU elite  
Former Swiss president claims Brexit vote was 'stupidity, not democracy' in shock attack  
The U.K. has erected trade barriers by choosing to leave the EU. Brexit means brexit. All our high value business’ will be poached by the EU27. It’s begun already. We are the only country in history to enact crippling economic sanctions upon ourselves. 
Field Marshal, The Lord Bramall on Brexit...  
My new 2903cb podcast - Brexit, the intractable problems of the Northern Ireland border, and the excitement of para 49 of the Joint Report. Thanks, as always to @bonisones2 
Ken Clarke labels Brexit the EU referendum as a  "disastrous and a way of bypassing political decisions" which could drive away foreign investment and cause a large part of our economy to move elsewhere. Looking at some of the recent data it appears he is right. #StopBrexit 
How ridiculous is this ? Even the Bank of England is more eurosceptic & pro-Brexit than our "Brexit in name only" Chancellor & Cabinet.  
Listening to/readingthe unionists who’re girning about FM Nicola Sturgeon expressing a view onthe #UK & #Brexityou’d think the Union was SacredEstablished by a DeityProtected by Divine WillWhereas in realityit’s a dying sickly enfeebled sorry mess 
'SHOW SOME STEEL!' Brexit-backing Wetherspoon boss urges May to prepare for NO DEAL  
Brexit and white privilege is keeping them from the Halfords bike section 
Going on @ClaireByrneLive shortly to discuss the referendum to #RepealTheEighth & next steps to provide compassionate care in our own country 
UK citizens voted #Brexit June 2016. GB is a swamp strong hold. Soros & his globalist pals are behind this Islamic terror and hate.@theresa_may the destruction of England is happening under your watch. Theresa you will forever remembered for destruction GB.#FreeTommyRobinson 
Strange how a referendum was a good idea when you could offer anything however fanciful - but now the reality of Brexit is on show, the Brexiters have less appetite for ballot boxes, democracy, sovereignty and all that... Brexit is a busted flush and they know it.  
'Brexit means Brexit'  
Brexit speak on a truly stratospheric level in @Telegraph " The EU is building barriers to keep GB out of EU projects"What planet are these Brexiteers on ??? 
Shame on you.  My 95 year old neighbour who DID fight in WW2 despise the likes of you that seek to support their dishonest Brexit trope on the back of his war.“I did not lose a leg so this shower can take us out of the greatest peace project of generations”.You’re a disgrace. 
The last 2 big London marches have had about 50k participants. That's not enough. We need far more. So Remainers please give all the publicity you can to the #StopBrexit section of the #PeoplesVote march on June 23. #Brexit #FBPE 
As Labour Party members, one of whom grew up in the streets of this article, we're both proud our Party fights austerity and gobsmacked that we don't fight Brexit. In any shape, manner or form, Brexit makes this worse.We need no Austerity and no Brexit. 
Remarkable if true: reports that senior figures in Momentum want a vote on Brexit at Labour's annual conference in September.It would be "unacceptable" for members not to have a say, especially since a key part of Jeremy Corbyn's manifesto was to give more power to members. 
From Italian academic and left activist: "Italexit is now a palpable possibility"You would have thought after Oxi and Brexit lessons would have been learned by European establishment. Seemingly not. 
Now failed PM Brown who ruined a world-renowned pension system & sold our gold reserves at rock bottom prices arrogantly calls for a second EU referendum, he should bow out gracefully because he has no intention of representing the people. 
The Telegraph is trying to sell Italians disagreeing with Italians as a “European coup”. There is no end to the dishonesty of the #brexit tendency.  
Italy's fresh election risks being referendum on euro  
Translation: Brexit was a choice to limit British companies' access to an EU defence fund  
Brexit trade deals done after we leave the EU will lead to the UK market being flooded with cheap imitations of food products protected under EU law which will undermine British food producers. By staying in the EU we protect British jobs in the food industry. #StopBrexit 
More shock that Brexit means Brexit. UK defence and aerospace industry is heading for a world where it is nowt more than a tier 2 supplier to the US.  
this @DataProgress analysis of the potency & popularity of the Medicaid expansion even in GOP areas is very relevant & important today, *especially* with a referendum on the issue likely making the November ballot in Idaho:  
Like you, I read it every day. The hostility is to the utter madness of Brexit - their reporting is carried out with sorrow and disbelief rather than anger. The values that are threatened here are the same ones imperilled in the US. So, there's detectable sympathy as well.  
The United Kingdom has found a Brexit opportunity ... paying to NOT be British. Let me repeat that, paying NOT to be British.#fbpe 
EU builds barriers to keep British companies from new €500m defence fund after Brexit 
5 questions about  that still need answering @InFactsOrg#Referendum #cheat #dataprotection #money 
Second Brexit referendum would see UK vote to remain in EU, new polling analysis shows  
Do you have referendum leaflets and ephemera? We are creating an archive of same would you please consider donating to the Archives? (both yes and no campaigns) email archivist@corkcity.ie thanks 
“We're on the road to Car-mageddon: From JOHN NEILL, the boss of Britain's biggest automotive firms, a devastating indictment of how hard Brexit will drive his industry to ruin.”This is a superbly written, informative piece. In the Daily Mail.  
Quite. In any case I’m sick referentards saying “it’s democracy, respect it”. The EURef wasn’t democratic: we weren’t clamouring for a referendum, we were made to have one. Electoral malpractice took place. The police are involved. #Brexit is a coup and now the people know it.  
New video of the repression of the Spanish occupation forces against peaceful voters during #Catalonia's independence referendum last Oct. 1st, circulated today.#RogueSpain. Europe, open your eyes 
Abortion referendum highlights the absurdities of Brexit 
Desperately trying not to make a brexit joke #BritainsGotTalent 
Now, how can we fuck over ppl that have managed to escape Brexit fallout - Government hikes fees to renounce British citizenship after Brexit foreign nationality surge.  
SHARE- Under Theresa May’s current plans Brexit is going to take longer than both WW1 & WW2! Just to show how incompetent our politicians are & how much they are fighting against the people’s Brexit vote. If they can’t or won’t deliver Brexit they aren’t fit to be in Parliament  
This is how Nigel - an MP and member of the @Conservatives party - chooses to speak to people expressing views that challenge him.A Brexit ‘conversation’ from an undignified MP with nothing constructive to offer.  
Bank holidays also cost the economy millions. I’m not quite sure why this would be a focus of the opposition leader when the country is being crippled by Brexit. #populism #WATON 
EXC: Britain on the brink of ‘open skies’ deal with US to keep planes flying after Brexit.  
Italy's next government will take fight to Brussels and support Britain over Brexit, vows leading Five Star politician 
Wrote this 3 years ago after Junker said "there can be no democratic choice against the European treaties". Before Brexit and before Corbyn. Since then the European establishment, like the Bourbons, have learned nothing and forgotten nothing. Its why the EZ won't survive.  
Even the top military brass can see how stupid #Brexit is.  
"Midterms will be referendum on Trump"  
The coming vote in Italy “will be a referendum on Europe, on the euro and on the Italian constitutional model,” a political analyst said  
EU already has trade deals with these nations Johnson is visiting such as Peru, Chile, Colombia and is improving them. This buffoon is recreating the status quo and claiming credit for it. What will he credit Brexit with next...inventing the wheel?  
Foreign affairs is not in the remit of the devolved administrations.Who's paid for Sturgeon's trips to the EU capitals?If it's the British tax-payer, how can this be justified?Surely, this is a breach of the entire devolution settlement?#Brexit  
I spoke to @BBCNews earlier about political crisis in Italy & how Italians may see elections which are expected soon not just as a referendum on the euro, but as a referendum on democracy itself - as their last chance to send a signal to Brussels that the status quo cannot go on  
Former Swiss president claims Brexit vote was 'stupidity, not democracy,He is 100% correct of that there is no doubt !    #FBPE 
Glad to announce that @TheNewEuropean will be giving me a regular spot to mouth off about Brexit for the next while, or until I have ridiculed and thwarted Brexit into oblivion, so please support The New European  
Former MI6 chief warns that Britain must not join an EU Army, as UK officials continue to participate in moves to integrate EU forces and defence procurement:  #Brexit 
Establishment have  made a martyr of #TommyRobinson #FreeTommy 388,000 signatures & still climbing. Brits anger about rape of our children,attempt 2 take away our Freedom of Speech,dual law system,appeasement of migrants, betrayal on #Brexit is finally surfacing #BRITSHADENOUGH 
Cut back on her devolved powersAnd maybe have a referendum in England,Wales and N.I to see if we still want ScotlandTo be part of the U.K.Watch her panic then.  
“The Whitehall machine is consumed by Brexit almost to the exclusion of everything, I don’t think that’s healthy for governance generally’ says Sturgeon who would happily put IndyRef2 before Scotland’s education, NHS, jobs & growth  
Theresa May is walking into an EU trap to derail Brexit and betray Leave voters:  
Is it me or is this guy not making any sense?"If you've been living here for three decades I can't take you seriously". How long do EU citizens have to have lived here before we are taken seriously? And that old chestnut, "go back to Italy if you don't like Brexit". Yawn.  
Yeah but .......he dressed up in a leotard and imitated a cat......on Celebrity Big Brother.                    ..............And he campaigned for Brexit  
You would think that we wouldn't want to do the Bosnian War all over again, yet the Respublika Srpska is buying arms & calling for an independence referendum. This as Russia & Turkey start to replace the US & EU influence. @markmackinnon 
Italy's next government will take fight to Brussels and support Britain over Brexit, vows leading Five Star politician  via @Telegraph The Insurgency continues 2 Grow. 
Therefore you would still have to have a legislative fight. A divisive referendum would just delay #womensrights longer. Politicians need to just get on and do this. Since Stormont can’t and won’t, Westminster must. #NorthernIrelandNext 
We disagree with calls for an abortion reform referendum in Northern Ireland. No group should have to appeal to another for their fundamental rights. It’s not constitutionally required and so wouldn’t be legally binding. 
Under the 1976 Wildlife Act it is prohibited to interfere in any way with a nest containing unhatched eggs or fledglings. Our country now affords better protection to wild birds than humans. @declanganley #Referendum #whatweretheythinking 
What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. You're fiddling around with bank holidays . How about you turn yourself into leader of the opposition and bloody do your bloody job. BREXIT is bringing the country to its knees . Labour voter all my life  NOT any more. 
Remainers Leaver Gary has answers to all your #brexit questions trade aviation the rocket science involved with galileo he stands ready to answer them all please ask away and RT  
The Latest on the Irish Abortion Referendum: 'No Going Back' for Women's Rights in Ireland  
Never forget. This man asked people to vote on #Brexit. Without defining what Brexit meant. Without carrying out any projections of consequences. All in an (unsuccessful) attempt to settle an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted his mates and f***ed off into the sunset.  
I will just leave this here...#willofthepeople #remainernow #peoplesvote #brexit #StopBrexit 
Im exhausted with repeating the same old same old 2 ppl asking me questions like I'm some kind of Brexit Oracle. Let me make this clear..I support Corbyns opposition 2 austerity & his economic plan, I trust him based on his record & I stand with the labour manifesto. I Trust him 
Too many British workers will have a permanent break if you get your hard Brexit  
Thanks to @ITWomensPodcast for having me in today. Enjoyed our conversation about the referendum, our country and next steps. Have a listen at the link below  
Brussels Bastards remind me of Pres. Ceaucescu of Romania.So convinced they are universally loved and respected that they can't tell jeering from cheeringFree us from their deluded fantasies!Viva Brexit!  
'A spokeswoman for Discovery said “This has nothing to do with Brexit and everything to do with technology innovation being core to our company and brand.”  
Theresa May blasted by Jacob Rees-Mogg for failing to prepare for a ‘no-deal’ Brexit  
The EU has often overturned or ignored votes in member states. Today they have rejected a democratically elected government in Italy, whilst they also reject Brexit and fight against us. But look at their track record too..  
Britain has an opportunity to rewrite its agricultural policy for the better. The subsidy system after Brexit should safeguard the rural environment and reward results, says @thetimes 
"We are not guaranteeing the same rights for @BritishInEurope as promised by both Leave and Remain, but we are hiking fees if you want to feel secure". Why are you cashing on insecurity? I thought Brexit will bring so much money anyway...right? Right?  
Attended an explosive and highly impassioned talk by Will Hutton and Andrew Adonis about the possibility of reversing Brexit. David Davis the Brexit secretary was in the audience too  #HayFestival2018 
A #peoplesvote with #Remain option is not just credible but is becoming essential given the fact Brexit reality is so far from the fiction promised in 2016 & with so many leave voters speaking out as #remainernow MPs must ask themselves what side of history they want to be on! 
Also the result in the Irish referendum gives the right to every woman to choose. Those opposed to abortion now also have the right, but no-one is forced to exercise it. The result in the Brexit referendum forcibly deprives everyone of their EU rights, giving no additional rights  
Wouldnt it be a relief if parliament just called he whole thing off as any brexit is damaging. #StopBrexit 
NORTH CAROLINAYour state legislators are trying to sneak in a dangerous Convention of States referendum.Their is a wonderfully written opposition to it available to you! Please read @1SnoozyQ ‘s thread and others with #NoConCon to learn more.#NoConCon4AnyReason 
Leading 5Star MEP vows to protect UK from Brexit 'punishment'  
I doubt many of the Ukip MEPs will remain with the party post Brexit day.Gerard Batten has clearly embarked on a new "Street Ukip" strategy. Turning Ukip into a Tommy Robinson fan club ought to be anathema to democratic mainstream Eurosceptics who'd  have shunned EDL/Pegida  
Serious question: Why is it always the emotionally stunted types like IDS, Redwood, Raab, Heaver, JHB & Hopkins the people that you couldn't stand to be in the same room with that support Brexit?  
This promises to be an important and timely speech by @TomTugendhat. At a time when Britain needs to re-think its overall strategy given Brexit and the shifting priorities in US policy, the Foreign Office has lost oversight of large slices of international policy + is underfunded  
As Ireland’s referendum ended its old abortion ban, Trump takes money from clinics to go backwards in the opposite direction. Ireland’s people decided; in the US, politicians bought by the 1% decide for us. 
I’m part of the plot to subvert Brexit, but shhhh don’t tell anyone! #PeoplesVote 
'A referendum on the euro!' Salvini set to turn Italy election into SHOWDOWN with EU elite  
I’m on the Eurostar crossing the places where 100 years ago young Europeans killed each other in their thousands, and I can’t help thinking what a historic disaster Brexit is. 
This bunch of cunts in government can always find a way to squeeze more money out of their citizens misfortune. Fuck the #Tories and fuck #Brexit 
Women and men have worked tirelessly for months in the referendum campaign, it’s time for our politicians to do the same and pass the legislation as speedily as possible. #together4tomorrow 
"The least worst option for the UK is to remain within the customs union and the single market." Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland's First Minister, says the UK could risk a "no deal outcome" if it doesn't clarify its position in the Brexit negotiations.  
Doncha wish your leader was clear like mine?Doncha wish your leader could speak like mine?Doncha? Doncha?#Brexit #NicolaSturgeon 
Discovery Channel is shedding 100 jobs in London because of Brexit. That's over 117,000 jobs lost so far, and we haven't even left yet. 
The Minister for Health @SimonHarrisTD has confirmed that the legislation giving effect to the referendum will be introduced in the #Dail before it breaks for its summer holidays. @rtenews 
UK govt's plans for a 'no deal' Brexit have ground to a halt making it nearly impossible for May to walk out of EU talks, money has not been spent on contingency plansSenior British Brexit official: “Our preparedness for no deal is virtually non-existent” 
I sincerely hope that those that foisted Brexit and it's disastrous consequences on this country, are held to account in the long term. All of them. Especially Theresa May and her ship of fools. #StopBrexit 
For every 17 Leave voters, there were 16 Remain voters, 12 non voters + at least 3 not allowed to vote. How dare you dismiss all of those who didn’t vote for the xenophobic ideology of Brexit. We work and love our children too + we are the majority. 
Tory 'Big Beast' Clarke warns of 'disastrous' #Brexit impactKen Clarke was the headline guest in Spalding on Friday for a question-&-answer session on Brexit & its impact on South Holland & the Deepings, as well as nationally#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Doctors who qualified in other European countries made up 9% of those on the UK medical register in 2017. #Brexit negotiations must recognise the importance of the free flow of medical staff, reports @bmjcareers article  
If the unholy alliance between Progress and the AWL - an organisation Progress once branded “Trots” - actually wanted to stop Brexit they’d direct their message at the public. The obsessive focus on the Labour leadership makes me think they just see Brexit as a useful wedge issue 
The real cost of Brexit is in missed opportunities  
I asked Rees-Mogg at a recent Tory lunch which he thought was worst for our country, a bad Brexit or Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister. He plumped for the bad Brexit. That tells you he’s not a campaigner, he’s a fanatic. #notmycupoftea 
#Brexit not just hitting economy, jobs & rights - also hitting Arts/ Culture/Entertainment.  'Discovery to shut European broadcasting base in London as the US TV giant behind Animal Planet & Eurosport etc mulls post-Brexit plans for a new continental hub.”  
#DUP don't mind if abortion is imposed on Northern Ireland so long as they get direct Westminster rule. But that won't happen. So the way to secure abortion rights is a referendum which the #DUP will lose badly. This can topple Theresa May. Prepare for a general election. #bbcpm 
Huge pro-choice rally at Belfast City Hall tonight in the wake of referendum result in the Republic  
I voted remain in spite of the sheer ineptitude of Stronger In: a fan club encouraging us to thank the EU for apparently saving us from destruction. Instead of learning the lessons of failure or winning people over, they’re now stamping their feet claiming Corbyn can stop Brexit 
.@Rachelagain NUS-USI Women’s officer elect addresses huge crowd at rally for choice following the repeal referendum. Students will organise and fight for the women’s right to choose in the North. #StudentsForChoice 
The abortion referendum result shows that religious bullying cannot last and does no good, as Islamic states should note, writes Libby Purves  
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum  
If Paper Ballot is better than EVM then Referendum by Hands-up is ten times better than Paper Ballot.  
Dear @Keir_Starmer I know you are a remainer. We spoke at an event.... Work together cross party. Brexit is bigger than labour. #fbpe 
Italian President MattarellaThe man ignoring the vote of the people.I was sure of Brexit before i voted - I'm even more sure now.  
An excellent summary of our Brexit plight from a true patriot, wartime hero & armed forces leader, Field Marshal Lord Bramall. In today’s @thetimes . 
The tension in the air today is frightening. You can cut it with a knife. The final insult to our people was the arrest of Tommy Robinson and be they left, right or centre people are furious. Added to this is Mays open betrayal of the brexit project. The clock is ticking people. 
Sarah Sands, while editor of the Sunday Telegraph: 30k readers bailed out.Same Sarah Sands, current editor of #Brexit-sympathizing @BBCr4today: 65k listeners lost. Good job the #BBC isn't a meritocracy. 
The sexual predation of children is a distinctly an predominantly a Caucasian crime in #Brexit Britain. However racism dictates that those must be publicly blamed must be brown or black and preferably Muslim, whatever the facts.  
"Midterms will be referendum on Trump"  
Incredible how the #FBPE crowd choose to wilfully ignore this stuff, while parading around with their EU flag berets on. The EU isn’t some cuddly institution, it has deep flaws that are playing out in front of our eyes. The refusal to address them is why Brexit is still popular 
Interesting letter in @thetimesHere we are pursuing an undemocratic, damaging yet still undefined Brexit in the name of the people whose ‘will’ and motivations are ever-changing. Seems the only constant in this utter mess is ‘govt’s patronising attitude to the electorate.’  
"You’re very keen for the SNP to respect the result of the 2014  referendum, but you’re not so keen on respecting the promises and  commitments that your own party made in order to win it."  Absolutely spot on.  
Voters must learn not to do anything that the EU doesn't like. This is as true in Britain as it is in Italy. This is why Brexit must succeed or else we will have no democracy  
Thanks to the turbulent aftermath of the referendum, we do as a country now understand the importance of the EU a whole lot better.  I suggest that we should resit the exam.  
Increase in turnout among females in Eighth Amendment Referendum.  
Tara Flynn put her life on hold for the recent referendum. She fought honestly on all our behalf.Want to thank her? Here's your chance! #together4yes#RepealedThe8th 
Bloomberg is reporting it's view that BREXIT will not happen - due to the many aspects which have not been properly handled / considered. etc.. We need to continue to fight to Stop Brexit.  
Got some sanctimonious claptrap from a Labour chap about how @LibDems ‘compromised your principles’.Er, Iraq war? On Europe/Brexit? There are none so blind.... 
Alistair Campbell was shut down during a row over Labours Brexit stance by @tom_watson after being told “You no longer decide Labour Party policy”  #Labour #JC4PM 
Always found it ironic how many Brexiters feel the need to ostentatiously proclaim their support for our armed forces when practically every middle & senior ranking military officer I’ve met over the past 2 years thinks #Brexit is a complete disaster and undermines our security. 
Long conversation last night with a mate whose neighbour runs a small chain of successful restaurants - he's struggling because he can't get staff. British people don't want to wait tables any more and EU citizens are being put off by Brexit uncertainty and weak pound. 
"It is time to call out the sanctimonious cruelty of Brexit for what it is. It’s not just about trade, that’s a distraction. It’s a curse on peace and freedom for all."  
Full statement: Greens call for restrictions on referendum and election posters following Repeal campaign. More:  
It seems to me that brexit will take a full assault in June. Marches, @No10Vigil and @SODEMAction and the important @A50Challenge which could stop brexit dead. Keep pushing 
Just presented David Davis with a copy of my anti-Brexit book, launched today. When he saw the dedication, he said ‘I think you mean the other David’!  
Like “Nah, people are too emotional to vote on media objectivity. Oh, but you want to have a referendum about what human rights our society protects? Sounds good!” 
Want to know why those who challenge the direction we're heading are from all parties? (except maybe UKIP)We may disagree on what sort of house we want to live in, but we all know we need bricks.Brexit involves party politics, it isn't about party politics. 
If Soubz was the swing vote for a Brexit vote that would force an election with a likely Labour government, she would vote for the meanest hardest Brexit imaginable and not lose a minute's sleep. 
weird how our feminist prime minister is yet to say anything about the abortion referendum 
Well that's a consequence of Brexit even I didn't predict. Day release of prisoners HMG plans to plug the gap in the UK labour market. 'Swap a Pole for a Prisoner' should have been on the side of the Leave battle bus. Don't remember seeing that one.  
There's a common misconception that there'll be an opportunity to re-negotiate the Withdrawal Agreement and Framework on a Future Relationship after it's been agreed. There won't be. The only choices will be to accept it, Revoke Art50, or a catastrophic no-deal Brexit.  
Looking at Donald Trump and Brexit; it is obvious that it's not left wing politics that has been radicalised but conservatism.  
1979: Contraceptives legalized1993: Homosexual acts decriminalized1996: Divorce legalized2015: Same-sex marriage legalized2018: Referendum paves way for legalized abortionIreland's four decades of social change:  
My take on the deep difference between the #Irish referendum #RepealedTheEighth & the #Brexit ref- the contrast between both exercises in direct democracy could not have been starker   
tbh I don't want a referendum on Article 41.2.1 until the media sorts itself out, otherwise it'll just be an excuse to platform a small bunch of terrible people, representing no one but themselves, telling us why women belong indoors and out of sight. 
Thank you to the 1.42 million people who voted yes and thank you to the thousands of women and men who worked together to make this happen. A people’s  campaign and a people’s referendum for the women in Ireland. @Together4yes @NWCI NWCI 
Err ... Labour ran on as Hard Brexit manifesto and lost the general election. They retained their Hard Brexit position and failed to make any net council gains in the local elections. Please explain how Labour's Hard Brexit position has benefitted them electorally.#FBPE 
now that the referendum is over i can begin posting about cats and the downfall of capitalism again 
"The least worst option for the UK is to remain within the customs union and the single market."Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland's First Minister, says the UK could risk a "no deal outcome" if it doesn't clarify its position in the Brexit negotiations.  
“@jeremycorbyn is facing pressure from members of Momentum to give @UKLabour members a say on #Brexit at the party's annual conference.”As I have said before, #Corbyn is the figurehead, the party is run by mobmentum. 
Nicola Sturgeon "Useful exchange with EU Chief Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier @EU_Commission. FM @NicolaSturgeon “we are committed to continuing our collaboration, friendship and partnership with the EU.”Scotland,s future we decide not Westminster 
Brexit gets the no bell prize  
TV giant Discovery to shut European hub as it mulls post-Brexit plan  
This has 'Traitor' written all over it. Keep yer neb oot, Nippy!BBC News - Sturgeon takes Brexit concerns to Brussels  
Gordon Brown demands voters vote again. That’s any prospect of a second referendum gone....  paging @GuidoFawkes 
You know what people supporting Brexit, Donald Trump and Tommy Robinson have in common?They are all people who insist on an easy answer for complex problems and then start whining loudly when it doesn't work out the way they expected it to go. 
Excellent gloves coming offNicola goes to heart of EU & attacks Mad Brexiters and creates enhanced Scottish Embassy in EU#indyRef2 #Brexit #GrowthCommission@thoughtland @kmckenna63 @iainmacwhirter @MrTopple 
Comparing the Irish abortion vote with the Brexit poll is disingenuous | Brigid Fallan  
"Midterms will be referendum on Trump"  
Just when you thought Brexit couldn’t get any dumber ...  
Next referendum should be for Dublin to get its independence from the rest of the boggers 
Yet another worrying twist to the impact of Brexit on environment in UK  
EEA membership means staying in the single market, a red line for the PM because it would also mean free movement continuing. But more than 70 Labour MPs are pressing Jeremy Corbyn into another Brexit U-turn to back EEA membership.  
We went to Brussels to see if what @BorisJohson says about it is true.. We didn't find many bureaucrats, but we did find some very friendly MEPs and young people. All a bit upset with how brexit is going @SebDance @CharlesTannock @MollyMEP @MichelBarnier @peterfrenchlive 
#Leavers have given up claiming that the UK will be able to strike new trade deals after #Brexit, as that bubble burst. They also seem to have let immigration & cost of membership slide.Their current favourite is that the EU is undemocratic. Well that bubble can be burst too   
Like Leave. EU, Arron Banks, Nigel Farage and many other Brexiters, Matteo Salvini of Italy's Lega Nord is a big fan of Mafia-state kleptocrat Vladimir Putin.Such are the "patriots" of the far right.#Brexit #Italy #LegaNo 
The historic result in Ireland's referendum on abortion has piled pressure on UK Prime Minister Theresa May to reform the law in Northern Ireland, where terminations are still illegal  
Great, he is hated as much as BliarGordon Brown to re-enter Brexit debate  via @MailOnline 
Brexiteers need to learn lessons from what is going on in Italy right now.It has become even more important to UNITE all our Brexit Parties & form a large movement to ensure Brexit is seen thru.EU will try to divide us.Don't let them.United we will win. Divided we may fall. 
COMPETITION TIME: Last week, the Bank of England revealed that the average household is £900 worse off than it was before the Brexit vote.What would you spend your £900 on? Funniest answer wins  
Ann Linde ex Swedish Parl: "It's not possible to have frictionless trade if you are not part of the customs union & the single market."She met with Brexit Secretary David Davis & his Labour opposite number, Keir Starmer.They all know.They just lie 
Why Oh Why has the country got in to a situation whereby a group of Tory clowns are playing god and destroying our kids futures !!..They do not have a clue what damage they are doing with this rediculous Brexit !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
.@MaryLouMcDonald provided leadership in the referendum campaign that other political party leaders could not or did not do, writes @SarahBardon 
The historic result in Ireland's referendum on abortion has piled pressure on UK Prime Minister Theresa May to reform the law in Northern Ireland, where terminations are still illegal  
"A 75% chance that #Brexit won't happen".  Interesting take via @Brexit#BankHolidayMonday 
Wasn't the NHS supposed to be funded by brexit? I'm certain I read that somewhere, on a bus, maybe? #BigFatBrexitLies 
BrexitCentral is looking for an additional Deputy Editor to join our team providing news and analysis of the UK's departure from the EU and promoting a positive and optimistic vision of Britain after Brexit, click for further details →  
Brussels is unwilling to let the UK stay aligned with the EU’s customs rules temporarily after Brexit  
One of my fave referendum moments was when we were told not to openly celebrate the results but when Dublin Central was the first constituency confirmed as Yes, @aideenblackwood popped open a bottle of champagne for all of us live on Sky News. An icon we don’t deserve. 
There are two ways of leaving the euro: through people's decision (e.g. a referendum), or through markets' decision (spreads). Since the election was not about leaving the euro, the President was right not to let the markets decide, hence to protect Italian sovereignty.  
The growing splits in Labour will enable @theresa_may to get the Brexit deal through Parliament  
When dealing with Brexiteers, please keep the following in mind:Not everyone who voted for #Brexit wanted to see the UK descend into an unaccountable a single party state exploiting peoples' worst prejudices to maintain power indefinitely. Some just wanted to have bendy bananas 
EVERY PENNY ‘saved’ (!) in eight years of grinding Tory austerity is going to be pissed against the Brexit wall. The pain, the misery, the deaths caused by this totally unnecessary, but deliberate policy HAVE BEEN FOR NOTHING! Dwell on that for a while. 
British 'linguaphobia' has deepened since Brexit vote, say experts  
There are so many reasons to reunite Ireland:Brexit disaster Border EconomyMarriage EqualityIrish language Multiculturalism Tolerance etcSeparation of legislation and religionPartition under the microscope Partition is bad for us all Let’s make the journey together  
Rahul Gandhi has to frequently go abroad because he is the most influential leader in the world. They want him to resolve Brexit issues in England, North Korea-US issues, civil war issues in Africa, Israel-Palestine conflict in Middle East, he is a busy man. 
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum  
Useful exchange with EU Chief Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier @EU_Commission. FM @NicolaSturgeon “we are committed to continuing our collaboration, friendship and partnership with the EU.” 
"Trump can be undone quite quickly, if Oprah Winfrey or whoever becomes president, but Brexit, you're going to live with it for fifty or a hundred years" - @MazzucatoM #HayFestival2018 
They Literally. Had a say. In a referendum. On Friday.  
Following Carla Lockhart's Hobbit inspired tweet, DUP believe they have found a solution to the Irish Border post Brexit."We believe that it is in keeping with our values and our vision for the future of NI", said someone ...  
So, if I’m reading twitter correctly, what’s happening in Italy is actually really all about Brexit? 
... "It leaves me with the uneasy feeling that Starmer is taking us for fools. He risks enabling Brexit, without the people being given a final say on the deal, on the utterly spurious grounds that no one will know the full consequences of leaving Europe until after we’ve left."  
EU doesn't like dissidents!Denmark; Maastricht Treaty - vote againIreland; Nice Treaty - vote againFrance, Netherlands; EU Constitution - ignoredIreland; Lisbon Treaty - vote againGreece; Euro bailout - ignoredUK; Brexit - being overturnedItaly; Euroskeptics - overuled 
The furious Tory reactions to the Article 50 court case were a warning that the Tory Brexiters have utter contempt for the idea that government must obey the rule of law. Hence also their hatred of the ECJ & ECHR.Their stance is that of criminals & fascists.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
What a typical load of bollocks from Boris Johnson. I used to travel extensively on business throughout South America. Being part of the EU is no hindrance to trading in that part of the world. You just have to go there.. STOP BREXIT.  
Strange that no one is drawing parallels between Italy's EU puppet establishment blocking the people's democratic decision - & the very same thing being done in Britain with Brexit, being sabotaged by an EU puppet UK government led by the EU's own quisling May. 
This is just silly. The Tories called the EU referendum. The majority of Tory voters *won* the referendum. And now the Tory party is driving us into Hard Brexit. You’ve decided against Corbyn, as is your right. But for pity’s sake, let’s have some intellectual honesty.  
Tough question, post-Ireland referendum: Why is the pro-life lobby seen not as a prophetic human rights movement but an attempt at domination by a hegemonic institution, such that resisting it is regarded as a positive act of freedom and autonomy? 
Spanish police viciously beating young people, elders, children,... Just because they were Catalan and wished to vote in Catalonia Independence Referendum last October 1st. So sad this could happen in Europe  
Been thinking about it all weekend & am now convinced we're not getting #Brexit. I don't know where that leaves me tbh.Messes me up politically, as I've had my fill of non-Democracy.I think it might even lead to emigration.I love my country, too much to watch her enslaved. 
Kenneth Clark’s 1969 series, Civilisation.“It’s lack of confidence, more than anything else, that kills a civilisation. We can destroy ourselves by cynicism and disillusion, just as effectively as bombs.” Media-led cynicism towards EU is responsible for our Brexit downfall.  
“Our preparedness for no deal is virtually non-existent,” said one senior British official working on Brexit. “Our ability to deliver a ‘no deal’ outcome recedes with every week that passes.”  
Anyone with ephemera relating to referendum, please contact us at dublinstudies@dublincity.ie;  Important to collect & preserve both YES and NO ephemera. Fantatistic work been done @NLIreland to capture the web content. 
Nicola Sturgeon says "time is running out for the UK" in its negotiations with the EU over Brexit, while remaining in the customs union and single market would help progress talks. More:  
Anybody else notice how everybody on Twitter who claims to have voted Leave in the 2016 EU Referendum who say they would now vote Remain don't have Twitter histories that stretch back to the EU referendum. Sick to death of Remainers pretending to be reluctant Leave voters. #Liars 
Britain's flooding crisis made worse by the EU.Green Brussels bureaucrats have 'banned' river dredging that allows water to drain away.Once we #Brexit we can start dredging again.#HappyDays 
#Brexit Minister Steve Baker calls for the EU to be "wholly torn down" - a move that would cause economic chaos & hardship on a massive scale, but would hugely benefit disaster capitalists & Putin Who are the #Brexit traitors!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Rees-Mogg's SCM company invests in Russia but not in Britain. Its strategy is to invest in higher risk and less regulated markets, hence not the UK. But if Rees-Mogg gets a no-deal #Brexit then the UK will become exactly that kind of market.Brextremist heaven!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Interesting that Britnats are calling for indyref2 to be put to bed, but had no problem wasting billions on a referendum based on Tory squabbling. They need to put the case for the union forward otherwise they are admitting there isn't one!Scotland needs to take back control! 
Brexit: UK must 'come fully out' of EU customs union, Boris Johnson says amid mounting Brexiteer concerns  
.@greenparty_ie out of the traps today calling for restrictions on election/referendum posters in the future.What do you think? 
We call on @theresa_may to refuse to recognise the undemocratic, imposed, technocratic, pro-EU government of Carlo Cottarelli.  This flies in the face of the will of the Italian people.  Read the #Brexit story here:  @10DowningStreet 
As I explained in this piece, choice of Brexit is devastatingly simple. Either whole UK accepts free movement or we have a regulatory border on goods travelling from GB to NI. Either option brings down May. Question is, which and when  
Industries telling government they are finished after Brexit:1. Cars (Ford,Japanese Ambassador)2. Car Parts (Unipart)Insurance (Lloyd’s of London)3. Banking (Goldman, BBA, BoE)4. Aerospace: (Airbus, BA, Rolls)5. Fish processing (up Seafood Grimsby & Humber)6. Add your own  
Nicola Sturgeon's currently in Brussels, attempting to overturn damaging impact of Brexit, and all the while her indyref2 manifesto has no commitment to rejoin the EU and recommends a currency incompatible with a country planning on applyingThat makes her a duplicitous fraud 
“Traditional media is often out of touch. Too much emphasis on polls and polling, not enough attention on the grassroots and allowing communities to tell their stories. It’s why we get blindsided by events like Brexit and Trump.” -@YusufOmarSA #OsloFF #10YearsRising 
Photographer explains how he captured viral photo that came to symbolise the Irish abortion referendum  
Never before has so much effort been expended by so many fighting against a scheme which would, left to its own devices, have failed anyway.Brexit will collapse under the weight of its own contradictions. 
Remainers need to look at how the EU has hi-jacked Italy. They need to understand that only a clean Brexit will allow us an independent future. Any deal will condemn Britain to EU rule and the destruction of Britain. 
"Midterms will be referendum on Trump"  
‘Our preparedness for no deal is practically non-existent,’ says a British Brexit official. The FT is gloating that May cannot walk away since preparations for a no deal have practically ground to a halt. Hammond and May of course are to blame.They must never be forgiven for this 
Dear Taoiseach, it wasn't a quiet revolution. It was loud, it was strong and it was amazing. We've been shouting for 35 years and on Friday more citizens voted than in any other referendum EVER!! We are loud, strong women and together we #RepealedThe8th 
Nicola Sturgeon attacks Gove, Boris and Jacob Rees Mogg as 'mad Brexiteers' after meeting Michel Barnier in Brussels. Renews her call to keep UK in Customs Union and Single Market after Brexit. h/t @PoliticoRyan 
The @Conservatives, with all of the legal expertise in the Party, should not have made  an "in/out" referendum part of the platform without telling The People the limit of the government's authority in the matter. It was reckless and has brought us to where we are now.#Brexit  
Facts:Tories pro hard brexit, no planLabour: Haven't opposed brexitLibdems/Greens: Consistently anti brexitSo if you want to fight brexit, you need to support a party fighting brexit. Not rocket science. 
Bernard-Henri Lévy: 'There are no causes today that mobilise me as much as this one — to convince the English that Brexit would be an unimaginable regression of civilisation'  
Sturgeon has taken her concerns over Brexit to Barnier in Brussels. Talk about fifth columnists! Open collaboration with the enemy. 
A great question from @JMPSimor Freedom of Movement is a massive benefit to both UK citizens and businesses. Do @Keir_Starmer ‘s six #Brexit tests mean Labour will vote against any deal that does not include FoM?Or will they pander to xenophobes?#ExitFromBrexit 
The PM has been wedged by his far right who threaten what? To roll him? They could do that on any issue. Marriage equality referendum succeeded & the same RWNJs squealed like pigs. How is #Uluru more challenging? 
The two men @Andrew_Adonis & Will Hutton whose new book on How To Save Britain from Brexit is Hay must read  
Nicola Sturgeon reiterates her goal for the U.K. to stay in the customs union as she meets Michel Barnier  
Matteo Salvini:"I ask myself, are we a democracy?In Italy, is it the Italians who decide or Germans or French who decide?In a democracy, if we are STILL in a democracy, there's only one thing to do, let the Italians have their say."#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Patrick, the Italians voted in an election, not in an advisory referendum. Their democracy is not"crushed".UK Gov't had no authority to implement the result on its own, which is what  Supreme Court, in effect, ruled: #ParliamentIsSovereign.  We leave it to them to do their best. 
On Brexit, I'm so far to the left of Corbyn I'm off the scale. Look at me: I used to work at the Telegraph. This is how utterly insane Corbyn's position - and our politics - has become. 
Let's do this #ForBritainLeave must mean LeavePlease sign and RT my petition100000 signatures needed for debate in Parliament#Brexit#bbcqt #skypapers 
Austerity has had a devastating impact on ordinary working people, ripping up the social fabric of communities all across the country.Brexit means a further £57Bn of Govt spending cuts to follow, £2,095 per year for every household. It's despicable. 
Lot of angst from Labour supporters about Remainers' criticism of Corbyn. To be clear, we (nearly) all want Labour to 1: prioritise OPPOSING Brexit because Brexit's effects will far outweighs any other policies 2. make Corbyn see this, or change him 
Another reminder that Farage, Redwood and Raab all supported another referendum in the case of a Remain victory. A referendum which would have been a straight replay, not a #FinalSay on the withdrawal deal. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
On Starmer’s insistence that Labour’s 6 tests absolutely stand, a source very close to Labour’s Brexit team told me last week that they see “absolutely no way” how the party can back the deal based on the current direction of travel. 
I see the yoons are complaining that an Indy Scotland could take 25 years to catch up with other countries. Aye, well, the alternative is Brexit Britain where in 5 years time we'll be 30 years behind other countries. 
We’re not asking him to stop Brexit, we’re asking him to get out of the way of stopping it. 
But to go back to the EU and renegotiate is not tenable. Isn’t that your position? If the 6 tests are not met, and they will not be, renegotiation is not the answer. If Brexit was tried & failed then the answer is to #StopBrexit & #Remain . #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Europe in Big Trouble Without Brexit Cash and Negotiators Should Use That to Our Advantage, Says Rees-Mogg   
Sturgeon in Europe with EU officials says she still expects to activate a second referendum in autumn despite lack of Brexit progress, and she emphasises the obvious for the hard of understanding - she still has a "mandate" from 2016.  
Ireland’s referendum shows that some people only like democracy when it gives them what they want  
The Brexit-backing Tory MP @patel4witham questioned the impartiality of the @ElectoralCommUK and said it should either investigate Britain Stronger in Europe or end its inquiry into the Vote Leave campaign 
I continue to listen to all voices in Northern Ireland and to the debate on #Brexit. I had a good discussion with @stephenfarrymla and @sorchaeastwood 
So the abuse still rolls in  3 days after the referendum .. some seriously unhinged people out there. 
UK citizens can be swept off the street, media banned from reporting it, & a democratic referendum result can be twisted and denied.An elected Govt in Italy can be denied by a President because it's anti-EU, & he declares Italy is a colony of Germany.The conflict is growing. 
Scotland uneasy about Northern Ireland gaining Brexit advantage - Sturgeon  
#Food and #farming sectors face disaster under #Government Hard #brexit plans They need #SingleMarket #CustomsUnion FoM - or else #StopBrexit 
Finland's Foreign Minister compared Ireland's #repealthe8th referendum result to a "dirty water source". Now government ministers @KaiMykkanen and @AMVirolainen are speaking out to say this is not Finland's official position on rights for women & girls.  
Leading Tory Brexiter Dominic Raab belonged to a Facebook group whose 'about' page called for privatisation of all healthcare, sale of all council housing and workhouses for debtors. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
If you missed my @NicolaSturgeon on-stage interview, just finished, the video is here (starts at 06:00 min mark): #Brexit #Scotland #Indyref 
Dear @VisitScotland! This is to inform you that 3 years ago Nessie has migrated to Lower Saxony. Brexit, you know? Best regards  
Perfidious Hibernia strikes again. 1st stymies Brexit by going and having a 300 mile border w/UK. Now Irish vote to legislate for abortion putting May under huge pressure to allow same in N Ireland. When will Paddy stop meddling in British affairs? When??  
Note sure how the Daily Mail reconcile these two headlines.  On the left, we must press ahead with Brexit no matter what the cost.  On the right, a devastating indictment of how a hard Brexit will drive the car industry to ruin.  Thank goodness you knew what you were voting for!  
My read=the govt deal would need to pass 6 tests for Labour to vote in favour of itIt won’t, so....we need to hold LAB to voting against govt deal - that’s also what’s best for BritainBy October Labour should be out & proud: No to Brexit Please deliver, @Keir_Starmer 
Reaction the Irish referendum from various parts of the British political spectrum has really highlighted the lack of intellectual seriousness that’s got this country into the mess it’s in. 
Do most of those who voted Remain and lost really want our democracy to be crushed as Italy's is? I think most understand that the result must be implemented, as promised by the Govt when the referendum was set up. Britain will not be brought to heel by the pro-Brussels elite. 
Wow! This is the Daily Mail!  “The car industry benefits the UK economy to the tune of £200 billion a year and supports hundreds of thousands of jobs”Brexit will kill it.“No one voted in the referendum to lose their jobs or their income”#FinalSay 
Is Brexit more or less complex than banning fox hunting? I ask the question because it took more than 4 years for parliament to achieve the latter. If you’re looking for Brexit saboteurs, look no further than the geniuses who lit a 2 year fuse on the process.   
There is NO such thing as EU money - EU has NO money of it's own.EU budget money is from nation state contributions of which UK taxpayers contribute about £13+ Billion.We just cut out the #EU middleman by paying subsidies direct to UK farmers, university research etc.#Brexit  
If your first instinct as a journalist is to interview a man about this referendum, curb that 
LAB should be 20 points up.Centrist Ed Milliband was thrashed 2015 & before him Gordon Brown.Post Brexit the vote is split differently & more than ever with UKIP vote gone largely to the Tories. The media onslaught against Corbyn has been relentless.#IStandWithJeremyCorbyn 
On the very day Italy is being subjected to the EU democracy-crusher it seems Gordon Brown is recommending such a course of action is visited on the UK by forcing another referendum to try and overturn the Brexit vote. Our establishment has lost the plot. 
Abortion referendum in Ireland...No question on implementing the resultEU referendum in Britain...Every effort made by metropolitan, liberal elite to overturn resultThese hapless, patronising, out of touch wankers can’t even see their own fascist tendencies#Brexit  
Labour should be better than this. It should return to its foundational values. It should fight for what is best for the country. Under Corbyn it never will. Because of course the simple fact is: he wants Brexit. And that is why we are where we are. 7/7 
I cannot speak for the others, but my view is: Because he could thereby stop the biggest act of unnecessary self-harm ever seen. No matter how many times he says otherwise, Brexit, by default, means a future only for the few. It is incomprehensible to me how a Labour 1/  
Who would ever have guessed the Brexit coalition would be threatened by abortion? 
Bear in mind the threats made to business people who speak out about Brexit and you have to take this sort of coded warning very seriously.  
Despite the dismal wrangling over Brexit ,it remains intensely moving to see at the NATO Parliamentary Assembly,only 73 years since the end of the Second World War,29 years since the Wall came down,this powerful manifestation of a Europe whole and free and secure #tobecherished 
And - if Mark had bothered to look it up - the Irish referendum _was_ a second referendum! To remove a constitutional amendment endorsed by a previous referendum. Called because it was likely the people had changed their minds 
The Irish knew precisely what they were voting on and voted Yes with a margin of 30 per cent. The British had absolutely no idea and voted for Brexit with a margin of 4 points. Which country has the stronger case for a new vote? #PeoplesVote 
A cool thing about NI not need a referendum (and they don't) is that we will have an all island campaign to push for legislation to allow access. 
Nicola Sturgeon will today raise concerns over Brexit in a meeting with the European Union’s chief negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels. 
@patcondell Leave means Leave.The Government must deliver the will of the people.Please share this petition.#Brexit must mean #Brexit 
It still seems that a few Leavers have yet to grasp that it is a fundamental democratic right to oppose any policy no matter how that policy was arrived at. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Talking to a friend whose set up his company in bulgaria due to brexit ... 500 € - company / re-registered vehicles / insurance .. everything .. time to make the move I think ... my insurance broker won’t be happy .. I spend 10k a year with them .. it’ll go to bulgaria instead 
The Galileo space row shows the mess of Brexit in microcosm | Philip Ball  
Ian Duncan Smith - the man who faked a university education on his cv, and who always just says "rubbish" when ever he's presented with any evidence he finds inconvenient.The 'brains' behind Brexit. 
@PoliticoRyan, POLITICO’s political editor, discussing #Brexit, @ScotParl views on EU (Withdrawal) Bill and more with FM @NicolaSturgeon . Watch live stream here  
Would any ordinary voter in Britain look across at all that is kicking off across the EU27 right now and think: "you know what? I think we've made a bloody awful decision with Brexit, let's have some of that EU stability instead." 
You clearly haven’t thought hard enough @Keir_Starmer. Your duty is to do the right thing for the country. Your current position adds a layer of huge respectability to #corbyn and #Brexit. You lie down with dogs you get fleas.  
Today in Brexit means free trade agreements with countries we already have free trade agreements with, I present: Chile.  
To those that think toppling Corbyn is going to magically stop Brexit.Opinion amongst the electorate has barely shifted. Why not take your campaign to the people, rather than lazily expecting Labour to commit electoral suicide on the altar of your delusion? 
WATCH LIVE NOW as @PoliticoRyan sits down with @NicolaSturgeon to discuss #Brexit and Scotland’s place in Europe:  
Yes, let's solve a  chronic skills shortage caused by multilingual, highly educated, EU citizens leaving post Brexit by replacing them with untrained criminals. That'll work! #unbelievable #doctors #nurses #itworkers 
But is Starmer being disingenuous? I personally asked him what a Labour vote against May's Brexit deal would mean in practice. He said it would mean 'Go back to the negotiating table.' That is not good enough! Failure of his 'tests' should mean REMAIN IN THE EU.  
Looks like the Italian President will overide the will of the Italian people & appoint unelected bureaucrats to run the Government whilst calling another election.The EU establishment have declared war on the populist movements. Brexiteers must form a Brexit Alliance now. 
Spot the difference?.. This is a woman who has taken the initiative to ensure Scotlands position is clear and is being treated with the respect she deserves.Oh! And this is our UK Brexit negotiator being wondering why he isn't getting the same respect?   
A NY Times report on the effects of Tory Austerity policies on the UK that you'll never ever see in The Sun, Daily Mail, Daily Express, The Times, The Telegraph or increasingly on the BBC. #r4today #BrexitIn Britain, Austerity Is Changing Everything  
So tired of this 1. The Irish are perfectly entitled to have a second referendum- as are we.2. Legalising abortion means what it says. Brexit has 101 different meanings and Parliament and the public have the right to a say on which one is foisted on us  
How ignorant can you get, Roland? There are 100+ countries in the world that trade with the EU without being part of it. So there IS an option to allow the UK to trade with the EU without remaining part of it.  It’s called “Brexit”.  
Heartbreaking to see this map. To think our kids and artists will miss out on the opportunities this brings post Brexit.  
Starmer taking to Twitter to spell out that as things currently stand and where heading, Opposition would vote against PM’s Brexit deal, if reached, on account of failing “six tests” and if meaningful vote Lords Amendment passes too, then Commons in driving seat on next steps...  
Three years on from the Marriage Referendum same-sex couples are still waiting for parts of the Children & Family Relationships Act to be commenced. Learning from that we must keep the pressure on for swift enactment of the promised abortion legislation #8theref @Together4yes 
Putting sun cream on toddlers. Up there with negotiating a Brexit that will work for all. 
'Gordon Brown to re-enter Brexit debate to join demands for a 2nd referendum'If Gordon Brown is the answerWhat on Earth is the question...#LetsGetOnWithIt #Brexit 
On #BankHolidayMonday let's send the Government a message.#Brexit must mean #BrexitSign and RT my petition here 
Priti Patel demands new probe into Remain spending and questions Electoral Commission impartiality | Boris Johnson stresses the need for the UK to come “fully out” of the EU customs union | FT claims that plans for a ‘no-deal’ Brexit have ground to a halt  
EU POWERGRAB IN ITALY: - Pro-EU President blocks anti-Euro Economy Minister- Calls for him to be impeached- New elections could be referendum on Euro  
It’s Monday.And the amount of time and resources squandered on #Brexit is scandalous. We should be focusing on the issues which led to the deep divide in the country. Brexit will make things worse.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
We are well past the point of fiddling with Brexit. After two years the facts are clear and damning. Like the poll tax, Brexit is impossible and unmanageable. Scupper it now before it scuppers Britain. #FBPE 
This a huge part of why it’s impossible to ‘get behind’ Brexit. Because leading Brexiters do not engage sanely or honestly with the weak points of their idea and their red lines.  
One of Britain’s best Brexit bloggers reveals the excuses that leavers are hiding behind, and why they won’t wash.  
Very telling that it's opposing extremes who favour Brexit. Mogg & Corbyn...poles apart but united by a love of political dogma over practical reality. Nationalism or Nationalisation. Who cares? Neither put food on the table...or create equality, or save NHS. Get real. Stay in EU 
Wouldn’t it be great if some of the energy and enthusiasm visible in this referendum campaign could now be harnessed to help bodies like @IrishRefugeeCo and @masi_asylum to finally #EndDirectProvision? 
It is clear we won't be ready for #Brexit next March. Not ready to negotiate, "no deal" unthinkable & impossible. Only way forward is #PeoplesSay referendum to #StopBrexit. Then an election to create viable, competent, humane govt 
.@ScotGovFM @NicolaSturgeon arrives at EU Commission for #brexit meeting with EU Chief Negotiator @MichelBarnier 
My level of interest in your Italian takes:1. Researchers and politicians in Italy or with personal professional experience on Italy 2. Italian citizens 3. Non-Italians 4. Ouija boards 5. Fish6. British commentators with strong ideological position on Brexit. 
FM will go to Brussels today to unveil plans to expand the Scotland House base of Businesses in BrusselsAnd yet the predictable boring response from the Tories accusing the FM of playing politics with Brexit. It is clear the Tories stand firmly against Scottish progression 
A referendum vote of >60% in Ireland is described by BBC as a ‘landslide’ result; a referendum vote in Scotland to stay in EU of >60% is completely ignored by UKgov as irrelevant. This is what complete powerlessness means in Scotland as well as a massive democratic deficit. 
Host of security and military figures sound warning that Britain risks being trapped in “hotel california” defence alliance with EU after Brexit:  
Weak and wobbly Theresa May triggered A50 without a plan and put scum like Johnson, Fox and Davis in charge of Brexit to keep herself in office. Now she won't debate abortion in Northern Ireland in case it offends Arlene Foster. May puts her own interests before everyone else's. 
British museums ought to send back thousands of objects taken from former colonies in order to help build bridges in the post-Brexit world, according to historian David Olusoga 
Yes. Brexit is broken. The Govt have had their chance. Fiddling with details won’t help now. It’s time to ditch the whole thing.  
Great to see this piece in the Indo. @Ivanabacik Mary Favier @doctors4vhoice @AmandaMellet @TFMR and @KZapponeTD are heroes: Repealing the Eighth: Those who have been campaigning for repeal long before the referendum was announced #RepealedThe8th 
Unintended consequence of Mattarella’s veto: Italian elections will be a referendum on the euro. -  
Now that the referendum is over, we seriously need look at the Elector Register. Registering to vote/move address should be online. The concept of getting a form, filling it in, getting a guard to sign it and then leaving it into a local authority is beyond stupid. 
Pic I made late on Saturday night at Savita Halappanavar mural in Portobello, Dublin as people made their way home from referendum count celebrations #repealthe8th 
Global Britain is an illusion, Brexit is weakening UK foreign, security & defense policy. @NvOndarza & I explain why EU&GER should keep the Brits in and how  @pauforme @SophiaBesch @almutmoeller @Ce_Moll @SWP_Europa @CER_Grant @GermanyonBrexit @KeohaneDan 
A brave leader would tell the public that Brexit was not in their interest. That the referendum was a mistake and now with research and analysis it will be stopped @theresa_may - sadly we don’t have a brave leader. 
I felt so sorry for our parish priest yesterday who is Irish. He started to talk about the referendum before the final blessing but his voice was audibly cracking. He had to stop mid sentence. He is clearly heartbroken. 
After almost two years interacting with Brexiters, I have reached the conclusion that some people do actually want to watch the world burn.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Sturgeon's in Brussels today in another futile attempt to undermine the UK Brexit negotiations.Anything other than doing the job we pay her for.  
Absolutely correct.British Labour in Scotland have nothing to separate them from British Tories in Scotland.They support austerity.They support Brexit.They deny us our right to Independence.Indeed they want to deny the right to vote on our independence.  
Cable. Another gigantic referendum hypocrite. Perfectly happy with referenda - provided he gets the result he wants. Whereas when 10 times more people in the UK vote for Brexit he wants to ignore them. What a stinking hypocrite.  
I've been hammering this point for months. Labour's natural supporters, working people, the most vulnerable and the poorest will be hit hardest by Brexit. Doesn't seem to register with them.  
If the League and 5 Star were to form a coalition, this would turn Italy’s next general election into a de facto referendum on euro membership. Of course, the two parties will deny it and say it is about ‘sovereignty’. #Italy 
Now they are attacking the WTO because it transpires Brexit Britain will have to follow WTO rules.What the f*ck is it with these people?  Who would have thought that being a member of the WTO means we have to follow their rules?  
There is no legal requirement for a referendum in NI. There are institutions, and if necessary a Westminster parliament, that could legislate. A referendum would give a mandate but also drag women through public humiliation and shaming. A big cost for political cowardice.  
If a political party campaigned on a manifesto which would make you & your family worse off, plunged the UK further into austerity, meant severe cuts to public services & made the UK less secure, could you with all honesty vote for that party? If 'no', then why support Brexit? 
Imagine how stupid you're going to look if, in 5 years, you admit having voted for Brexit!I suspect such confessions will become increasingly rare. 
Why Brexiteers' hopes of 'frictionless' trade with EU border on impossible Brexit is undeliverable, just cancel it now before any more damage is done. 
First Minister representing our nation in Brussels. More of this. “Whatever the outcome of the Brexit talks, Scotland is committed to continuing our partnership with other European countries” @ScotNational 28/5/18 
This is the response all unionists want to see. The Wilson report is already discredited and its good to see that the PM is already on board in resolutely resisting any attempt to hold another divisive referendum. RT please.  
So Oxford Student's Union paid the travel expenses of *all* Irish students to go vote in the abortion referendum. So proud  
It is clear, in my view at least, that there are ever-increasing tensions within the EU -as reflected in events from Greece to Brexit, from Hungary to Italy 
Listening to political colleagues speaking about replacing one form of Brexit with another - it’s past that. After 2 years of trying to find a Brexit that works, its clear that it’s dead. Caput. Inoperable - except, like the poll tax, as a brief political hallucination 
That’s step one Keir. But what will Labour’s policy be if Mrs May is defeated? Just a different sort of Brexit - impossible to negotiate anyway in the time left? There is only one choice worth Labour giving the British people: to stop Brexit completely, & reform Britain instead  
Some in 5 Star are already calling for a referendum on the euro and this episode fits their narrative about people power versus unelected institutions perfectly 
A devastating survey of the already effects of austerity on Britain - and Brexit means so much more to come.  
Talking about the need to reform the Eurozone/EU area, perhaps write off some of Italy's debt, maybe even possibly hold a referendum on whether or not Italy should keep the euro 
The gov is open to be torn apart on Brexit, which is the biggest con since the South Sea Bubble. A gov that insists on pressing on with such a shoddy scheme will never be forgiven. But nor will an opposition that lets them get away with it. @campbellclaret 
Some Irish Catholics attending Sunday Mass were disappointed with the result of a referendum in which voters opted to legalize abortion and think it reflects the weakening of the Church.  
"We've already voted on Brexit. The people have had our say. No more!" 10 people are watching TV.5 vote for sports. 4 hate sports. Out of the 5, two want football and 3 hate football. They end up watching chess. Something 8 out of 10 would never vote for.#PeoplesVote 
Brexit: crisis point - the time for games is over. We have got to the stage where only emergency action by the prime minister will serve to head off the possibility of an uncontrolled Brexit. Mrs May has got to get a grip and sort the problem.  #Brexinfo. 
Heard Front Bench clearly state:a. We're leaving the EU (Most of you)b. There won't be another Ref(Most of you)c. #Brexit ought 2B decided in a Gen Elect (McDonnell)d. If there were a Ref it wld have to have a 2/3 maj to #StopBrexit. (Gardiner)No trust left.#StopBrexit 
#ScotRef  Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon goes to Brussels this week to meet the EU's chief Brexit negotiator  
Now the Irish abortion laws referendum is on the news and my grandma said “finally” and my grandpa said “I don’t know why men are still voting on this issue in the first place anyways” I AM SO LUCKY 
Brexit is about recovering and discovering the independence of Britain in every walk of life.  
Eurotunnel warns on Tory plans for post-Brexit customs.Operator of Channel link says costly delays appear inevitable.The warning comes after the head of HMRC said the government’s Brexit customs policy could cost £20bn a year.Just crazy. #StopBrexit. 
So many Tory MP’s know Brexit is the end of the Union. That they are going along with it is an act of bad faith to a staggering degree. People like Anna, who stand up and dissent are doing their job as it should be done. And I am grateful. 
Sinn Féin calling for referendum on 'united Ireland' following abortion vote   
Colombia's presidential elections viewed as a referendum on FARC peace deal  
Theresa May MP: Free Tommy Robinson - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChangePETITION HITS 300K 
I thought it was the People of Ireland who passed the Referendum to #RepealedThe8th ? 
Want to campaign against #brexit and strengthen @LibDems in the Commons? Sign up to help @lucyvsalek in the Lewisham by election campaign at  #FBPE #WATON #Libdems @SInglesfield @jonathanfryer @SarahLudford @catherinemep @AlanBullion #ExitFromBrexit 
Almost 300,000 signatures on the May petition to free Tommy Robinson. Let it run & it will pass a million. People have had enough. No more child rape, no more lies, no more brexit bullshit, no more terrorism and no more persecution of anyone who asks simple question about Islam. 
“THE UK must sever all ties with the EU after Brexit including plans of joining a European army to avoid a situation in which Britain can never fully leave the bloc.” - Sir Richard Dearlove  
16) Macron's comments during his Charlemagne prize speech that Brexit was an alarm bell heard also in Italian elections, in Poland & Hungary - was correct.  Yet unlike UK, Italy is in Eurozone, its 3rd biggest economy. Are the contradictions of Euro finally catching up with it? 
PRESSURE: #JacobReesMogg urged to strike now and force #TheresaMay to push through a clean, hard #Brexit by fellow #MPs. 'No more Mr Nice Guy, Jacob. Show some steel.’  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty @theresa_may #EU 
The Great #Brexiteer & #British #Patriot #PritiPatel Demands New Probe Into #Remain Spending and Questions #ElectoralCommission Impartiality:  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty #Tory #Tories #Conservatives #BREXIT #EU 
1/2 After we have defeated Brexit, those of us who have become more politicised by the Remain campaign will need some sort of plan so we don’t get into this mess again. I think it would be a good thing if we started working towards a modernised constitution, preferably written. 
Theresa May has completely ignored the Repeal referendum in Ireland. She is too worried that she may upset the DUP. The Irish presented legislation so that peple knew the outcomes - and got a 2/3 majority - a proper referendum with real 'will of the people'. #r4today 
How does Brexit mean that Jacob Rees-Mogg gets more money? Jacob Rees-Mogg gets more money for directing investment to where they will gain biggest returns.Meanwhile unelected Labour Party peers stand to gain financially from us remaining in the EU:  
“Suck it up” Daily Mail readers.  You voted for Brexit in the full knowledge that these people want to destroy the NHS.  You won.  Get over it.  Enjoy your old age. pic.twitter.com/H8KGMZEU9h 
Also remember, kids, don’t try making a Brexit at home, unless you want to bankrupt everyone in it   
this referendum is so illegal. it's ridiculously illegal. it's illegal in so many different ways. how illegal must a referendum be before it's illegal enough to persuade a government to abide by international law and void it? #StopBrexit 
At some point intelligent and well-meaning leavers will accept the real-world challenges of #Brexit and admit: “It’s a fair cop. We got it wrong. Let’s remain in the EU after all”. Whoever leads this change will be a hero 
Dua lipa? More like due a hard Brexit 
I accidentally took some Brexit at a party. I went around calling people traitors, mutineers, enemies of the people etc. Then I started hallucinating millions of Turks heading over to the UK to sign-on. Finally, I started screaming “I need a blue fucking passport!” Never again. 
I've tried to give her a chance.....I now no longer believe she is the right person for the job. Theresa May must go. She is going to drag our country down because she is weak. She goes or we ALL fall. #Brexit 
We were promised a member-led Labour Party. The position of the majority of @UKLabour members on #Brexit is not being represented by the Party leadership. One or the other should change. 
If you can't imagine a politics beyond state redistributing a bit while maintaining existing relations then,yes,Brexit might limit Corbynism 
Q to a Leave voter in a bar full of Leave voters:If there was a referendum now would you still vote Leave?A: The heart says yes but the head says no.Q: Which would you go with?A: My head.And the others agreed.This .@JohnGlenUK is in your constituency.Time to go to the pub. 
Remember kids, even a small amount of Brexit can trigger paranoid hallucinations. Just say no.  
Continuity Remain's big beasts? Tony Blair, David Miliband, John Major, Nicky Morgan, Sir Nick Clegg, and now *drumroll*... Gordon Brown.Forgive me if I don't fear a groundswell change in public opinion against the Brexit vote just yet...  
This is true. Corbyn is the reason why there's no opposition. Brexit bullshit goes unchallenged. The best talents in Labour are gagged. Votes against Brexit are sabotaged. And the delay is just playing for time. With a Remain Labour party, Brexit and the Tories would be finished.  
For crying out loud @Keir_Starmer , both the Tories' and Labour's Brexit will fail all of the six tests. That being the case, when do you propose opposing Brexit?  
Public officials link a 4 year high in unemployment in Greater Manchester to Brexit. Joblessness is now 11% higher than before the referendum.In 2018, 4,300 more people are claiming Brexit unemployment benefit.To put jobs first, we need to Stop Brexit. 
Think you may have overlooked that all six tests are based on Tory Brexit promises. David Davis coined the “exact same benefits” promise. PM said she was “determined to meet” all my tests. You may have lowered your expectations. Why should I lower the tests?  
JK Rowling among the No voters thinking again following Brexit against Scotland's will   Hmmm interesting read. Seems more and more are seeing sense now #IndtRef2 #ScotlandsRebirth 
I went shopping in Newry today and I thought go on be brave so I tried on the latest Brexit fashion but my physical infrastructure looked enormous in it so I didn’t get it 
One of the most deluded tweets I've seen for a while. I voted Remain but I'm astonished at the utter failure to understand the reasons that led people to vote for Brexit. Twenty years of smug consensus between Tories and New Labour left too many people behind. That caused Brexit.  
Hey lads. Tories are doing Brexit. Not Starmer. Be awesome to see you put some pressure on them, rather than filling your timeline/nappies with anti-Labour fraff. All the best  
The UK is Destroying ItselfDonald Trump Jr: Tommy Robinson's Imprisonment is Reason #1776 for the Original Brexit  
Twitter bots may have altered the outcome of the Brexit referendum, study finds.Bots played a small but potentially decisive role in the 2016 Brexit vote, the National Bureau of Economic Research showed.Hold a free and fair #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
The French ambassador to Ireland got doored while cycling to watch the referendum count in the RDS.  
My son has just asked me about this. We were excited about the opportunity as he is 18 next March but it looks like he won’t be eligible due to #Brexit. Thanks Leavers. FFS.   
Haven't done one of these in a while; time for a simple test of #Twitter's #Brexit mood:POLLKnowing what you now know, do you think the UK should leave or remain in the EU? 
Goldman Sachs warned of Brexit disaster – now admits UK SURGING AHEAD in own report!  
Donald Trump Jr: Tommy Robinson's Imprisonment is Reason #1776 for the Original Brexit  
This is why there is an increase in targeted abuse. Ignore it with extreme prejudice. It's a symptom of fear.The authoritarian populist hard right's game is poor. Ireland has now shown us how the size of its base is faked. It shot its bolt achieving an unsustainable Brexit win.  
Good night to everyone except influencers who only posted about repeal days before the referendum hashtagpolitics4likes 
Brexit telling its flatmates, over two empty wine bottles and a curry eaten straight out of the cartons, that it’s defo not going to work tomorrow cos it’s sick of this job and can’t believe it’s ended up doing this and it used to have a future you know and God it hates Mondays 
It’s time to challenge the conduct of some civil servants over Brexit  
This referendum result has provided a lot of unexpected bonuses.  
28% of Labour Leave voters no longer support #Brexit, as do 36% of Leave voters under 25. Labour Is taking an increasing risk by continuing to support #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I don't trust Corbyn. I voted for him as leader twice, but after almost 1000 days as leader he's proven himself incapable of uniting the party, developing policy, attracting floating voters, holding together a cabinet or planning a Brexit strategy that'll work. Sorry. I'm done  
In Italy, the President has vetoed the appointment of a Eurosceptic finance minister, in yet another instance of the anti-democratic EU elite thwarting the will of the people. It's a reminder of why Brexit MUST go ahead if the UK is to regain its freedom and democracy. 
You realise, Charles, that the Irish vote was to unpick the decision of a previous referendum, which the people no longer agreed with?  
Brexit: Give Labour members a say - Not what you’d call an unreasonable demand!  
Clearly events in Italy demonstrate that Brussels will not tolerate democratic opposition and will use its agents in member states to subvert election or referendum results that go against it. We already know that. Now Italy will see its own fifth column at work. 
And in a few weeks time, the Commons votes to mandate Prime Minister on #Brexit negotiations. A straightforward choice: keep EEA Single Market participation in #EUWithdrawalBill. Or let Government oust that Lords amendment.Labour mustn’t stand aside and allow a hard Brexit.  
"In the weeks leading up to the referendum date we saw think-pieces stating that we would lose because we didn’t have a clear leader, and others saying that our campaign didn’t seem organised — what ever way you looked at it, we were doing it wrong." 
Second Brexit referendum would see UK vote to remain in EU, new polling analysis shows  
6) if it wasn't so tragic it would be funny.  There is a section of the political class who will literally say anything, back any barking mad "solution", denounce any institution and above all blame anyone, rather than admit they got it spectacularly wrong on #Brexit Patriots... 
Two girls no more than sixteen sat beside me on the bus, they saw my Tá badge and began to engage in convo about the referendum, exclaiming loudly that they're very pro-choice, whilst sneakily glancing over at me to see if I was listening  MY POXY HEART 
More than 50% of the citizens of #UK voted for Brexit ... "let's vote again"More than 50% of the citizens of #Catalonia voted for independence ... "let's vote again"More than 50% of the citizens of #Italy voted for an anti-EU government... "let's vote again" 
This line of argument is disingenuous. Very different type of issue; very different size of majority; very different consequences for those who voted against. If 66% had voted for #Brexit there would be no debate.  
Alastair Campbell on 5 Live says PM should tell country "you voted for Brexit but it's daft". Not sure that's how democracy works 
Amid some sensible comments on sentencing by prisons minister Rory Stewart, a Brexit policy you didn't see on the side of the bus  
The referendum was being closely watched around the world. Here are photos of socialists in Cyprus who marked voting day at the Irish embassy. I know there is deep regard here in Ireland for this solidarity #tágetherness #repealedThe8th #dubw #8thRef 
3) You would hope that at some point, as issue after issue arises with #Brexit, people of integrity would say "ok, hands up, we got this terribly wrong, we drastically underestimated the issues & we need to rethink this whole thing" 
Remain campaigners cleared of breaking spending rules in EU referendum  @Doozy_45 @RebetikoWalrus 
1) #Brexit (and Brexiters) in microcosmPeople like @iainmartin1 didn't forsee the issues with Galileo satellite system (just as they didn't forsee Euratom, or the 20 other brexit related issues they missed)Instead of showing humility, he blithely says "we'll build our own"  
If @Keir_Starmer actually applies his tests it is axiomatic that Labour WILL vote against the withdrawal agreement. No Brexit can ever deliver the "exact same" benefits as membership. If it did it would be called EU membership  
It's all panning out just as I & others  predicted on the day after the EU referendum!  
Mr Rees-Mogg said the government had put forward "over-complicated" solutions to the customs issue and must be ready to tell Brussels it will walk away without paying the £39bn Brexit divorce bill.  
Indeed. But it’s more, I think. Also a betrayal of the very foundations of the Labour movement: international solidarity. Solidarity in Corbyn’s Labour stops in Dover. EU citizens desperately need a voice in this. Don’t let us (and Britons in EU27) remain collateral in Brexit.  
having a moan to my dad about Brexit, he said "yes, it is concerning. thankfully, it's never going to happen." that's the spirit!  he predicted Leave winning two years ago even though all the polls were saying otherwise so hopefully he'll be right about this too!!  
We cannot and should not allow the government to crush free speech, nor deceive us over brexit. As for their defence of Islam - it's sick. Nothing which calls for the death of another person, particularly an innocent one is defensible. Its May's shift - she should go now. 
Return colonial artefacts to build bridges post-Brexit, Olusoga says  
Good vid over on the @IrishTimes about how the referendum was covered and how some political players aren’t getting the credit they deserve:  
I'm sorry, that language is slightly confusing to me. Are you saying unequivocally that when Lords amendments come to parliament, Labour will support them, as to do otherwise would clearly mean the Tory Brexit wouldn't meet our tests? Will it be whipped? 
Saying #Brexit will make us poorer:97%  of academicsALL of big business (CBI)Every former PM aliveIMFWorld BankEvery major bankHM TreasurySaying Brexit is great:Boris Johnson (proven liar)Nigel Farage (proven liar)J Mogg (proven liar)Steve Baker (proven liar) 
Bag of chips Theresa May’s Basketcase Media Militia defending it’s racist lawns from Monocle Wearing Lord Oity Toity Rees Mogg, Man of the privileged of the self entitled, May v Rees Mogg the Tory battle for the Brexit racist heart of Englandshire  
Blair and Brown united in arguing for a #PeoplesVote This is the clarion call for all sensible @UKLabour members to speak up and demand action. If we allow a Tory #Brexit to happen our Party will never be forgiven. Deservedly so too.  
Thought long & hard about responding to this from @campbellclaret - his core argument - that I have ever suggested that Labour will not vote against a Tory Brexit that fails our 6 tests - is bogus. But at least it gives me the chance to reiterate that!  
It's true there is a secret plot to stop #Brexit. At least, it's secret if you get your news from the BBC. 
So why are the May and Corbyn ignoring the "Will of the people" then ?....The Tories are controlled by their very rich benefactors wishes BUT Corbyn ???....He must be on another planet if he cannot see a STOP BREXIT WINNER !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
What an absolutely outstanding event.  It was great to meet so many new faces, and old, and we will be ready for the next referendum AND WE WILL WIN IT.INSPIRED?  YOU'D BETTER BELIEVE IT.  
Not sure Priti should give guidance on integrity in public life, given her £350 million NHS lie & Israel trip -In her resignation letter, Patel admitted her actions “fell below high standards expected of a secretary of state”.Nov 2017. #Pritipatel #Brexit  
For the rest of the EU, Brexit has turned from brutality into banality  
"I hate what [Corbyn] has done to the Labour party & his position on Brexit absolutely does my head in because the Labour party is meant to be the party for working people and working people are going to get absolutely shafted by Brexit.”Indeed. 
As an Italian and British citizen, I can’t believe I could experience anything more worrying than Brexit. Thanks President #Mattarella for stepping up and defending all of us who believe in the European Union  #iostoconMattarella 
This is a lie. Labour cannot stop Brexit. See attached a timeline that confirms #Brexit belongs entirely to the @CONservatives. And it’s already been confirmed: if ‘the deal’ is rejected by Parl., we leave with NO DEAL. @eddiemarsan is a liar and a conman. Dangerous. 
Let me try to explain the current mess in #Italy to my British friends. It's as if after the referendum the Queen had told you: that's the wrong decision, too damaging for the country, which I have the duty to protect. So, no #Brexit. She'd have been right. #Mattarella is right. 
No it won’t, you liar. The @CONservatives, with the DUP, have a majority. Labour cannot stop Brexit. Your tweets confirm that your outrage over Brexit is phoney and is 100% to do with getting rid of Corbyn. Guess what, @eddiemarsan? @jeremycorbyn is going nowhere! 
NB Brexit-watchers, J Bruton, ex-Taoiseach & FG leader: “position that Leo Varadkar has taken would no doubt have been taken by Enda Kenny or indeed by any other Irish taoiseach, and it would be a mistake by British political analysts to personalise this”  
Women claims media airbrushing one-third who voted no. In a post-referendum piece on Ireland's leading newspaper's website, which gives her a platform every week. Just how is that silencing?  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
When you casually take your dog for an evening stroll round the local park and get stopped 3 times by anti #Brexit campaigners... #MyLife 
If @Keir_Starmer’s six tests mean anything, he must oppose Brexit.Brexit is shaping up to be the biggest con job since the South Sea Bubble, says @campbellclaret.@UKLabour must back a #PeoplesVote - with an option to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.  
BBC News - Arlene Foster: Irish abortion vote has no impact on NI law . Another Brexit fall out Mrs May can’t challenge Arlene, so the women of Northern Ireland have to the price of keeping Mrs May in Downing Street. Tory’s have no morals. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
The Irish Times view on the referendum: This belongs to the women of Ireland  
Donald Trump Jr: Tommy Robinson's Imprisonment is Reason #1776 for the Original Brexit  via @gatewaypundit 
Donald Trump Jr: Tommy Robinson's Imprisonment is Reason #1776 for the Original Brexit  
I bet every single person who thinks #TommyRobinson is a victim and is defending him also voted for #Brexit - just saying 
Lads I cannot wait for the referendum story to be made into a sraith pictiúir #RepealedThe8th 
Prediction:There are only two Brexit futures."Capitulate" and sign whatever deal the EU writes."Chaos" - In which 30th March 2019 begins with a COBRA meeting to discuss why the ports have all log-jammed.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "We are paying a very large amount of money, £40billion, and in return, we want a trade deal.“The EU would have to cancel projects or get more money out of the Germans if it doesn’t get our money." #Brexit  
Parliament IS implementing the result of the Referendum to respect the majority vote of 2016. However leaving the EU is turning out very differently from Leave campaign assurances. Democracy therefore must surely also account for the Will of the People in 2018 now.  
The BBCommentariat:Referendum in Ireland: 'Wise decision by the people showing their maturity and far-sightedness'Referendum in UK 'Idiotic decision by stupid racist proles who aren't clever enough to understand the question'Go figure. 
Britain’s plans for ‘no-deal’ Brexit have ground to a halt  
Companies are choosing to expand in Dublin instead of the U.K. in a "silent" Brexit, property firm says  
Wake up Britain.He makes money for and from Russian oligarchs. Corrupt to the core. If he lost some CSA files as well then he’s a front runner for next Tory PMThey like their leaders more corrupt than them.We need a People’s vote to stop Brexit  
I made a moronic reference to "Gaelic" in my tweet about TV coverage of the Irish abortion referendum yesterday and Twitter has rightly pointed out in how many ways I fecked up in using that word. Sorry. 
Brexit: We're on the road to Car-mageddon.A devastating indictment of how Brexit will drive his industry to ruin, by the boss of one of Britain’s biggest automotive firms.More and more business leaders are coming out against Brexit. #StopBrexit. 
Yes you did #Ireland. You brought the vote, the tears and the joy. The women of Ireland who have suffered in silence, shame and abandonment heard your chants. You made the world see what a vote can do. #RepealTheEighth #Together4Yes #Referendum #Irishpride 
I'm having a fab time in Bordeaux being European and hedonistic...avoiding Brexit till I get home. However the Irish referendum proves that when you educate the population you get an informed decision...that did not happen in the UK. #StopBrexit #FinalSay #Brexit #brexitshambles 
#Brexit was dragged straight out of the rubbish pit of broken dreams. The gullible fell for its undeliverable promises. It is not they who are to blame but those who cruelly exploited the disappointed and disillusioned.On this note, good night.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
#Brexit causing a dramatic drop in foreign #investment into #Britain@InFactsOrg 
Hello! I will be reverting to 'normal' 'soon' but I NEED to keep talking about the referendum and analysing how the YES landslide happened. I was thinking about the ICBR, they were SO counterproductive for the NO side that Himself sez they might be 'YES Black Ops'  (a joke) 
"up to one million Labour supporters who voted Leave in the 2016 referendum are having second thoughts."#peoplesvote 
Celebrated the referendum result v hard last night after work and in a great deal of pain but hope everyone's having a fab day except for Katie Ascough and the rest of the no voters x 
We have very clearly set out our @LibDems stall. We continue to advocate #Remain; we want MPs to take back control from govt; they should legislate for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal; in which we would campaign for #ExitfromBrexit and a mandate for MPs to revoke Art 50  
Brexit was a start, but the arrest and incarceration of Tommy Robinson could be the catalyst for a UK "MAKE ENGLAND GREAT AGAIN" movement. #MEGA.....It's catchy.#FreeTommyRobinson#FreeTommy#MEGA 
Iain Duncan Smith's comments in today's Telegraph were spot on. If the EU refuses to accept a real Brexit and move on to trade talks, we need to walk. If only the Prime Minister had the same backbone!Support us at  
At Hay festival to launch my anti-Brexit book ‘Saving Britain’ with Will Hutton tomorrow. Pre-order here for just £6.47!  
News that Radio 4's Today programme has shed 65,000 listeners over the past year will not surprise anti-Brexit campaigners.  
"Well, a lot of compromises have been made during the course of the negotiations............nothing has come in return. And that makes me concerned that it’s all very one-way.”ANDREW MARR SHOW27TH MAY 2018JACOB REES-MOGG#MoggMentum #Brexit  
Dear Supporter of Labour,I am seizing of this opportunity to contact you as I recently found you to be a distant relative of a Nigerian Union of Trade leader and worthy of a large fortune.You will receive this after I stop Brexit, but your votes I need nowJeremy Corbyn 
This is what Trump and Brexit have done to discourse (or maybe what discourse has turned into, leading to Trump and brexit) :-  if someone proves you did wrong just make up some shit claiming the same about your opponent. 
Alliance's @StephenFarryMLA to meet EU's Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier and tell him of cross-community support for a special #Brexit deal for Northern Ireland.See more here - 
Twitter bots may have altered the outcome of the Brexit referendum, study finds  
Reason #1776 for the original #brexit. Don’t let America follow in those footsteps.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg urges Theresa May to get tough with Brussels on Brexit - Sky News  
Excelllent. Nothing dishonourable about Andrew making the case for rejoin, once the referendum result has been implemented as promised.  
New Brexit referendum would see UK vote to #Remain in EU, new poll analysis shows‘Bluntly, older, mainly Leave, voters are dying – and younger, mainly Remain, voters are joining the electorate,’ expert saysMPs must hold a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit. 
#brexit is the major issue of our times and if it goes ahead will screw up the country for at least a generation. As long as Corbyn whips MPs to vote with the Tories on this, I will not vote Labour.  And I am quite sure many people feel exactly the same. 
Nick Clegg - Our members of Parliament weren't lobotomized by the referendum result.. the majority of MPs across all parties are deeply alarmed with the way brexit negotiation are going... are they traitors?... are they saboteurs?... Absolutely Not!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
How you're being distracted from Brexit. @FrankieBoyle 
I left the advisory team for the same reasons. Corbyn's stance on Brexit was the final straw.  He was clueless on economics and had no desire to learn or take advice.  
This was me at the last march for choice, not quite believing that a referendum was within reach. Now, I'm happy to say it was my last march for choice! #repealedThe8th 
If we get rid of May, Brexit will continue, if we get rid of Corbyn, Brexit will stop. 
Alastair Campbell hits the nail on the head here. Labour’s current and seemingly future stance on #Brexit is unforgivable.  
Wonder why @theresa_may hasn’t said a word on the historic abortion referendum result in Ireland, probably just one of the universe’s many mysteries, I’m sure it’s fine  
DUP on Brexit: How dare you contemplate Northern Ireland being different from the rest of the UK!DUP on abortion: How dare you not allow Northern Ireland to be different from the rest of the UK! 
Disgraced Tory Priti Patel has made desparate claims that Brexit Remain campaign broke spending rules. She's demonstrating a misunderstand of how electoral law applies - posting 3rd party content on social media is legal.  & Vote Leave colluding isn't. 
In light of a possible #Election2018 in the Autumn, when the wheels spectacularly fall off the Tory #Brexit bandwagon, it'd be hugely honest of us all to preface Tory Party, or Conservative party with the words 'The Institutionally Racist'. Makes for long tweets, but its accurate 
Second Brexit referendum would see UK vote to remain in EU, new polling analysis shows  
So frustrating that the next generation of young people from Scotland will miss out on this opportunity because of a Brexit Scotland did not vote for.  
Freedom of Speech, Tommy Robinson, and Brexit will all be rolled together in an ongoing campaign. It seems that the establishment is wanting to pick a fight with the people. Is this @theresa_may Miners Strike? Has she got the ability to win? 
Ms @advmonikaarora hope you know Ireland also voted Yes in a 2015 referendum to legalize gay marriage. Is Church stopping Modi Govt scrapping Section 377?! Ireland PM is of Indian origin and openly gay, btw. If he were a politician in India, he could be arrested under #Section377 
BLACKMAIL: Patel calls for investigation into remain campaign .. Or for probe into Vote Leave be ended / #EU #Brexit  
. @DUPleader Arlene Foster says the Republic's abortion referendum has no impact on the law in Northern Ireland, while Sinn Féin's @MaryLouMcDonald wants abortion services in the south available to women from the north.  
Because the party I always voted for and the remain cause hasn’t been hijacked by Theresa May, in the guise of a benevolent guru who is actually a 5th columnist for a hard Brexit.  
Rees-Mogg again calls for the government to threaten to push the hostages, otherwise known as the British people, off the economic cliff, to the great advantage of disaster capitalists & forcing the UK to become a #BrexitTaxHaven to attract & retain business#StopBrexit #Brexit  
The very people who have spent the best part of two years in moral meltdown at the fact that Britons were given a referendum on EU membership are now beside themselves with joy over the abortion referendum in Ireland:  #Brexit 
The UK Beta Test’s the Global Domination model. One World Order takes a stand against Brexit/speech/press. #TommyRobinson sacrificed as the globe just sits. Stand up now folks or the sharia culture cancer will kill us all. Shall we Say goodbye to Brexit for good??  
#Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn' per year What a waste! 
Right decision @sinnfeinireland! After the abortion vote and developments in #UK #Brexit, it is time to vote for united #Ireland and independent #Scotland. Both should  be part of the nordic council too. 
#SundayTV3 Not only was there a majority of @fiannafailparty on the NO side but a majority of FF TD’s voted NOT to have a Referendum in the first place. If FF were in power there would never have been #Repeal8th. They’re still living in the 1950’s. 
Best thing about Brexit is that it caught the British Establishment unaware.  We now see them in their full conniving and patronising glory intent on putting the ordinary person down for voting Leave. It won't work since the alternative to Brexit is civil insurrection. 
Jeremy Corbyn urged to give Labour members a say on Brexit  
"Failed PM Gordon Brown calls for second Brexit referendum"...Why did Ruthie and him say in 2014 that: "The only way to stay in the EU is to vote no against Scottish Independence"?...  
Pro-#EU supporters are being trained to 'ruthlessly target #MPs in a series of nationwide roadshows aimed at stopping #Brexit'  
Rees-Mogg tells PM to threaten EU with cancelling Brexit divorce bill  
Even the Mail and Express seem to be struggling with Brexit - they have been glad of the royal wedding to give themselves something else to write about.  
Measured & well informed contribution from @AndrewWilson .  But @DeanLockhartMSP doesn’t understand the #SingleMarket nor the actual Tory @GovUK #Brexit position. Homework needed.  Scotland should be full EU member, says author of SNP report - BBC...  
Irish abortion referendum is part of a massive global trend toward liberal values (gender equity, personal choice, political voice, permissive child rearing). In Enlightenment Now  I display Christian Welzel's World Value Survey data showing the rise. 
Two powerhouses of this Referendum. Dr Peter Boylan & Jane Mahony.Their work & energy for this cause cannot be measured.Ireland stands, and will always stand, in solidarity & appreciation with you both.#repealed #8thref #together4yes #marian #dublincastle #TheSundayShow 
We can´t go on like this people. The Robinson affair and Mays contempt in ignoring the peoples brexit vote shows that we have no say. Why should we live like this with such rubbish pretending to lead us. Its time to get together (all of us) and decide what we want. 
So it's wrong for MPs to vote on a NI devolved matter but it's right to walk all over Holyrood's democratic decisions on Brexit Bill? The bloody hypocrit May  
Welcome to my World: Lamont fights every election on -tive basis people should vote for him to “stop the SNP” or No to Indyref, or No to 2nd Indyref.  He’s stated welfare is “lifestyle choice”, claimed to support Remain, but was invisible in campaign, & seems happy with Brexit. 
I think Scotland is sick of being forced to pause whilst Tories in WM fuck up Brexit. 
#FreeTommyRobinson#FREETOMMYNOWThe power of the state and fascism has taken over #England.   When is #BREXIT going to happen?  Didn't the people already vote for that?  So the state can just ignore that vote?Now simply reporting on a trial, is disrupting the peace?  
Yesterday at the @hayfestival, @mrjamesob told the audience yesterday why the result of the Irish abortion referendum has a particularly personal resonance. #HayFestival2018 
It isn’t getting any better......May playing 'hide and seek' in Brexit talks, Barnier says | Politics | The Guardian  
Is right Jo. We had a lovely meal, respected Ramadan & the restaurant staff showed us round their local mosque. Liverpool. Brexit my arse  
So you reckon our hard won Scottish Parliament must concentrate its efforts on mitigating policies YOUR party abstained on, by another party that YOUR party are in bed with, following a referendum where YOUR party sided with them. You haven‘t thought this through, have you? 
Science minister complains that #Brexit means #Brexit. Not very clever these ministers are they. If you leave the club you no longer get to use the facilities. No difficult.  
The posturing of Trudeau and cabinet on the Irish abortion referendum is so brazenly hypocritical it makes my head spin. The Irish government is regulating legal abortion AND deciding public policy through referendum—two things the Liberal Party believes are basically war crimes. 
Sigh...Why do so many British commentators never bother to look at the detail of political events elsewhere in Europe? (Bonus: in Ireland, it's all in English!) For this referendum, considerable time + energy was spent making the choice of options crystal clear to all sides.  
@Toby Young  see above in response to your tweet earlier. Brexit and abortion referenda completely different processOne came without planning, the other came with 1 yr citizens inquiry, 4 month deliberation by Dail committee, vote in Dail on proposed ref legislation and then ref 
Looking forward to your 350 page document laying out exactly why we are better together? It’s not good enough anymore to prattle on with “Devisive” rhetoric. Set out in writing your plan for Scotland & figures of how Scotland will be after Brexit. #QuestionUnion #ChallengeUnion 
This physical #maps takes #Brexit literally. Only #UK constituencies that voted remain well...remain. Source:  
'We're repairing our relationship with women': Ireland celebrates historic abortion referendum result   
New polling analysis with large sample  reveals that a second #brexit #referendum would swing to #Remain via @prospect_uk 
Because otherwise, young people will have no choice but to abandon Corbyn as Brexit day gets closer and closer....  
For the many, not the fewDue to the size of the market it controls, the EU has more leverage on big business than the UK alone. It's why the 1st thing we heard after the Brexit vote was "Let's be a tax haven to keep businesses"Desperate governments bow to corporate interest 
FG are glowing in the referendum result so can we now have one to keep our water in public ownership? @FineGael @sinnfeinireland 
The ERG and Labour's Left leadership seem together to be intent on taking us towards as chaotic a Brexit as they think they can get away with. Why they're not challenged more on this is beyond me. 
A poll has indicated that 74% of Irish people think referendum posters should be banned  
People that don’t wave back when you’re on a miniature railway probably voted for Brexit 
Yes and I also hear the Lib Dems could win the next GE on their anti brexit platform.  
Today, the political party founded by the Rev Paisley, @duponline, is the only one across the island of Ireland which agrees with the Pope and the Catholic Church on same-sex marriage and abortion. (2/2) #Referendum2018 #Referendum 
Sinn Féin has called for a referendum on a united Ireland following Friday's referendum which backed a repeal of the Eighth Amendment  
Can't wait till @RuthDavidsonMSP goes on maternity leave, Then @ScotTories will be lead by #JacksonCarlaw as we debate #Indy2 What an absolute gift that will be for us. A dodgy car dealer who cannot recount what happened to the missing paintings, Let alone what #Brexit means.  
Jeeezus..This is sooooo painful.For Britain's sake, get T'May OUT. NOW!! We need a full on Brexit. No more delays. #48Letters #1922Committee @Conservatives @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Died and gone to heaven kind of moment: one of my fave drinks in a shop in Newcastle  In much less positive news: I’ve also just learnt that another shop has stopped selling the German Sonnenblumenkernbrot (a bread) I have been buying here since I came in 2009. Why? Brexit.  
If I hear one more person say "however they voted, most people now just want to get on with it" I will scream!  This is utter bollocks!  However they voted most people now can see Brexit for the disaster it has always been and just want to put a stop to it as quickly as possible!  
What post-Brexit Britain could learn from Dubai for global trade opportunities. 
Second Brexit referendum would see UK vote to remain in EU, new poll analysis shows .@UKLabour @Labour4EU @jeremycorbyn @richardosman 
The overall point of this LONG thread? The take away from the #8thref internationally should be, activists, be they PC feminists in the , or anti #brexit campaigners in the , need to start using SM tactical. There's literally a war on the truth & we have to be smarter.  
.@thomasbrake secured an amendment calling for the public to have a final say on the Brexit deal this week. Will Labour finally stand up to the Tories and get behind the Lib Dem amendment? Join our campaign today: 
I like Tom Watson but this is yet again more bullshit Whether Leave won the referendum or not, does he honestly think 17 million people who voted for #Brexit are happy to wreck the economy? We need a #PeoplesVote to confirm the electorate want what's being offered 
We're finding this in #LewishamEastByElection people moving to support @lucyvsalek & @LewishamLibDems after years of voting Labour. They want Corbyn to oppose May over #Brexit  
Hard Brexit means more cash for JRM. Not that he takes money from his firm of course. He said so. It must be a charity he runs  
I am sick of UK being the laughing stock of the world. LibLabCon party politics must be broken and #Brexit MUST happen in full.Ruwandan dictator spends £30 million in UK aid sponsoring Arsenal FC  via @MailOnline 
Scenes 3 years ago, as the marriage equality referendum result announced in Dublin.3 years on, we’re still waiting - and @Love_EqualityNI is still fighting - for equal marriage in NI. Help win that fight. Support the crowdfunder:  #equalmarriageni 
Welcoming referendum result, Unite says law in Northern Ireland must be revisited | Abortion is a workplace issue says Equalities Officer @taryn1965 #RepealedThe8th #TrustWomen 
The farmer that provided some of the food at the Royal Wedding last week faces going bust because of Brexit due of the lack of seasonal EU workers to pick his crops. This is a pattern that will be repeated throughout Britain unless we #StopBrexit 
.@campbellclaret wants to re-run referendum, disingenuously calling a re-run a People's vote not a 2nd attempt. Although he laughs when I say it, Britain is parliamentary democracy. MPs voted to hold referendum. They voted to trigger Art 50. We are leaving. Let's get on with it.  
Was watching @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on #Marr this morning, from the 1st half of the interview it strikes me that he is now very worried #Brexit won’t happen. He is right! We will #stopbrexit.I did not watch 2nd half as my 2 yr old said, “don’t like man, turn off” so I did #clevergirl 
Thread. Galileo as a microcosm of Brexit.  
This lecture by Ivan Rogers a compelling catalogue of British politicians’ wilful misinterpretation of #EU & serial mishandling of #Brexit. Makes important point that current obsession with #customsunion addresses only a small part of problem, even on Northern Ireland... 
 I cant think of a better metaphor for post-Brexit Britain - the man who carried the Queen's Commonwealth Games baton is facing deportation  #RuleBritannia #HarryandMeghan 
Once more for the people at the back. Wedon'tneedareferendum.#NornIronisnext #abortionrightsnai #NowForNI #northernirelandnext 
Lib Dems are fighting to give the British people the FINAL SAY on the Brexit deal, including the option to stay in the E.U. @jeremycorbyn join our resistance and stand up to the disastrous Tory Brexit.Add your name now:  
One of the consequences of Brexit for travelling small businesses like myself...that would be no free movement, no doing my job. British musicians are respected all over Europe, but for how much longer if we can’t travel? Please share x...  
Following the Republic of Ireland referendum, what could possibly get in the way of women having the same rights in Northern Ireland?Oh.  
I tweet alot about Corbyn & Labour. But Iam angry, angry my party has been hijacked by selfish lunatics, that do not give a damn about the real issues that will really hurt people with Brexit. They are failing everyone  with such narrow minded views. 
“Ireland has stood up for women on a global stage.”Great article by @UnaMullally about the #RepealedTheEighth wonderful referendum result  
Cameron carried out a 'negotiation' where he said he'd stay come what May.May despite her promises seems to be walking the same path of giving in to the EU.If the Conservatives are not interested in leading Britain out of the EU, why make false claims to be doing so?#Brexit  
Second Brexit referendum would see UK vote to remain in EU, new polling analysis shows  
People, I do love a good referendum, why I even had two which went fabulously. That doesn't mean however that in a jurisdiction, every issue should be put to a vote.To do so in regards to individual rights where not constitutionally required is a dangerous road to go down 
Also on today's show at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. ET on CNN: I'm joined by Tony Blair to discuss the rise of populism in the West, extremism, Brexit and more. 
And, I will politely respond by saying that the political reality is that 17 million people voted for #Brexit & no matter the twitter storms that number really hasn't changed. So Labour is duty bound to try to steer Britain through a Tory created Brexit to hopefully a safe shore.  
“There’s no difference between the referendum in Ireland and Brexit.” Except that one was won by cheating? Lol 
Would I be right in sensing BBC news staff have responded more enthusiastically to Irish abortion vote than to Brexit vote? I would. But that’s not surprising, is it? BBC staff tend to be liberal, secular, city dwellers. It’s just that they should be more self aware 
In the past 3 years alone, Ireland has now overturned a ban on abortion, installed a gay man as prime minister and has voted in another referendum to allow same-sex marriage  
Why a referendum? They cost money and it wouldn't be binding, so instead  of doing an expensive opinion poll, just make the change through the House  of Commons or redouble efforts to get Stormont back up.  
1) Stormont has the power to change law when it sits.2) Human rights are not devolved. Westminster can/could introduce.3) ROI had a referendum because they had to to change the constitution.4) A referendum in NI would not be binding5) Nobody in NI is calling for a referendum  
Govt has given the Electoral Commission £829,000 to prepare Britain for the 2019 EU Parliament elections. The same govt that has allocated virtually nothing for a WTO Brexit eventuality. If this isn't complete surrender to the EU and a betrayal of #Brexit, what is?  
#London buskers first in world to be paid with contactless cards  #fintech #brexit  
Goodness. Somehow one thinks you are a bit pissed off that one country’s referendum was clear, transparent, and well-debated on facts thereby producing an overwhelming majority from an informed electorate, and one was a total mess. 
God this is the longest thread I've written. Final thoughts. I hate to think that something like @repeal_shield would be necessary for every referendum/election. It was a necessity during the #8thref due toxicity of the debate & the level of international attention. 
We must listen to Northern Irish campaigners' voices. They do NOT want a referendum north of the border - they want Westminster to act, in line with #CEDAW recommendations. The time is #NowForNI. Email your MP today @stellacreasy 
Any slightly negative British economic data is blamed upon #Brexit, yet the reality is that the contraction in growth is a global issue and fueled by debt.  
Texting a mate about our feelings post-referendum & just want to say: It’s okay if you don’t feel amazing right now. Our country has finally acknowledged our humanity - it’s late. And doesn’t undo the damage that has already been inflicted. It’s okay to feel that. 
Brexit has given them another excuse to tell us to go back ‘home’.  
NO. This is not a constitutional issue. We don’t need a referendum we need legislators to act on this human rights breech.  
The people of Ireland comprehensively backed abortion law reform in yesterday's referendum - @JackieLongC4 spoke to some voters 
hey, remember that time when all three main Leave campaigns (including the official Vote Leave) cheated & acted illegally thus voiding the referendum result under the terms of the Venice commission and everyone just decided to ignore it & carry on with Brexit regardless?  
This morning Alastair Campbell told @pestononsunday that he'll be marching for a #PeoplesVote on June 23rd because all the key Brexit tests made by politicians and parties are not being met.Join him and thousands more here: @campbellclaret @Peston 
Clear political process in Northern Ireland behind the people - talk of a referendum is unnecessary. U.K. parliament should listen to uk citizens and #TrustAllWomen 
Ireland votes to repeal abortion ban: A look at the referendum  
#JacobReesMogg says he doesn’t wish to be PM, he’s playing with words, it’s as clear as daylight that when he decides to get rid of Theresa & Boris ( which he will ) his reasoning will be he had no choice but to take the reigns for the sake of Brexit  
Photos: Supporters of the “yes” vote celebrate in Dublin on Saturday, when results of the referendum on legalizing abortion showed that it had passed by a surprising landslide  
BREXIT: Farmers want to continue hiring overseas workers after Brexit /#EU #Brexit #Agriculture #PeoplesVote 
That's right. Life's a bitch, isn't it? You can have your dreams of brexit or you can face reality. Your choice.  
Abortion vote in Irish referendum is a triumph of choice over barbarism  
PRS is a good example of Brexit. Turning our back on opportunities to collaborate. Reducing FDI. Forcing companies to move work out of the UK. All the time arguing we can do it ourselves when we don't have the money, and our ability to do it is in the hands of others. /End 
Which is going to be a matter of arguing we should have our own military GPS system because of Brexit, rather than any of the things the other 193 countries want, 192 of which will no doubt argue "We told you don't do that, how is this now our problem?" 
Firstly, we knew the US had trouble attaining access to PRS, EFTA countries do not have access, why did anyone think we were going to retain access after Brexit? 
Ireland's prime minister will propose legislation that allows abortions in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy after the country's historic referendum 
A referendum was needed in ROI due to their constitution. This doesn't apply & is not needed in NI. CEDAW have said our law violates human rights & human rights shouldn't be put to a public vote. Westminster must bring forward legislation #TimeforChange 
Abortion referendum should be held in NI - Tory MP  
The £64 Billion (& counting) Question: is #Brexit worth it?So far it's a resounding NO!Sovereignty? We had it all along.£ for #NHS? Nope! We'll have to sell the NHS to pay for Brexit.Brexit benefits? Nobody can name one. Not one. After 2yrs!No wonder @TomTugendhat is cagey! 
If we fail to back the EEA amendment which locks in economic and social protections and then fail to oppose the Tory Brexit deal which undoubtedly wrecks the fabric of the country, we will be complicit in bringing the country to its knees.We must oppose. 
This is where London's bankers are moving after Brexit  
Still no comment from @theresa_may on the #RepealedThe8th referendum result.Tory Feminism: Giving more importance to 10 creationist DUP troglodytes than over half the population of the world.  
We do not need a referendum to change the law. Stormont and Westminster both have the power to  act. They needed a referendum to #RepealThe8th as it was constitutional reform. A referendum would not be binding.  @BBCRadio4 #theworldthisweek 
People in Britain trying to link the Irish abortion referendum to Brexit  
It seems as if Brexit was all about racism. EU Nationals first. Then the Windrush Generation and basically anyone not White and British. I have never felt so ashamed of being born in Britain. 
It is simply patriotism and, to me, if you're not fighting Brexit you're not British. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead 
.Will Theresa May allow women in NI to be the ONLY 2nd class women in these islands in order to protect her govt & its Brexit?"Demuring to the DUP would put at loggerheads with some of most powerful women in her party & risk angering British voters.". 
The populist answer to this is, "we'll simply make the components in this country" a stupid answer which their clueless supporters will cheer and break into 'Rule Britannia'...only stopping when the penny finally drops. 
Elections watchdog budgets £829,000 for EU election despite Brexit  
The Irish had a citizens' assembly interrogate the issue and they saw the legislation they were voting for. UK voters saw a lie printed on the side of a bus and still don't know what Brexit will mean. Also, are you still here? Shouldn't you be at a eugenics conference somewhere?  
“The Irish Referendum yesterday was an impressive show of democracy which delivered a clear and unambiguous result. I congratulate the Irish people on their decision and all of #Together4Yes on their successful campaign.” – PM @theresa_may #repealedthe8th 
Anne Milton, a government minister no less says "no one really knows what is going on" with Brexit but that we should simply "get on with it". The political bankruptcy of this government laid bare for all to see. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Want to read #Darling, my debut 'Brexit thriller' described by generous, best-selling, fellow authors as 'dark, provocative and refreshing' and 'unputdownable'? To win a signed, personalised copy please RT and follow.  I'll select the winner on Monday 4th June. 
The EU is to ban plastic straws, stirrers, cutlery, cotton buds and balloon sticks in a bid to tackle plastic waste, promoting urgent calls for the UK to follow Brussels’ lead after Brexit, if it goes ahead.#UseLessPlastic #LessOceanPlastic 
Ruth where is your growth report for Brexit? In fact where is ANY of your consultative literature for the worst decision ANY Country has EVER made to affect their long term economy!! SCOTLAND DEMANDS YOU PRODUCE DETAILED DOCUMENTATION!! Or a positive case for the Union, Waiting!!  
So activists went into the #8thref enormously well armed, well informed and motived. We knew what we were facing. We saw #brexit & #trump and were forearmed and prepped about the tactics we'd face. 
Ian Duncan Smith speaking for the nation on #Ridge “As the single largest trading partner for the EU, 5th largest economy in the world, we need to put our foot down a bit more, we need to say ‘give us a call when you want to talk about it’”#Brexit  
Theresa May Under Pressure Amid Ireland Abortion Referendum  
Feeling a little sorry for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg if he truly believes that Trump isn't going to charge GB more for US medicine post Brexit, simply because "GB and US are old friends" if that's what he truly believesIf he's wrong, he'll have a lot to answer for in years to come #marr 
To be in the EEA means retaining all EU regulations and policies, barring reform and new trade. The Customs Union means no external trade deals on goods, adopting EU product regulations on our domestic economy and suffering EU import taxes – how does that respect the Brexit vote?  
If you still think this is an acceptable price to pay for Brexit, then you seriously need to wake up.  
Brexit is falling apart. The voices left are increasingly shrill, increasingly deranged and long since stopped claiming anything good will come from it. They're left only with hollow, divisive dogma.Shoulders to the wheel, Brexit is coming off the rails.  
The Irish Church after the Referendum must renew its commitment to support life.  The Church is called to be pro-life  not just in words & statements & manifestoes but to be pro-life by being a Church which reflects the loving care of Jesus for human life at any stage. AB Martin 
Alastair Campbell: You think Brexit is bad now? Just wait till it actually happens   
There is no ‘plot’ to stop Brexit. It is an open, out & proud rebellion against the worst ever idea in British history. “Fears are rising of a plot to derail Brexit after it emerged that public money had been set aside for the next election to the European Parliament...” 
The world is not just poorer without Pierre, it is stupider. My favorite piece of Hassner wisdom: “You can ask the French anything you want in a referendum so long as the answer you want is no.”  
Seeing liberals celebrate a referendum on whether a category of human beings should have rights is quite something. 
Eurotunnel warns on Tory plans for post-Brexit customs  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is the only politician I have heard clearly articulating the fact that Brexit is a purely a negotiation about a trade deal. Anything else they want from us is incidental to that. 
Brexit:The writing is on the wall.#bbcsp #SundayMorning 
Having lived in UK 2014-2016 I can only imagine what things would look like there now if they’d been through a citizens assembly and parliamentary committee and government laid out what happens if proposal passed for the Brexit referendum. Our politics is not as bad as we think. 
On #marian they were giving out about politicians from the No side being vilified. They are the ones that tried to block the Referendum, went around saying Politicians shouldn't be trusted and allied themselves with some if the darkest forces this country has ever seen. 
Irony:We call Brexit a vote against the "establishment" due to a complete lack of trustBut Remainers are the ones who didn't trust the establishment to be able to negotiate a good deal for Britain. Whereas Brexit-voters are putting their complete trust in the establishment now 
Brexit is a pointless whim. It’s so obviously a stupid idea: just stop it. “Eurotunnel warns on Tory plans for post-Brexit customs  
While so many with the power and money to do so continue to contest Brexit and democracy, this superb film from @spikedonline is well worth another viewing!Brilliant contributions from @PaulEmbery @GiselaStuart @Tom_Slater_  and other's.Watch it here: 
Telling politicians we're going to get them at the ballot box is not viscious. Politicians trying to force children to bear their rapists' babies, and voting to deny us a referendum on that is pretty viscious. #marian 
Alastair Campbell - People are getting more and more concerned about #Brexit... the way to get rid of brexit & get it over with is to give the people a #PeoplesVote on the final deal so it can be rejected. #StopBrexit #FBPE #marr  @campbellclaret 
We don't need a referendum in Northern Ireland. Stormont (when sitting) already has the power to change the law. Additionally, human rights are not devolved, as highlighted by CWDAW - so Westminster have always had the power to change abortion law. Both just haven't, yet. #bbcsp 
"The country should just come together on the Brexit debate".Given that by 2021, the UK population will be one that voted Remain, and increasingly so as time goes on...On which side do you think we should all be coming together?  
Most of the 6 tests have already been proven to be impossible. Therefore Labour must opposed Brexit. Rather than trying to convince 2/3 of their voters to get behind Brexit, they should be explaining to 1/3 of their voters why they cannot support Brexit.The 6 tests have failed. 
Boring, boring Brexity middle aged men who suddenly care about the abortion referendum having showed no previous interest: jog on, you are irrelevant. 
... "Eurotunnel has issued a stark warning that UK businesses and consumers will face serious economic costs if the government adopts either of the post-Brexit customs models being considered by Theresa May’s government." ...#StopBrexit 
Do not make the mistake in voting for FG over this referendum. They are still perpetrating economic violence every day and political scandals have shown how undemocratic they are and whose side they are on.For clarification Denis O'Brien and the rest of the rich.  
I’m not saying this is closing because of brexit but ..... they do supply a lot of t shirts for concerts into Europe - they are printed on then sent to the continent .... I have just delivered some to Wembley for game of thrones  
...as Brexit threatens to ground every single flight into or out of the country, putting him out of business.  
The North does NOT need a referendum. We need a functioning government or in the alternative legislative change from Westminster that’s all! #Abortion #MarriageEquality 
Anna is never one to miss an opportunity to link Brexit to yet more project fear. Anna was also elected on a Leave ticket but Anna obstructs #Brexit at every turn.  
This is what people were saying to me when I was in Belfast a few weeks ago. A lot of chat about feeling culturally and politically closer to ROI than UK especially since Brexit ref.  
What could possibly explain Theresa May's silence on the Irish abortion referendum.....?  
“The Customs Union on its own does not solve the seamless border issue… if we were to stay as a rule taker, as a vassal state, for an indeterminate period, that I think would not be delivering on Brexit,” says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
This is Nigel's "firm" condemnation of violence (if the People overturn Brexit) today on #FarageOnLBC.(See below for why both of these clips are extremely problematic) 
A timeline highlighting how ‘Brexit’ belongs entirely to @CONservatives.Note: @jeremycorbyn was elected leader for a second time- overwhelmingly- AFTER Ref. result. Also note: JC increased vote share & MPs @ the GE AFTER ref. result.He can’t stop Brexit.#Marr  
Brilliant from @campbellclaretBrexit hurts the poorLabour must oppose it fullyNot to do so would be a betrayal of UK citizens and Labour membershipTime for #NoBrexitIf Keir Starmer’s six tests mean anything he must oppose Brexit | Alastair Campbell  
An excellent addition to the Brexit debate (helps with @theneweuropean shortlisting for our weekly villains too) 
We're going to build a lorry parkIt's going to be a big oneHUUUUUUUUGE in factThe biggestBecause the fucking Brexeratti thinks an enormous fucking lorry park in Kent that you'll probably be able to fucking see from fucking space is a fucking Brexit success.  
The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator has said that the UK must accept the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice in order to achieve a successful withdrawal treaty and transition period when leaving the EU  
Can someone tell the bloke on #bbcsp from Conservative Home that NI doesn't want or need a referendum- it needs political leadership  and legislation.The referendum was necessary down South because abortion was a constitutional matter - that obstruction doesn't exist in NI 
To remove the terrible harm that is the 8th, in a referendum campaign run and led by women, this is a momentous day after a historic, grassroots campaign @OrlaNWCI #together4yes 
Bloody hell there's a lot of idiotic commentary trying to compare the Irish abortion referendum and the Brexit one this morning. The only comparison worth making is to note that the Irish one had a clear question, clear outcomes, a clear constitutional role, and a clear result. 
Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer said to be deeply unhappy about this article claiming he "is taking us for fools" on his six Brexit tests, and rang his constituent Alistair Campbell first thing this morning to complain.  
Basketcase Theresa May’s Media Militia defending it’s ‘racist lawns’ from Monocle Wearing Lord Oity Toity Rees Mogg, Man of the privileged of the self entitled, May v Rees Mogg the Tory battle for the Brexit racist heart of Englandshire  
It occurred to me this morning that if the @Conservatives are thinking of holding a snap General Election later this year, it could well be because they know something is approaching that will stop the progress towards #Brexit - perhaps one of the legal actions?#a50challenge 
Listening to Saturday radio catch up, this news item came on ‘lorries stacked up on the road to Dover so only one lane for cars with a 40 mile tail back’. This on a normal Saturday pre #Brexit! A taste of things to come @dontbrexitfixit @Femi_Sorry @mrjamesob @acgrayling 
Lord Mandelson described a ‘gathering storm’ on Brexit that was likely to break into a political crisis.  
The government has given £829,000 to the Electoral Commission for the European elections next year —two months after we are due to leave the EU.Is May planning to leave or not?Now a big question!#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Northern Irish ban on abortion and equal marriage is harder to justify when DUP argues there must be no divergence between NI and rest of the UK on Brexit. 
This is really important. At last a CEO spells out where the crazed trio Mogg/Johnson/Gove - and their allies- are taking us. The destruction of the Uk car industry       On the road to Carmageddon: Hard Brexit will drive industry to ruin  via @MailOnline 
The UK doesn't have a constitution that requires a referendum in order to be amended. YOU & your government CAN legalise abortion thru parliamentary vote. So go on - do it!  
Can we have a referendum on housing and homelessness. The turnout & result I feel would break all records as it is a basic human right but seems the system can’t address it. Some feel they are incompetent others feeel they don’t want to. Let’s make them 
You know what is sick, and heartbreaking? The young people of Ireland being given the opportunity to make an informed decision about their lives & young people in the UK being denied that opportunity over Brexit because  to cover up JC’s pro Brexit beliefs is more important  
Scotland said NO to the Tories in EVERY GE. We meant it! Scotland said NO to the Tories in EVERY SG election. We meant it! Scotland said NO to Brexit. We meant it.  
Brexiteers now say its "complicated" when they're not busy blamimg Remainers for Brexit not going as swimmingly well as they had promised. Brexit was promised as "simplest thing in the world" with massive dividends but now a damage linitation exercise for Brexiteers. Predictable!  
.@moneillsf speaking about Brexit on Peston on Sunday “Sinn Féin bring our influence by holding the Irish government to account - we are an all island party. We are very strong in Europe & have brought our arguments to them. I also engage directly with the EU and Theresa May.”  
To Jeremy Corbyn "Listen to your members, stop helping the Tories deliver Brexit and give people a vote on the final deal" Well said @vincecable  #Marr #bbcsp #PeoplesVote 
The next referendum we have should be about making it illegal for the British media to ever cover or talk about Irish politics. 
More intelligent than your average Brexit supporter...  
Just because a majority of people think something for whatever reason, it doesn’t make it right, moral or indeed lawful. A referendum in support of capital punishment wouldn’t suddenly make that just- & Brexit will never be a good idea just because 51.9% thought it was on the day 
Despite my initial considerable happiness at Jeremy Corbyn’s election as leader (for whom I voted), my membership will not be renewed as long as the party continues to assume its cowardly position on #Brexit Remaining in Europe is the only way to guarantee workers’ rights. 
Guys maybe there's no Brexit take on the Irish referendum? Just a thought. 
Brexit means keeping all rules, regs, everything as now, except for:1. It will cost billions, which U.K. cannot afford2. We will have no say, no vote, no veto3. It may break up the UK, goodbye Union Jack4. NHS will be sold, so people who cannot pay will die, like in the USA 
Brexit means pirates, yaaarrrrgggghhhhh.  
Who is stopping the people of Northern Ireland holding their own referendum on 'abortion & a womens right to chose'? Two women are #Tory #TheresaMay & #DUP Arlene Foster - #NorthernIrelandReferendum pic.twitter.com/fp4P7o2KFz 
Yes, I believe we are at a juncture because more and more people see how self-harming Brexit is. Yes, there is change. But the inroads made could be so much more advanced if someone just had the guts to address what actually delivered the result. 15/ 
So the difference between Ireland’s referendum and the EUref couldn’t be any bigger! And that brings me to what I think remains the key problem in the UK: The Irish referendum progressively addressed the defining issue. The UK continues to avoid doing exactly that even now. 6/ 
First of all, in Ireland the referendum was a specific question with the aim to changing an aspect of Ireland’s written constitution. Specific question >> clear knowledge of what the change would be. 2/ 
I’ve seen a lot of Brexiters use the Irish referendum to rile against Remainers and for the need to respect the EUref result. Ok, let’s look at that — and let me also flag again what I think remains the key issue in the UK: 1/ 
If Brexit is stopped, brextremists like Jacob Rees Mogg will have themselves to blame. If they'd accepted a Norway option, it would've been hard for Remainers to oppose. But Hard Brexit bears no relation to referendum vote. We are entitled to stop & stop it we will. #marr  
Hear, hear @campbellclaret.. Tories & Lab are failing in their approach to Brexit.. A Peoples Vote is a must . #Brexit  #PeoplesVote 
Fight. Tom Watson loses his rag with Alistair Campbell's Brexit goading on : "You no longer decide Labour party policy. I know you want to, and they don't pay you very much on the New European". 
Results of the Irish referendum on abortion  
I've got to the point now, where I think anyone who is cheerleading brexit (after everything we now know) is evil or a 10th Dan imbecile 
WATCH | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is unimpressed by the latest intervention of Ivan Rogers. The media loves to quote him but we all remember that the bitter Remoaner stormed out of his job in a huff over Brexit. Massive bias!Support us at  pic.twitter.com/m0tVF0nAMH 
Your daily reminder that Soft Brexit means accepting all the rules the EU makes without having any say on them. It means paying the full fee with no more rebate and no more opt-outs. It means no MEPs, no EU elections, no say on an EU army.Soft Brexit turns UKIP lies into truth. 
No. They would say it was shameful that the Eighth Amendment was added to the Irish Constitution BY REFERENDUM in the first place, necessitating another in order to get rid of it.It takes a special  kind of ignorance to think this vote was a vindication of referenda.  
The Electoral Commission budgeted £800,000 for a post-Brexit European Parliamentary election. @Nigel_Farage asks: Are we leaving the EU? #FarageOnLBC 
I'd love to live through last Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday again, only this time knowing the result.Because I could *feel* the Repeal! The badges, the smiles, the beeping, the sunshine, the Yes crowds on bridges. But I was afeerd to trust it because of Brexit/Trump 
This is such a weird take. It’s perfectly consistent to oppose referendums in principle and to celebrate the result of a referendum when it goes the way you wanted.  
WHY ARE ALL THESE PEOPLE BEING SO WILFULLY DUMB. The POINT of the Six Tests is demonstrating that Brexit is not possible on any good terms. THAT IS THE POINT. A CHILD COULD SEE THAT.  
Who runs #Brexit Britain? Who controls our media?Sarah Sands BBC Radio 4 Today editor lunching at a garden party with Murdoch, Farage and Liam Fox. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
WATCH | "If we to stay as a rule-taker - as a vassal state - for an indeterminate period, that would not be delivering on Brexit" @Jacob_Rees_Mogg demolishes the daft idea of customs union participation.Support us at  
A Clean break from #EU will allow Britain to take back control of its laws, borders, trade & money.To Leave EU is to #Leave:Single MarketCustoms UnionJurisdiction of ECJEU Common Agricultural PolicyEU Common Fishing PolicySign if you agree.#Brexit 
No one should deny the people of Northern Ireland a Referendum for the opportunity to have the same rights on abortion as the rest of the UK  
WATCH | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg expresses his concern about Theresa May's feeble Brexit negotiations. She has compromised and compromised and compromised - and got NOTHING in return!Support us at  
Losing the right to live, work, study or retire across our continent will be a HUGE LOSS. But it’s not too late to #StopBrexit if that’s what Britain wants. Help @Reasons2Remain to persuade Britain to consider a democratic U-turn on #Brexit. Please RT this short video.  
"I don't wish to be prime minister" Jacob Rees-Mogg says Theresa May has his "full support" and says his sole concern is that #Brexit will happen  #Marr 
Jacob Rees-Mogg lives a gilded life - and always has done - he will no more be affected by Brexit than the sun is by the splashing in his private swimming pool. #Marr 
Rees-Mogg is right. It’s the EU’s fault if we get a hard border. Bloody EU! Calling a referendum, making the UK Brexit therefore creating a border where there wasn’t one before. How dare they have control of their borders?! Only we’re allowed that! #marr 
“You misunderstand” Jacob Rees-Mogg tells @AndrewMarr9 yet again. So far he’s accused the @MarrShow ‘s eponymous host of not understanding Brexit trade rules, Northern Ireland, and emerging market investment. Only Mr Rees-Mogg understands all these things. 
'The government is wide open to be torn apart on Brexit' Come on, @Keir_StarmerNobody is buying your 'constructive ambiguity'You need to do as @campbellclaretsuggests, defend the vulnerable, and oppose Brexit full on 
Call me a tad cynical but I heard Michael Gove's plans for national parks in a "Green Brexit" and I thought "the bastards are going to frack the whole country and dump the waste under every bit of greenbelt they can't sell to their developer donors." 
#Marr why can’t Jacob Rees Mogg use his investment company to invest in Britain if it’s the case that Britain will do so well after Brexit? Instead he’s inexplicably investing in Russia 
referendums in Ireland totally different to the Brexit referendum. came with a package of detailed proposed legislation that was arrived after more than a year of consideration by a citizens assembly and then a parliamentary committee before permission for ref put to vote in Dail  
‘My sole ambition apart from being an MP is to ensure that Brexit happens,’ says Rees-Mogg. This underlines the fanaticism of the ultra-nationalists that care only about wrecking Britain. No ambition for everyday concerns such as health, education, the economy, housing... #marr 
The Irish referendum result has been greeted by cheers from the likes of the Guardian and its cappuccino commentariat: anyone would reckon they only like democracy when it delivers things they agree with and go back to despising it when it doesn’t 
Can anyone tell me why #Gove couldn't create new national parks whilst we're in the EU Yet another story to distract us from the mess this Tory govt are making of #Brexit; their plans will make the economy shrink by far more than it did in 2008 & 52% didn't vote for that#Marr 
Lots of people saying that the movement that campaigned to #RepealThe8th shows a different form of politics took over. Maybe, but remember that the referendum happened because @KZapponeTD got elected, was willing to enter government, and insisted the issue go to a CA as the price 
Pretty sure Ivan Rogers is familiar with all of those documents & agreements you cite, Jacob Rees-Mogg, & he's still telling you you're talking rubbish. Still baffled as to why people believe JRM on anything over #Brexit #Marr 
Brexit is complicated says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on @MarrShow.And yet during the referendum he said it would be easy and simple. All a bit late now to tell the truth. 
All the emerging facts about the true consequences of Brexit prove beyond doubt that the Govt FAILED in its duties to inform themselves and us BEFORE the referendum. They have put the security of the UK and it's people at greater risk than from terrorism. They MUST be prosecuted 
Very impressive from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on #Marr. He gets the detail of Brexit and schooled Andrew Marr. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg on #marr calmly and quietly explaining that his "solution" to Brexit and customs borders is just to tolerate quite a lot of smuggling and hope that the EU will too. 
PRESSURE: @Jacob_Rees_Mogg urged to strike now and force Theresa May to push through a clean, hard Brexit by fellow MPs.'No more Mr Nice Guy, Jacob. Show some steel.’ 
“Let us speak the plain truth... What is driving this country headlong into a chaotic and punishing Brexit is a blind desire to cut immigration.” A must read by @chakrabortty : #Brexit is based on a lie.  
‘Una Mullally: Referendum shows us there is no Middle Ireland, just Ireland’ - the middle Ireland we were told to reach was always just us, all of us, talking to each other about all of this ... finally.  
I would vote to support an extension of abortion rights to all women across the whole UK. As this is a devolved issue, if  an amendment is not accepted by the Speaker, then there should at very least be a referendum in N Ireland on this issue. 
The economic malaise isn't even the worst aspect of Brexit; losses of rights, freedoms & environmental protections all contribute to make this one of the greatest political catastrophes in British history. Taking back control? Don't make me laugh. 
 ‘Labour is also under growing pressure to take a stronger anti-Brexit line’  
Irish ppl voted on specific change to written constitution, based on a fair idea of what the enacting legislation would be. Brexit: open-ended question, little discussion of how it would work, no enacting legislation, no clear way to interpret result vis a vis Parliament. 
Forget the bit about the philosopher; this is a superb piece on the French-Anglo relationship and Paris-London rivalry in the light of Brexit.  
‘How tragic if we saved the UK car industry from one damaging political ideology in the militant 1970s only to lose it to another in 2018.’ Powerful piece by Unipart boss John Neill on Brexit dangers  
It’s time the UK left Earth and took its rightful place in the Universe. Time for a referendum to leave all other people behind. Let’s aim for Univeral Britain   
And this is the Tories Idea of one of the great benefits of Brexit !!...They are dysfunctional, incompetent and definitely unfit to run our country....Except into certain disaster !!...BREXIT MUST BE STOPPED NOW !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
"Eurotunnel has issued a stark warning that UK businesses & consumers will face serious economic costs if the government adopts either of the post-Brexit customs models [&] that the necessary technology... may not be ready until several years after Brexit" 
Irish abortion referendum: New laws by end of the year - Irish PM  
After praise for the Irish referendum, Brexiters think they've found a flaw in the Remain argument because they can't tell the difference between a vote designed to return rights to half the population and one designed to strip rights from 100 per cent of the population. 
a) The Irish constitution requires referendums for change b) abortion access is actually a lot less complicated than Brexit c) THE IRISH CONSTITUTION REQUIRES REFERENDUMS FOR CHANGE  
Noson diddorol neithiwr / we had a fascinating discussion about the cultural and historic implications for  #Wales following the Brexit referendum. Gyda / with @SwanseaUni’s @DanielGwydion, @angharadcloss, @SeimonBrooks & @JasmineDonahaye #HayFestival2018 
Most Irish people think referendum posters should be banned  
May had the audacity to insinuate that people who disagree w Brexit are traitors. Well, what do you call a PM who tricks UK into accepting an act of wanton self-harm with a lie that the ref was the decision, end of? I'm not begging for #PeoplesVote but for justice. #A50Challenge 
“@vincecable: ‘We’re in the curious situation where leader of Opp refuses to oppose Tories on biggest issue facing the UK in decades. If Lab leadership joined us, we could defeat the Tories’ chaotic hard Brexit, but instead he is helping them at virtually every opportunity’”  
Rees-Mogg's firm has poured a fortune into Russian companies  via @MailOnline ... If brexit is going to be so good, why has he not invested in GB? 
From 13/12/17 “Ruth Davidson has, for several months, refused to be interviewed by BBC Scotland on a string of controversial issues. Brexit and the controversial DUP deal being the most obvious.”  
The best thing about the Irish vote was that, unlike the class, race and generational divisions that characterised votes for both Brexit and Trump,  the whole country - town and country, young and old, rich and poor - united behind women’s right to choose   
Just a thought: the people who fought and lost the 1983 8th amend referendum weren’t ordered out of public life for being a minority opinion. The right of a minority to offend the majority with its opinions is a cornerstone of a free country. 
Pro-EU Tory MP rebels will be targeted by Leave voters to back Theresa May over vital Brexit votes  
Brussels - and now Geneva too. Will you join me in calling for a referendum on leaving the WTO, @Nigel_Farage? Those foreigners must learn their place!  
I’m confident Jeremy Corbyn will remember his promises to listen to the members and to see proper debate back at conference  - and allow this year’s conference to debate and vote on a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit  
Or better still @RuthDavidsonMSP should produce a 350 page document explaining how we are better to stay under union?  With a section on how Scotland is better together with an English Brexit forced upon us?  #ChallengeUnion #QuestionUnion @theSNP 
It doesn't need a referendum. Nor do most issues. Policy and legislation can be developed in a consultative way without the expense of referenda. 
After a landslide 'yes' in the Irish abortion referendum, the Taoiseach still has to take it to the Dáil to be debated. That's the bit May left out on Brexit, because there is no merit to leaving the EU & she knows it. Gov't conned the country with Corbyn's connivance #StopBrexit 
“British negotiators have failed to convince the EU that it accepts the consequences of Brexit” -  “EU isn’t convinced the U.K. accepts that withdrawal from the bloc means it can’t participate in the way it could as a member”No shit, Sherlock! #BrexitUtopia 
Sir Vince Cable told the Press Association: “I believe in the principle of the right to choose" (in relation to the peoples vote in the Irish referendum).But he wants to overturn the wishes of the British people when it comes to Brexit.Are those the words of a hypocrite? 
New wave of national parks could be created under Michael Gove's plans for 'Green Brexit.' Possibly including the #Chilterns. Oh please. This from Tory Ministers who've spent 8 years ramming #HS2 through heart of already "protected" Chilterns. Hypocrites. 
In my years of reporting I never saw such raw emotion on display as yesterday. Here’s my report from the street of Dublin in the wake of the referendum result  
80 tech leaders in the UK including Samsung, TechCrunch, and Deloitte Digital are urging the government to support a #peoplesvote on the terms of Brexit, including a choice to remain in the EU.  
‘It is impossible to imagine the deal that could be secured from the current “screwed-up, botched, delusional shambles” (Dominic Cummings) which meets Labour’s six tests for Brexit.’ Great article by @TheNewEuropean editor at large @campbellclaret  
This makes me so sad, the UK not included. Brexit is stealing the future of our children 
Well Done Brit's for standing up for someone you believe in for once. And at such short notice.If you can do this for Tommy and Free speech Why don't you do this for BREXIT  
Basketcase Theresa May’s Media Militia defending it’s racist lawns from Monocle Wearing Lord Oity Toity Rees Mogg, Man of the privileged of the self entitled, May v Rees Mogg the Tory battle for the Brexit racist heart of Englandshire  
We could become a 3rd world country with #Brexit, but many unionists would still believe Scotland deserved no better. Let's just accept some people want Scotland to fail. Now for the rest of us, we have some work to do. #GrowthCommission #indyref2 
I'm in the vanguard of Nat troops criticising MisReporting Scotland, but this is untypically fair and perceptive suggesting eg how our reaction to Brexit can actually make accepting Independence easier in the mind. Respect!  
Civil servants should know their place, rather than indulge in anti-Brexit black ops  
I'm a former Today listener. Like many, found the pro Conservative & pro Brexit bias infuriating. Stopped listening. Stopped using BBC News web site as well. Cameron appointed his chums to influential positions in BBC, turning national broadcaster into state broadcaster. 
Theresa May is backtracking on taking back UK fishing waters from the EU. Our waters have been drained for decades by the EU & UK politicians did nothing. We have lost thousands of jobs, billions in tax income & local economies have collapsed. Brexit means we take back our waters  
May is remainer in chief. May never supported Brexit & is still working to destroy it. May has had 2 years to negotiate trade deals with non EU countries, setup a new immigration system,rebuild UK fishing, prepare UK courts for the end of EU courts & law but May has done nothing.  
For all my new English speaking followers:We initiated Germany’s first cycling bill via a referendum. Just before passing it in the Berlin parliament the Socialist party @spdberlin is stopping it for some populism reasons. Very sad. Read more at  
No Deal is better than a Bad Deal ... Walk Away Today.#Brexit #LeaveEU @Conservatives @UKLabour 
Second vote to stop Brexit is credible, says British lawyer who wrote Article 50‘Commons could decide that it isn’t what the people were told to expect and so the people should be asked: ‘Are you prepared to settle for this? Is it OK, or shall we stay?’ 
Zeus’s irritation with Brexit.  
Not to forget this little beauty from 2013 Anthony. The blame for Brexit lies directly at the door of the ConDems.Blaming Labour is a deflection and nothing more   
Dear English commentators who have spent the last two years slating referendums and public intelligence after #Brexit and are now celebrating the #8thref in Ireland,Democracy is great - told you so. Can you now stop being so down on it. #RepealedThe8th 
When they protect jihadists & pedophiles by arresting people who bring awareness to their grotesque crimes against humanity, you know you are being run by GLOBALIST criminal trash #FreeTommyRobinson #FreeTommy #Brexit #MAGA #GreatAwakening 
"If I have a daughter, I will name her Savita, after you" - a note at a mural of Savita Halapannavar. So moving to see the emotions of the women of Ireland who campaigned for Yes in the referendum to repeal the abortion ban - and won a landslide victory!  
Today marks the anniversary of the #1967Referendum. View our online exhibition and explore history: The Referendum Australia Had to Have #NRW2018 #DontMakeHistoryaMystery #RightWrongs 
Also on GPS tomorrow at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. ET on CNN: I'm joined by Tony Blair to discuss the rise of populism in the West, extremism, Brexit and more. 
PROFESSOR BHAER:- European (TM)- ambiguous sexuality (see above)- drinks too much coffee- just wants u to be ur best self- not as old as u used to think- embodiment of “is this what ~mature~ love feels like?”- do not ask him about Brexit  
Ireland votes by a landslide to ditch its strict abortion laws in a landmark referendum hailed by Prime Minister Varadkar as a ‘quiet revolution’, triggering scenes of jubilation in DublinPaul Faith @pa_faith and Barry Cronin captured the scene for @AFP 
The #British ppl voted for #Brexit but leaders wont deliverPpl being imprisoned for tweets & FB postsPpl being imprisoned for reporting epidemic Islamic rapePpl being imprisoned for reporting on ppl being imprisonedThis is the future the left wants for #USNo rights no 1A/2A 
it now appears mainly law abiding non racist British people are getting pushed into a corner where they are fighting for their country, not just for Brexit but the abuse of our rights for the sake of some minorities.Organised by Blair/EU in 90’s, the wheels are now coming off 
"We made history," read a sticker on one woman's shirt as hundreds gathered at Dublin Castle to celebrate the result of Ireland's referendum on abortion  
Its the 51st anniversary: 1967 Referendum where 90.77% of voted YES re: 2 sections of the Constitution - specific to Aboriginal ppl. Changes: counted in the Nat. Census & Parliament gained power to make ‘special’ laws for us.Also the beginning of #nationalreconciliationweek 
If it is @realDonaldTrump plan to define MSM as the opposition party in the fall, largely ignoring the Democrats and trying to make every race a referendum on media and their role as unelected, unrepresentative, out-of-touch, privileged elites, it was a very good day 4 the plan. 
The indefatigable Irish people helped make New York the great city it is today. Yesterday, they overwhelmingly passed a referendum to give women across Ireland a right they were long owed. Congratulations on taking an important step towards equality.  
The real reason why Rees-Mogg wants Brexit. His Russian bank is subject to sanctions by the EU. Invest in Britain ? Not so much, another John Redwood.   
Ireland voted by a landslide to ditch its strict abortion laws in a landmark referendum that Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said had finally lifted decades of stigma and shame. #WorldNews 
In the past three years alone, Ireland has now overturned a ban on abortion, installed a gay man as prime minister and has voted in another referendum to allow same-sex marriage.  
Brexit: Lisbon calling - unfortunately, there's no way of telling whether London is listening. It used to be "London calling" but now the shoe is on the other foot. But it's a long way from Lisbon to London. I'm not sure sound carries that far.  #Brexinfo. 
Walked past a couple with the cutest dog. Started speaking dog. They asked “what’s your accent?” And they instantly started talking about the referendum and how happy they are for Ireland. So great to encounter this when so far from home. #RepealedThe8th #ThankyouIreland 
Sad..@BBCr4today was my morning staple but they've forgotten:1. Balance≠Equating Informed Comment with Uninformed BS2. Impartiality=Challenging BS Equally & Impartially3. To research subjects4. To keep interviewees on the hook5. Govt line on #Brexit shld not be @BBCNews one 
What a moment for democracy and women’s rights. Tonight, I spoke with Taoiseach @campaignforLeo and his team and congratulated them on the Yes side’s referendum victory legalizing abortion in Ireland. #repealedthe8th 
Voters in Ireland chant "yes" in Dublin Castle on Saturday while awaiting the results of the country's historic referendum on abortion. Ireland voted overwhelmingly in favor of overturning a 35-year-old ban on abortion. (Video: @karadaniellefox / CNN)  
You got to love these guys pretending Brexit is something other than a national humiliation. Once again, Irish people knew what they were voting for. You STILL don’t know. Buh-bye  
Dear Mr Hannan @DanielJHannan, your Brexit, it's success and failure, all yours. You fucking own it.  
"Britons who move to EU countries before the post-Brexit transition period ends ... will be granted rights similar to those available today, although with some gaps, including the right to onward movement between member states."#FBPE 
One thing we've learned over time is just how much our #PoliticalClass loathe the people they claim to represent. #TheresaMay is simply the latest of the pro-#EU stooges destined to betray the #British people! This #TRAITOR @theresa_may must GO! #MayMustGo #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC 
Theresa May will go down not only as a useless BREXIT prime minister, but one of the most dangerous individuals ever to hold the posts of Home Secretary and PM where Britain's proud history as a democracy is concerned. #MayDay 
#OnThisDay in 1967, over 90% of Australians voted 'yes' in a referendum that changed how Indigenous people were referred to in the #Constitution. Learn more:  #RightWrongs #1967Referendum #NRW2018 #DontKeepHistoryaMystery 
#Brexit...megalomaniac intellectually challenged wankers...followed by supine, forelock tugging bastards who have no intellect to challenge....please feel free to use this as the definitive given because of what we now know.. pic.twitter.com/Q4w7sIff9p 
See views from Ireland where supporters of the "yes" campaign are celebrating a decisive win in the country's abortion referendum  
@albawhitewolf is a passionate, young, articulate opponent of Brexit and supporter of the EU.  She is making a vast contribution to intelligent debate.  I am not sure what contribution your tweet makes to it ... 
Prominent Tory donor calls for Theresa May to resign to save Brexit 
BREXIT: Scottish Labour group backs vote on final Brexit deal  / #EU #Brexit #Labour #Scotland 
Some movement here. I still maintain that if LP switched to unequivocal opposition to Brexit it could bring down the govt, precipitate a GE and win it. Of course, Corbyn would need to go. 
“I hate what [Jeremy Corbyn] has done to the Labour party and his position on Brexit... the Labour party is meant to be the party for working people and working people are going to get absolutely shafted by Brexit.”  
We don't need a referendum to make a change in NI.We need political leadership. 
"We made history," read a sticker on one woman's shirt as hundreds gathered at Dublin Castle to celebrate the result of Ireland's referendum on abortion  
The cards left with tributes to Savita have multiplied since the announcement of the final referendum results.  
#NRW2018 Day 1 ‘mystery’ – today marks the anniversary of the 1967 Referendum – a momentous occasion that altered Australia’s constitution. Learn how via @ABC:  #DontKeepHistoryaMystery #LearnShareGrow 
Irish pro-life campaign concedes defeat to Yes vote in historic abortion referendum  
Prime Minister of Ireland Leo Varadkar called the result of Ireland's referendum on abortion a “culmination of a quiet revolution that’s been taking place in Ireland for the past 10 or 20 years.” See photos of the reaction to the results.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg branded Remainers "Cave Dwellers" & said those trying to stop Brexit would damage the UK’s psyche.The damage that his ERG has wrought on the UK is already evident & it'll get much worse - with poor bearing the brunt #StopBrexit to StopReesMogg #Marr  #Ridge 
All leave voters by now must realise that vested interests and the establishment are planning to rob us of Brexit. None of us should vote for any MP that is a remainer, no matter what party they represent. Vote for a leave candidate or abstain. 
Today marks the start of #NRW2018 as well as the anniversary of the 1967 Referendum. This suitcase from our collection was used by Lambert McBride to carry pamphlets in his tireless campaigning for Indigenous rights throughout Queensland -  
'Face the reality' of Brexit and don't blame us when it goes wrong, EU's chief negotiator tells UK  
In the bathroom there's a group of women talking about the referendum and how they voted Yes and one girl tells them she told her parents today about her early twenties abortion and her dad said he knew (found the test receipt I think?) and he voted yes FOR HER and now I can't  
God's clearly had enough of Brexit#lightning 
#RepealedThe8th:  Leo Varadkar correctly told the Dáil last week that the referendum would not have been put on the political agenda without consistent pressure from TDs such as Clare Daly and Ruth Coppinger. 
Congrats Ireland! The 35-year-old abortion ban was just overturned with an overwhelming majority in a national referendum and a major blow to the Catholic church.  
#Ireland’s  quiet revolution continues: following 2015 referendum 2 legalise #gaymarriage, #Irish have now voted by landslide 2 legalise abortion. A victory for #women: Can it now be followed in Northern Ireland, #ElSalvador #Nicaragua #Malta & others? 
The reason why it’s interesting, is because irrespective of Brexit, the strategy that failed to deliver a majority last year, well it suggests it will continue not to work in the future. Because many Labour voters who happened to vote Leave aren’t obsessed by their Leave vote. 
It's a win-win: Tories threaten to walk out of Holyrood if Nicola Sturgeon bids to hold ScotRef without Westminster's permission. Davidson does not want a referendum because the union is on life support and it should be turned off.  
So the self-classed man of the people who basically riles daily against “the elite” seeking to “thwart Brexit” daily has bought himself a £5m mansion ... and apparently that’s front page-worthy too.  
If you're just coming home from mass tonight, or you go tomorrow morning, remember the Church basically sat on its hands re the Irish referendum on abortion. That's fine. I can sit on my hands until we have a new Pope. i want no part of Francis' church right now. 
Irish abortion referendum: 'We made history'  
Kellner does some Maths - Labour leave vote soft on Brexit... ie not all 2016 Leave voters are Brexiters. Of course this was self evident from the GE result, where they were asked to lend their votes to the PM to strengthen her Brexit mandate, and didn’t..  
The absolute state of this.Only a few hours apart, too.What happens when Brexit Derangement Syndrome becomes so chronic that it produces cognitive dissonance & total breakdown in self-awareness.  
Six hours ago, I sat down to do a quick write-up of reactions to Ireland's #RepealThe8th referendum and wound up writing 1100 words about its significance instead:  
"So beware, Brexit Britain – if you have no friends in a hostile environment – the dragons may come and get you." 
I used to kinda be ashamed of being Irish because of how the country was run by the church and still kinda is but idk after referendum I’m starting to feel proud I feel like my generation is at the forefront of a big social change and I like being a part of it 
Here’s another leave voter who has changed his mind on #brexit. He’s reacting to the confirmation that the #divorcebill will have to be paid before any trade deal. This is not what he voted for & is a #remainernow@fortune42 , you’re far from alone &  for writing to your MP! 
Brexit - trying to take the eggs out of a baked cake - James O'Brien on magnificent form  
Keira Knightley and Lily Cole's Remainer video may have breached Brexit spending rules. 
Europe cannot separate "itself" b/c there is no"self". Nordics,Netherlands,UK&US in increasing security alignment;Italy on cliff's edge; German split w/France underway;Visegrad&Austria on dif path;floundering Brexit;directionless Brexit;etc.  
So the EU applauds when 1.4m people in their puppet state vote “the right way” in a referendum - but sneer and deride the 17.4m who voted for freedom in our referendum.  Funny that.  
Catholic Archbishop of Dublin Dr Diarmuid Martin has expressed surprise at the outcome of the referendum, and reiterated that his church cannot compromise on its opposition to abortion  
Corbyn is becoming a lonely voice in the @UKLabour with his plans to support a Tory Brexit. Even his own luvvies in Momentum are starting to turn on him. It is time for @jeremycorbyn to represent the views of the party and its voters and not years of anti-EU dogma. #StopBrexit 
Let’s be very clear. What is debated at Labour Conference is decided by party members not by Jeremy Corbyn. So if members want a debate on Brexit all they need to do, is submit a motion! Simple. Let’s please say it as it is.  
This is a report on #brexit from Friday. Let’s remember we are almost 2 years since the #EURef & 14 months from A50 trigger & it’s clear govt is still clueless about the impossibility of achieving a #brexit that will not harm the UK!No wonder more & more leavers are #remainernow 
It’s this significant proportion of #Remainernow amongst @uklabour voters that shows how ridiculous the party’s leadership’s position on Brexit is. They are trying to go after votes of a shrinking group whilst putting off huge swathes of anti-brexit voters who are being betrayed!  
Want a long read for the Bank Holiday weekend? Try 'Forty years of failed political leadership', my latest Brexit Blog post:  
Today’s historic vote #irishreferendum is a huge step forward for #WomensRights it also has consequences for the future of the UK. Unless we deliver #Brexit with no hard border a united Ireland will become increasingly attractive to many in Northern Ireland. 
Really admire this guy. He's my #Brexit touchstone. His take on our referendum highlights some of the major difficulties with the one he's dealing with. Respect. #repealedThe8th 
I listened to @BBCr4today  every day since I started working. Spent the run up to the referendum switching off as so much rubbish went unchallenged. It’s been dire ever since - I try every so often but give up. Sad - like  losing an old friend. 
Nick Clegg - The EU has already provided the United Kingdom with a rich cake & the UK has been gorging itself on it. This government has been determined to imposed a one-eyed uncompromising interpretation of brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Well, the proposed national parks are currently the sites of car and other manufacturing plants. After a hard Brexit, they'll need to do something with the redundant real estate. 
Ps. Forgot to add my 65 year old Dad has not been to a political protest since the apartheid, but he said to me yesterday, “are you going to the anti-brexit March at end of June, if so I will join I feel I need to do at least something against this for my 4 grandkids”#stopbrexit 
When I started setting up these threads, they were meant as a refuge from the abuse from leavers. That seemed to work for a while, but I have noticed a change recently and it is one that I cannot support. We used to make good natured, satirical jokes about brexit in general. 1/3 
Brian Adcock on the Irish referendum on Abortion - political cartoon gallery in Putney  pic.twitter.com/9Wc9WrfLIA 
Brexit is the biggest con against ordinary people since the ruling classes persuaded them it was patriotic to die unnecessarily in their wars.WAKE UP and #StopBrexit#ABTV#FBPE 
My timeline being filled with ‘BALE’ made me think we were having another referendum 
Over 100,000 North East students demand new Brexit referendum.                      
When Brexit is a massive failure it will be the politicians and people of Britain who supported it that will be to blame and we WILL hold them to account for damage that they have done to Britain. The EU never wanted Brexit, it's not their fault. #StopBrexit 
It's funny how a referendum where the facts weren't known by either side led the people to basically vote half'n'half, but in a referendum with one clear issue and one clear outcome, the will of the people was 2 to 1 ... #RepealedThe8th 
66.4% to 33.6%. the super majority needed for a major constitutional change (like Brexit!)  
Irish TV reported in English throughout. Or are you suggesting that our English is not clear English?  Póg mo Hóin. The next referendum will be for a united Ireland. 
If Brexit isn't stopped now, we can kiss goodbye to rejoining for a generation.Ask any Brussels insider like @GuitarMoog & they'll say the same. 
We ran that picture in @TheNewEuropean but it's worth re-tweeting over and over again as it says a lot about how our journalism is being polluted by Brexit  
It's taken a Granite Brexit Welshman to win this cup. Greased up nancyboy Ronaldo was useless. Blue Passport Bale #UCLFinal 
Yes - which makes Brexit a massive waste of time & resources: because the UK’s future us in the EU, come what may. So Stop Brexit now & let’s get to work on what really matters.  
Brexit rebels in Scotland are aiming for another shot at independence  
My friend from the Islands was a No in 2014 told me last night that since the debacle that is Brexit and the treatment of the Scottish fisherman -being sold down the river - she will vote YES. #scotref.asap 
You don’t get it, none of you Leavers do, it’s not a football match, we’re not protesting Brexit because we lost the vote, I’ve only got the MP I voted for once.  It’s because we know Brexit will be a disaster and realise a referendum can’t make lies become truths. 
By this action against the people and protecting the despicable grooming gangs, this government have declared war against the people. Couple this to the betrayal  of the Brexit voters and they are going to face a backlash, even civil unrest and we will take down this  government.  
Ireland to act on abortion referendum within days, says Simon Harris  
This is probably the most powerful grass roots Social movement of this generation. Irish public opinion was ready for its argument but it mobilised the largest number that have ever voted in a referendum  
Voters in Ireland chant "yes" in Dublin Castle on Saturday while awaiting the results of the country's historic referendum on abortion. Ireland voted overwhelmingly in favor of overturning a 35-year-old ban on abortion. (Video: @karadaniellefox/CNN)  
Brexit goal that 
Ireland Abortion Referendum: Irish Abortion Ban Overturned | True News 
This was the turnout in #8thref compared to the Marriage Referendum in 2015 and Seanad Referendum two years earlier  
This was a referendum carried by all women, men, social classes, almost all age groups. We have for the first time a Constitution that trusts and respects women. This is the mandate we need to get the legislation passed by the end of the year @campaignforleo #together4tomorrow 
Many lessons of Irish referendum but one is that Church defended obviously cruel policy while secular society is morally far more advanced. Religion is not essential to the good life & is often inimical to it.  
How can Jeremy stop Brexit? Tories, with the DUP, have a majority. You keep telling Labour what to do but you have “left the party”. Who did you vote for in the GE? Because as I see it, it is YOU who is the Tory-hard-Brexit-enabler NOT Jeremy. 
Unionists can and do believe in abortion reform and same sex marriage. As you rightly celebrate a monumentous referendum result don’t use it as a stick to beat unionists with. #Unionists4change 
We will be marching with @BritishInEurope in London on 23rd June - will you join us?If there is to be a real #PeoplesVote it cannot exclude those most directly affected by #Brexit: UK citizens in EU27 and @The3Million in the UK 
“What are you doing Mammy?”“Why I’m feasting on the tears of conservative Irish-Americans who are poleaxed by the referendum result son”*drinks heartily* 
Almost 4 years since referendum. They've reflected on what went wrong. They've had a national conversation. They've done surveys and interviewed focus groups. Their growth commision deliberated for close to a couple of years. What new ideas do they have? Zilch. Nada, Nothing!  
The referendum result underlines the shrinking influence of the Irish Roman Catholic church #8thref 
#Patriotism  is not about making everyone stand and salute the flag.It is about living in a country where they want to salute the flag, sing their national anthem with pride and love their country.God save the Queen#Brexit #Conservatives #MGBA #bbcqt #bbcdp#UnionFlag 
From the bigoted, 2nd World War obsessed, sick man of Europe we grew to become the gateway to the EU & a beacon of racial tolerance & international influence. Britain was Great again. Only to vote for #Brexit to return to the nasty xenophobes we evolved from. Reverse evolution. 
With the Brexit collapse firmly under way, the slogan on that bus finally catches up with reality..  
Wow. The pubs are full of men tonight - all celebrating the Irish referendum. 
Irish abortion referendum: How it all unfolded  
Brexit benefits already kicking in  
I have been debating and tweeting about #Brexit since June 16.All the arguments they held are gone.And now we are down to the truth.Brexit is, and always was only about immigrants.Be honest with yourselvesIt's just about foreigners isn't it#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Amazed (and bemused) by how much attention this slightly tongue-in-cheek tweet is receiving. But I'm very sorry to see that a few people have interpreted it as anti-Ireland. Nothing could be further from what I intended: it is pro-Ireland and, more to the point, anti-Brexit.  
Corbyn under pressure to give members vote on Labour Brexit policy  
Brexit will cripple the British car industry. It will cost jobs, it will cost investment, it will cost exports. Any politician that says otherwise is lying to you. #StopBrexit 
Thanks to all those who worked on the mechanics of this referendum - those who worked in polling stations, count centers and the many other elements it takes to make democracy and voting a reality in Ireland. 
Brothers who moved to Ireland to live in a country without abortion claim referendum was 'rigged'  
Crowds in Dublin Castle celebrate as the referendum result is announced #8thref 
Note to Brexiters trying to compare the Irish referendum with the Brexit vote.  I tell you what you put it back to the country and get 67% of the vote and Remainers will shut up.Deal or No Deal? 
While it's absolutely right that the Labour party presently shares the blame for Brexit with the Tories, the same most certainly isn't true of their respective voters. While Tory voters are presently 3:1 in favour or Brexit, Labour voters are 3:1 *against*  
Savita Halappanavar died because she was refused an #abortion. Her death sparked the quiet revolution in Ireland  that led to the referendum victory. Her family says “thank you.”  via @guardian  
The most peculiar argument against a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal is that it will be ‘divisive.’ It will be much less divisive than the chaos & public anger that would ensue from Brexit, & the struggle to take Britain back into the EU in 5/10 years time 
Labour Party youth to Jeremy Corbyn. #Brexit  
Can’t believe the £billions being wasted on #Brexit. Some of it is MY money, I never wanted it so why should I pay? And whilst I’m on the subject, where is the £350,000,000 that Vote Leave promised the #NHS. The 48% must never let the bigots of the hook until we get it! 
The EU would almost certainly agree to extend the withdrawal deadline to allow time for a referendum, which is exactly what I've been pressing for since the beginning of this year. The referendum would most certainly have to offer the option to remain.  
“Today I feel accepted, loved, cherished.” Great article by @unamullally: Referendum shows us there is no Middle Ireland, just Ireland  via @IrishTimes 
On a once a year job for a regular - right on the border with Italy .... ( menton ) thought  id demonstrate freedom of movement whilst displaying the flag ( was around the time of the election ).. Italian police obliged and took a photo ! They don’t like brexit  
Referendum with a clear choice, an explanation of what yes and no would entail and a clear majority. And I am not expecting those who lost to get over it or to assume the result means they can no longer express their opinion. 
With all the votes in, it’s been confirmed that the turnout for yesterday’s referendum surpassed that of the same-sex marriage referendum  
“The result of today’s referendum is a profound tragedy for the Irish people and the entire world.” - @marjoriesba #ProLife 
A little taste of life outside the Customs Union. Get ready for that Brexit bureaucracy...  
Irish abortion referendum: The Republic of Ireland has voted overwhelmingly to overturn the abortion ban by 66.4% to 33.6%.  
HMRC has hired more than 1,000 civil servants to work on Brexit however the DWP can only manage a handful to work on the complaints of maladministration made by 50s born women which will take years to deal with.  Thanks for valuing our contribution so little. #WASPI 
A huge thank you to @NursepollyRgn who brought a level of compassionate experience to the referendum that was so much needed - thank you, thank you, thank you. #RepealedThe8th #together4yes 
I consider myself an average joe in most respects. Never been in trouble, worked hard all my life, served in military, mixed race family, always been loyal & patriotic but this T Robinson bullshit & Brexit treason makes my blood boil. Like many of you I’ve had enough!  
This is my MP (@GregHands). Greg campaigned against Brexit; his constituency voted against Brexit.Greg is part of the government now trying to implement Brexit. Greg, mate, what are you doing??(And NO - people don’t trump parliament)#PeoplesVote  
This referendum was not won by posters or debates, it was women pushing buggys to deliver leaflets, women starting up groups in rural areas. #Together4YES #freesafelegal #8thref 
A few thoughts on referendum in relation to Brexit referendum.1 process of consideration - citizens assembly for a year, then varadkar appointed committee, it deliberated for months, then recommendations put to Dail for vote.  then referendum called with package of proposed laws 
Photos: Supporters of the “yes” vote celebrate in Dublin on Saturday, when results of the referendum on legalizing abortion showed that it had passed by a surprising landslide  
Oh, do shut up. You lot lost the referendum in the first place. Brexit is ENTIRELY on Neo-Liberals. STOP trying to destroy Corbyn - the only hope people like me have got left. Corbyn CAN'T stop Brexit. He doesn't have the numbers, and it would be electoral suicide!  
As some people are saying, Ireland today is what the 'will of the  people' looks like, not the shoddy margin that has thrust Brexit upon  us. 
Just on the bus home now and it’s sinking in that we actually did this. This wasn’t Brexit, this wasn’t 51/49 this was a massive landslide. A grassroots organisation that was berated and criticised at every turn has made history in Ireland. I’m so proud.  
The United Kingdom: Brexit? Oh, that will take years and years and years... Throwing Tommy Robinson in jail? Within the hour. 
Most moving moment of being at Dublin Castle for the result announcement was the crowds chanting “SAVITA”. Made it better to be there with the excellent @urchinette, who has been a Trojan campaigner in this referendum, and to bump into @phlaimeaux #RepealedThe8th 
Daniel Hannan, and even more importantly Leavers taken in by the lie that #Brexit would help the #NHS should be shown this over and over again.Daniel Hannan said on Murdoch's Fox News in 2009 - "The NHS is a relic which I wouldn't wish on anyone"#StopBrexit #FBPE 
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg says MPs should respect their constituents' vote on Brexit, so causing them to violate their duties as laid out by Burke & reiterated by Churchill. Clearly Rees-Mogg considers himself to be a superior authority to Burke & Churchill.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Currently in the Netherlands with the family on a weekend break.So easy here. Why, because they all speak better English than me.I love Europe and the EU.Long live the EU. We'll be back when we've dealt with our own rubbish.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
There is something very very wrong in our society when socialists support the same policy as Rees Mogg, Farage and Johnson.This is one fucked up system for sure.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Irish abortion referendum: Ireland overturns abortion ban  
An incredibly encouraging sign to see so many protesters . . . Breathing life into Brexit & UK sovereignty, pushing back the evils of political correctness & tacit alignment with radical Islam & Sharia. 
Landslide vote for #YesVote in #irelandreferendum . If a Catholic country like Ireland can have a referendum, why can’t we? #Gibraltar #prochoice 
Corbyn has broken his promise to let members make policy, is whipping MPs to prop up a Tory coalition, is delivering a Brexit that will cause immense harm to working-class communities, and polls behind a woeful Government. When will the Left tire of its wanton self-indulgence? 
.@Nigel_Farage Now THAT is winning a referendum.  
This is so moving. Savita Halappanavar's death became the rallying point for this historic referendum. Future generations will be thankful for this.  
Following the announcement in Dublin this evening of the result of the referendum on the Eighth Amendment we have issued the following statement expressing a ‘profound sense of sadness’ at the result. You can read the statement here:  
Brussels has no appetite for this ..talk to @GuitarMoog ...the irreparable damage will be done..we MUST STOP BREXIT or this country is finished for decades 
Three years ago we were new pals in Dublin Castle when the gay marriage referendum results were announced and today we stood in the same spot as best friends while the repeal the 8th results were revealed. Love you Con x @platinumjones 
After the release of the SNP’s Growth Commission report, Gail from Glasgow thinks that “we have far more important things to focus on”.If you agree with Gail then join the majority against another unwanted and divisive referendum, sign up here:  
I will never vote for May ever again free speech is more important to me than even Brexit..... 
The official result of the referendum in Ireland to repeal the 8th Amendment to the Constitution is Yes at 66.4% on a turnout of 64%  
#UPDATE The result is another hammer blow to the Roman Catholic Church's authority in Ireland, coming three years after referendum voters backed legalising same-sex marriage by 62 percent  
Following todays S. Ireland referendum result, we've had several requests to publish the results from our last NI polling re. the abortion issue - this was Dec 2016. See below:  
'We voted to look reality in the eye and we did not blink' - Leo Varadkar on landslide referendum result   
And some of us will launch a campaign to ensure that the liars and charlatans who have brought us #Brexit and have tried to delegitimise democratic opposition are prosecuted and jailed for subverting democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I hope those Americans who went to Ireland to try and convince people to vote No on the referendum come home crying lmao 
Spotted outside Dublin Castle awaiting the referendum results. #RepealedThe8th 
"This is huge, this is monumental. We made History!" The Irish women's emotion after the huge win for "YES" on the abortion referendum #RepealedThe8th  
If Brexit is forced through next March, it will not extinguish the passion for Britain to take its place in Europe. The campaign to rejoin the EU will start immediately, & I among many others will energise it 
The final result in Ireland's abortion reform referendumYes 1,429,981No 723,632 
In a landmark referendum, the Republic of Ireland has voted to repeal the 8th amendment from its constitution, which restricted abortion rights for women. #RepealedThe8th 
Daniel Hannan proves the point yet again - #Brexit has always been about blaming others for ones own failiures. It is the opposite of the responsibility needed to take back control. It is the mentality of a petulant spoiled brat.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Donegal is the only constituency to vote No in the referendum  
Ireland makes history after an overwhelming majority votes in a national referendum to overturn a 35-year-old abortion ban  
Ireland overwhelmingly backs abortion reform in landslide referendum  
"YOU LET DONEGAL DO A REFERENDUM?!"  
The moment it was officially declared that Ireland will #repealthe8th after Friday’s historical abortion referendum.  
It's a strange world when the Irish can have a referendum on abortion - which lowers birthrates - but not one Western country can have a referendum on mass third world immigration... 
The Angelus Purposely Interrupts Referendum Results In Retaliation #savethe8th #Referendum2018 
Ireland, 8th Amendment Referendum:Final ResultYes: 64.4%No: 33.6%Turnout: 64.13%#8thref 
Momentum gathering for referendum on Brexit within Labour party  
Irish abortion referendum: Ireland overturns abortion ban  
ireland held a referendum on abortion in 1983 where 1.2 million voted either yes or no35 years later? 1.4 million voted yes 
BREAK: Ireland Referendum Result YES 1,429,981NO 723,632796,349 the difference. Ireland turns another corner @SkyNews 
FINAL REFERENDUM RESULT: Yes 66.4% No 33.6 % 
#Breaking Ireland has voted to change its strict abortion laws by a majority of 706,349, referendum returning officer Barry Ryan announces  
BREAKING: REFERENDUM RESULTTotal poll 2,159,655Invalid 6,042Valid poll 2,153,613Yes 1,429,981No 723,632Majority in favour 706,349 
Dearest Brexiteers,I hate to interrupt your excellent work and I really don’t mean to be negative: but to put things in perspective, if the Brexit process were a working day, the time now would be 3pm, and you don’t appear to have made any progress. Do let me know if I can help.  
The Reality of Brexit is that we're Leaving precisely to avoid unelected unaccountable antidemocratic Brussels Bastards like you and your noxious cabal of meddlers, Barnier!Bye bye! 
Norway to push for trade talks with Britain on fishing and gas before the #Brexit transition ends. Of course, this only makes sense if Britain is leaving any customs union/partnership. Will the Govt seize the opportunity?#NoCustomsTrap 
The same people who have spent two years in moral meltdown at the fact that Britons were given a referendum on membership of the EU are now beside themselves with joy over the abortion referendum in Ireland. Why is that, asks Brendan O’Neill  
Corbyn under pressure to give members a vote on Labour’s Brexit policy.Labour members want to Remain. Labour voters want to Remain. And the public want to Remain, polls show.Give @uklabour members a say. And hold a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain. 
I despair at the number of Republicans I know who have spoken out about a referendum in Ireland and yet remain silent as the US Government takes children from their parents and then admits to “losing” more than 1450 of them. Where is their decency? 
This is so sad. The UK is left out of #EuropeanEducationArea - Young Brits will pay for #Brexit with lost opportunities and rights. I’m so angry on their behalf   
We did! We were offered a second referendum by @OwenSmith_MP: he was rejected overwhelmingly. Labour also ran on a manifesto pledge respecting the referendum result: to leave. We increased vote share & number of MPs.Jeremy elected leader- overwhelmingly- AFTER ref. result. 
Ireland (Dublin), 8th Amendment Referendum:Final ResultYes: 75.5%No: 24.5%Turnout: 65.7%#8thRef 
While we wait: Turnout was 64.51%, which is the highest of any referendum since 1992 and one of the highest in the history of the State. #8thRef 
“So referendums are good now? The same people who’ve spent the two years since Brexit telling us referendums are crude and fascistic now sing the praises of the Irish referendum on abortion. Their hypocrisy is staggering.”Brendan O’Neill in @spectator 
South Wales Greek Community VP, Michael Arapis: "The EU gave us the biggest loan in world history. We are extremely grateful to the EU. So when I talk to people who say they voted Brexit in solidarity with me and my country" 
Irish PM Varadkar tells Irish parliament to vote through the result of the referendum just held. Funny how he doesn't want the British parliament to do the same!#Brexit  
Good to hear — Corbyn under pressure to give members vote on Labour Brexit policy | Politics | The Guardian  
This is so important. #Brexit is the biggest issue of our generation and it's crucial we debate the policy at #Lab18. We count  @PeoplesMomentum members among our supporters and are delighted they are speaking out. #Brexit is not inevitable.   
Thrilled the Irish referendum to decriminalize abortion passed with huge support — a big step in the global march toward equality that makes me happy for Irish women 
‘The UK must face the reality of Brexit’. For anyone who still doesn’t understand what’s going on, or why EU is behaving as it is, read this piece. We simply cannot and will not get what we want. If Brexit is intolerable, cancel it - or suck it up  
During the Scottish independence referendum many Scots got fed up with the propaganda in the MSM and went out and found out information for themselves.DON'T BELIEVE THE MSM - DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH its easy!!  
The official result of the abortion referendum is due to be called any minute now, and if you want to hear people's reaction LIVE, this is where you can hear it  
Friend of the show @jayrayner1 confirms what everyone suspected: chlorine chicken isn't just disgusting, it's dangerous too. Brexit is endangering our food health. We have to stop it.  
1) thread on the "missing anti-brexit surge"It's fair to say that there is only a small (though significant) movement towards "remain" & against #Brexit, leading some to say that a #PeoplesVote might lead to the same resultBut let's look at where we are 
a) Ireland is about to set the abortion limit at 12 weeks -- 24 weeks only in certain circumstances. (referendum didn't change law, just allowed it to be changed).b) The U.S. is 1 of 7 countries allowing elective abortions after 24 weeks. An outlier but not in the way Ian thinks  
If the NI Assembly were in session it would be clear that the majority oppose hard Brexit, support same-sex marriage and support change in abortion law.  It is only the petition of concern and the DUP’s domination at Westminster that creates a false impression. 
JUST IN: Majority of voters in Ireland have chosen to repeal a 1983 constitutional ban on abortions, referendum results indicate.  
The Brexit fantasy will push up prices and lead to food shortages, especially of fresh produce. We are a nation that depends heavily on import food to feed us. Most of our imported food is sourced from the EU, our nearest trading partners. Protect our food supply and #StopBrexit 
Irish abortion referendum: Why people voted the way they did  
Brexit. I'm getting the feeling that this project can only end badly for nice Mrs May, unless she pulls a very large rabbit out of her hat very soon.  
G/F came up with a compelling  analogy today. To paraphrase:Brexit is like Marxism. Grand & noble in theory. But, in practice, people's & institutions' real life behaviour make successful delivery economically & socially impossible at best & disastrous at worst. 
Nigel Farage:“I'm very concerned the euro has brought neo-Nazism back.And here's the irony:A project set up to stop extremes of nationalism actually is causing it, because it is taking away from people ability to influence their own futures”#Brexit #EU 
Twitter bots helped Trump and Brexit win•Added 1.76 percentage point of pro-Brexit voters•Added 3.23 percentage points of Trump votersBoth were large enough to affect the outcomes.  
Brexit: UK is playing hide and seek in talks, says EU negotiator  
Massive congrats to the Republic of Ireland for the referendum results!  
Katie Ascough after being impeached: "it's a sad day for UCD" Katie Ascough after losing the referendum: "it's a sad day for Ireland" Ireland & UCD:  
Why has Britain become much more positive on immigration asks @BobbyIpsosMORI? Partly because Brexit has highlighted *benefits* of immigration, partly because immigration will fall/has fallen.  Opens up space for more liberal policy (even free movement?):  
Great read and just indictment of successive governments of all parties over Europe. Pity not realised better by PM David Cameron when calling the Referendum.  
Help keep our plans to stop Brexit super secret. Don’t donate to our crowdfunder here:  
The Citizens' Assembly, chaired by Catherine McGuinness and widely derided by No camp as being unrepresentative of the Irish public voted 69% to hold a Referendum. The Irish public voted to Repeal by 69%. 
Ireland abortion referendum: Quiet revolution - Irish PM  
Apparently many Tories want Ruth Davidson as party leader? Why? She only won seats in Scotland due to the SNP campaign for a second referendum. She is an arch Remainer and wants higher immigration. And she will not appeal to traditional Tories. 
Alfie Evans + Irish referendum have fuelled anti-Western sentiment in Polish conservative/nationalist circles. Some feel perhaps Poland shouldn't be in the West at all, which they brand 'civilisation of death' - pan-European culture war, encouraged by Russia, EU's greatest threat 
I'm getting so sick of hearing about so-called possibilities which are just impossible to reconcile.So here are 3 truths that every journalist needs to accept:1. Corbyn is a Leaver.2. Brits won't accept Soft Brexit.3. Hard Brexit will break up the UK. 
Jubilant crowds are celebrating while waiting for the final Irish abortion referendum result (: Getty Images)  
Corbyn under pressure to give members vote on Labour Brexit policy  
Sights like these are going to become more common place as @theresa_may and her gang of traitors sell out the UK.  The mood of the Country is becoming more strained and less accepting.  She needs to get on with the job of Brexit or move on.  
People are cheering like mad at Dublin castle while we await the final result declaration for the abortion referendum.  
I’m glad Varadkar backed the referendum, Noone chaired well, Harris and Doherty did well in the debates. But let’s go easy with the FG love. Whatever about other constituencies, they didn’t lift a finger to help here in Dublin SW bar a few photoshoots and a scattering of posters. 
In other words...just because you're fed up so we should all just sit doon, shut up and accept a #Brexit we didn't vote for John? Jeezo......you have a well paid job, paid for by US! YOU sit down and listen! WE PAY YOUR WAGES! 
Imagine losing a referendum with the infinite money cheat on 
Voters in Ireland chant “Yes! Yes! Yes!” while waiting for official results in the country’s abortion referendum  
For a start this Irish Referendum is likely to have a supermajority making it more settled. Secondly an ethical issue like abortion is readily understood and not subject to the lies & false Brexit dividends promises made by Leave campaign and nowhere as complex as EU membership 
Like the man or loathe him, what Blair is saying on #Brexit is absolutely on the moneyAny meaningful brexit is painfulAny painless brexit is pointlessThere is no majority public support for eitherThis was true 2 years ago & it still is#PeoplesVote 
BREXIT: If it’s the gnashing of teeth over empty symbolism you’re after, then you’ve come to the right place.  
Anyone quietly jealous of the Irish at the moment with their super cool Taoiseach and forward looking referendum result?   
Yes set for landslide win as counting nears an end in abortion referendum 
The fight isn't just about changing the hearts & minds of soft Leavers or non-voters, it has to also be about giving hope to Remainers who can't see what we can see, that Brexit is not inevitable. Brexit can & will be stopped & the closer it gets, the more obvious that will be  
I’m sure liberals won’t mind if pro-lifers now introduce endless blocking amendments, call for a second referendum etc in order to negate yesterday’s vote. The Irish government can’t object: it’s busy trying to scupper *our* referendum. 
Only an Independent Scotland will guarantee our Pensions..The Scottish people need to wake up to the potential of what an'INDEPENDENT SCOTLAND' could become!!#YouYesYet#YEStoINDY#indyref2#Referendum#Independence 
Corbyn under pressure to give members vote on Labour Brexit policy: Of course they should have a vote on the biggest issue facing the country! That this is even an issue says a lot about the current @UKLabour leadership. 
There's one liar here. And it's not Jeremy Corbyn. Your lies are helping the Tory Party. Young people don't want a Tory hard Brexit.  
Wonder if any Remainers disputing result of #EURef on grounds that referenda aren’t sensible way to settle important, complicated questions because ordinary people lack the education or intelligence to fully grasp them will dispute result of the Irish Referendum on same grounds? 
American pro-lifers express heartbreak over Ireland's abortion referendum. My story @Crux, with reactions from @HumanLifeReview, @SBAList, @marjoriesba, @jeannemfl & more. 
The difference between indyref2 and Brexit is in Scotland we don't want our country back, we want it forward. 
It wasn’t quite Barnier’s point, but where has the U.K. hidden David Davis? I’ve not heard a peep from the #Brexit minister for weeks!  
EU's Barnier tells Britain to stop playing Brexit 'hide and seek'  
"The people have spoken. They have said we need a modern constitution for a modern country"Latest updates from Ireland's abortion referendum results:  
Yes I agree a touch of British humility rather than exceptionalism would be very welcome at this Brexit juncture. Being self effacing and understating things was something foreigners always admired about our country not triumphalism, nationalism and destructive isolationism.  
On #AJNewsGrid: First official results from Ireland’s referendum indicate a landslide win for those wanting to relax the country’s strict abortion laws. Share your comments  
I strongly suspect that even tje people who won Brexit know it's shit. They're like those patriotic Brits who bought a brown Allegro in the late 70s and tried to convince themselves that it was the best darn car in the world. 
This is John ReidA Labour PeerJohn Reid is a LiarDuring the First Scottish Independence ReferendumHe and his wife chapped my relative's doorAnd told her a bare faced lie that her pension would stop if she or anyone she knew voted YES  
Ireland, 8th Amendment Referendum:24 of 40 Constituencies CountedYes: 67.84%No: 32.16%Turnout: 64.99%#8thref 
Our group in Seahaven is getting a lot of coverage in the local press, as more and more people in their area come on board to support the #PeoplesVote campaign due to concerns about #Brexit.Great work, @SeahavenStaying! 
1,069,781 people have voted Yes in the referendum, with 29 of 40 constituencies counted 
Yes set for landslide win as counting reaches halfway point in abortion referendum 
Before you vote UK Tory or UK labour just ask them for thier 350 page document of why we are better together, especially the effects english Brexit will have on Scotland and our commerce?  @RuthDavidsonMSP @LabourRichard #QuestionUnion 
Take polls with a pinch/heap of salt...BUT this from @PeterKellner1 is proper scholarship with a big point. The excuses for not rethinking/retesting Brexit are weak. And the consequences of ploughing on regardless are huge and bad.   
This is the most accurate political assessment of the referendum result so far.  
Bernard-Henri Lévy: 'There are no causes today that mobilise me as much as this one: to convince the English that Brexit would be an unimaginable regression of civilisation'  
Inside Politics Podcast | The Irish Times It's another major political victory for grass roots activism, the power of personal stories and the Citizen's Assembly model. Referendum special with @KittyHollandIT @fotoole @SarahBardon & @PatLeahyITLi ...  
Hey @hammersmithandy @GregHands @emmadentcoad it’s pretty clear what the people think of Brexit.And a clear consensus for a @peoplesvote_uk on the terms of exit. 
Tipperary results: 59% Yes vote as turnout exceeds marriage referendum  
In a departure from the last referendum result, #Roscommon-Galway votes Yes! 57.2% have #RepealedThe8th 
For those under the impression that our older people were on the other side of the Referendum. #8thRef 
Some of those cheering loudest following the result of the referendum in the Republic of Ireland are the same people that have dedicated themselves to overturning the democratic will of the people in the UK in relation to Brexit. 
Remember these names& faces.This is the list of TD's that voted against the holding of the Referendum.... Advocating a No Vote is one thing as people are entitled to do but this bunch didn't even want us to have a vote. @Together4yes @repeal_shield @repealproject @repealeight pic.twitter.com/xO5HPl1Y24 
93% of The Irish believe in being in the EUPopular Referendum on Equal Marriage, AbortionModern, Representaive, Proportional Voting SystemThe UK should be more like Ireland. So Proud of our fellow Europeans. 
"Taking the eggs out of a baked cake" - @MrJamesOB on #Brexit at #HayFestival2018 
Ireland abortion referendum: UK minister hopes for NI law change  
Varadkar claims victory in Irish abortion referendum  
And these are the ppl our PM is in bed with: The DUP MLA Jim Wells, a former NI health minister, says the expected result of the referendum "is an extremely worrying development for the protection of the unborn child in Northern Ireland". @BBCNews 
Thanks to all the people copying me in to tweets with hot takes that the Referendum on the 8th will lead to my demise and a United Ireland and/or the end of Brexit. I thought it was a vote about women’s bodily autonomy. But I’m only a border so like what would I know? 
No. It’s because he won’t oppose Brexit, which is what his electorate want.  
#UPDATE Ireland is set to liberalise some of Europe's strictest abortion laws in a landslide referendum vote that Prime Minister Leo Varadkar called the "culmination of a quiet revolution"  
Siri show me the worst take on the Irish referendum with a side of Brexit.  
Fr. Frank Pavone: "No referendum can remove fundamental rights. We cannot vote as a society to approve slavery, terrorism, or child abuse. Neither does any vote on abortion make it permissible."  #Irelandabortion #irelandreferendum 
We're live at Dublin castle where a huge #repealthe8th celebration is underway ahead of the official result of the abortion referendum  
On @BBCAnyQuestions my special prediction glasses allowed me to predict that HMG’s Brexit strategy is completely banjaxed...  
Mortifying, withering assessment from @MichelBarnier of Britain’s inability to grasp the reality that Brexit means Brexit.“It is the United Kingdom that leaves the European Union. It cannot, on leaving, ask us to change who we are and how we operate.”  
Away with you and your hypocrisy @guyverhofstadt. Don't you dare congratulate my homeland on its referendum while you continue to fight against the right of Catalonia, my home, to vote.  
"The day we changed Ireland"Live updates as Ireland counts votes in abortion referendum:  
A picture in @TheNewEuropean of the bus the Brextremists decided to leave in the garage during the EU Referendum.  
The situations aren't comparable. Everyone understands that the Irish vote paves the way for legal abortion. But the Brexit vote was a vote for a departure without knowing the destination. Once we do know, there should be another vote. 
America voted for Trump.They still can’t fix their 2nd Amendment.The Brits went for Brexit. In three years, by over 60% each time, we have amended our constitution twice to give LGBTQ people & women equal rights. Backward Ireland’s dead & gone, it’s with O Leary in the grave. 
Wicklow votes 74.26% yes: Irish abortion referendum results are flooding in – live  
I'm convinced this is the real reason behind lack of investment in Brexit preparations. Those at the sharp end know full well it would be totally wasted money.  
Final result from Wicklow: 74.26% YES, 25.74% NO. Turnout was 74.25% #Referendum 
The fundamental error of UKGov identified bluntly by @MichelBarnierBrexit is UK's choice. It's absurd to expect the EU to change how it works or act against its own interest to accommodate UK preferences, or to blame it for not doing so. 
unionists want this evil thing to be in charge of Scotland!!!!! Let's face it, we are looking at, at least a further 10 years of tory rule. Post Brexit, if Scotland is not independent, she and her evil ilk will destroy Scotland. That is a fact of which unionists are blind.  
Ireland votes to repeal abortion ban in historic referendum  
#Brexit not very popular at the Slamdunk Festival in #Leeds this weekend! #BollocksToBrexit #Sdf18 
Talkin’ ‘bout a referendum - scene at Dublin Castle #8thRef 
.That US trade deal isn't looking quite so attractive now "British microbiologists find that American technique at heart of Brexit trade row does NOT kill listeria & salmonella.". 
Clearly, as results come in that show almost 70% for the YES vote, the idea that “no social issue has divided #Ireland as sharply as abortion” is one of the myths long-used to keep a referendum like #repealth8th off the table. #Ireland is not divided, it was #together4yes. 
Irish abortion referendum: first official results show lead for yes – live  
#BREAKING: Early Irish referendum results show 66% voted to end abortion ban 
I'm bawling my eyes out. You did so good Ireland. To all the activists who have fought so long for this: you will not be forgotten.  “Anti-abortion campaigners concede defeat in Ireland's referendum” 
The parents of Savita Halappanavar say they are “really, really happy” the Irish people are on course to deliver a strong ‘Yes’ in the abortion referendum. #RepealedThe8th 
Am already looking forward to a second referendum in Ireland on abortion to make doubly sure that the electorate really did know what the the hell they were voting for. Am hoping Gina Miller will litigate to force a re-run. 
The referendum yesterday proved that even the most Conservative of countries can see the light, and I'm going to keep that in mind. We can fix this country, it isn't too late. All we have to do is #GOTV 5/5#Ireland#TheResistance 
Let's do this! Please RT and make 23 June the biggest anti-Brexit march this country has seen#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The referendum that the Irish Republic has just had on abortion reform, is what an overwhelming result looks like, and any decision taken on that basis, cannot leave the nation bitterly divided.The UK government's handling of the brexit referendum is irresponsible. 
The death of Savita Halappanavar was the catalyst for the referendum. Her parents ‘really, really happy’ after abortion vote 
New images emerge of the police repression of the Catalan referendum  
May playing 'hide and seek' in Brexit talks, Barnier says  
Dublin Castle, site of jubilant scenes in the 2015 marriage equality referendum, is starting to fill with excited Yes campaigners #8thRef 
Corbyn was a Brextremist before the word was invented so my guess,for what it’s worth,is his Brexit would be significantly worse than May’s. 
The Ireland referendum also became a referendum on how major tech companies like Facebook and Google could prevent foreign meddling ahead of Friday's vote.  
almost as bad as the fbpe repeal brexit posts is seeing english atheist types wanging on about how repeal is a victory for sensible secularism over silly religion or whatever. like this was huge feminist victory with a complex constellation of faiths this isn't your win stfu 
Well done Ireland! Nice to see a referendum win for real reasons over imaginary reasons. 
Great we might soon get a choice between Corbyn’s Brexit madness and May’s Brexit madness  
Michel Barnier and Theresa MayTM: we want to have opt insMB: Brexit means BrexitTM: we still want to have a sayMB: Which part of Brexit do you not understand?TM: we still like to stay in Galileo projectMB: Once you Brexit, you have Brexited! 
The significance of the referendum has not gone unnoticed internationally - it made headlines around the world #8thref 
The public know exactly what’s gone on with the wretched liars crooks and charlatans who won for Brexit and haven’t the faintest clue what it means  
What did I tell you? Theresa thinks we are all stupid. Tories know Brexit is going to finish them.“@theresa_may has been accused of playing “hide and seek” in the Brexit talks and attempting to pin the blame for the damaging consequences on Brussels...” 
Irish abortion referendum: Why people voted how they did  
We have over 1000 @Reasons2Remain in the #EU with more being added. The reasons are compelling and convincing. In contrast, there are NO valid reasons for #Brexit. RT our gallery of pro-Remain, anti-Brexit posters with links to all our articles and videos:  
Fed up from being taken for granted? Tired of Corbyn Labour giving Theresa May's hard Brexit Tories a free pass?It's time for a change. Vote @libdems @lucyvsalek on June 14th in Lewisham East by-election.  @LondonLibDems @LewishamLibDems 
Irish abortion referendum: first official results show lead for yes – live  
You think Brexit is bad now? Just wait till it actually happens. @campbellclaret explains the disastrous consequences will dominate our lives for the forseeable future. 
'Face the reality' of Brexit and don't blame us when it goes wrong, EU's chief negotiator tells UK  
Galway East in the west of Ireland has become the first constituency to declare a result in the abortion referendum with 60.19% voting yes and 39.81% voting no with a turnout of 63% 
Why are people still talking about respecting the result of the referendum? The demography has changed in favour of Remain and many Leave voters have looked into the reality of Brexit and had second thoughts. Remain would win a vote today.#bbcaq 
The pro-life campaign in Ireland has conceded defeat in the referendum on abortion, issuing the following statement: "Abortion was wrong yesterday. It remains wrong today. The constitution has changed, but the facts have not.”  
This is a #supermajority...the result that any #referendum should achieve that affects legislation & the constitution (body of legislation & precedent) of a country.Not simple majorities.. like #EUref.That's for talent contests#FinalSay#RepealedThe8th 
#BREAKING First result in Irish referendum shows 60% vote to end abortion ban 
Now the globalist May is offering the EU our 39 billion brexit fee and is asking nothing in return such as a signed trade agreement. FFS people can´t you see what she is doing. She is destroying us to save the EU. She has to go and so does any MP who dares support this lunatic. 
Now THAT'S what I call a progressive referendum!In the Republic of Ireland, as time goes on the vote will reflect the Will of the People MORE AND MORE. Whereas in the UK.....#RepealedThe8th 
EU BREXIT negotiator Michel Barnier warned Britain today to bow to Brussels supremacy or it is game over for an amicable divorce as far as Brussels bosses are concerned. 
We have our first official result of the referendum and it's a YES vote.Galway East has voted in favour of YES by 60.19% to 39.81% #8thRef 
Savita’s parents say they’re “really, really happy” the #Irish people are on course to deliver strong ‘Yes’ in the abortion referendum. Her father Andanappa Yalagi...asked that the legislation to give effect to the referendum result be named ‘Savita’s law’  
If #Brexit were worth having, the benefits would be clear, smart people across the country would cooperate to make it work and the public would understand clearly what was happening. They aren’t, they won’t and they don’t. So let’s #StopBrexit now, before things get worse. 
Irish abortion referendum: law could be changed this year, says taoiseach   
I'm bringing my boyf for brunch and prosec  he has been the best support for me during this referendum when at times I felt v alone hug your biggest supporters today and thank them! We all did this together and kept each other going. This is a new day for Ireland omg x 
Savita Halappanavar’s parents have asked for the new legislation after the referendum result to be known as 'Savita's law'  #8thRef 
#Repealthe8th formally announced as “Yes” result! Today’s historic referendum result is a victory for equality, for dignity, for respect and compassion. It is a victory for a future Ireland where the human rights of women and girls are respected and protected! 
William Hague, who voted Remain, doesn't want to #StopBrexit, because "a country shouldn't change its mind". No, William, a country should MAKE UP ITS MIND BEFORE launching such a vague binary referendum. However, what if you find out you're walking with criminals? Carry on? 
Irish PM hails "quiet revolution" as early results point to "resounding" referendum vote for overturning abortion ban 
Ireland's transformation into a more pluralistic society is also important. The abortion rights referendum was called by the son of one Indian immigrant, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, following outrage over the death of another, Savita Halappanavar. Background:  
Tagging groups questioning our 1914 poltical wedlock by the Brits foes of the state is wrong b/cos it was a unilateral decision by the colonialists.Since the constituents(then) weren't consulted,it's natural for pple who don't believe in the contraption to ask for a REFERENDUM. 
Gerry Adams commenting on Referendum result  
This is what you need to know about Ireland's current abortion laws and what will change if, as exit polls suggest, the pro-choice camp wins a historic referendum  
One of the many lessons for the media from this referendum is don’t count the posters, count the badges. 
The best thing about the outcome of this referendum is that the people that didn't want to have abortions beforehand, still don't have to have abortions! Yeow!#YesVote 
One thing about the vote today is Irish people went & read up on the facts unlike Brexit & Trump. I myself as stated was unsure & swayed by no vote up until few weeks due to what I seen online. People need to be aware of the resources available when making such a huge decision. 
The unionists will always deny this....but more & MORE people are moving from no to 'YES'They have seen through the Westminster lies & scaremongeringScotland deserves a better futureScotland WILL get a better future!#YEStoINDY#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence 
Compared to the wing and a prayer of Brexit, the Growth Commission Report is comprehensive and detailed. What this means is that Scotland is already more prepared for independence than the UK is prepared for post-Brexit Britain, says @weegingerdug. 
Blue Peter wins contract to build UK’s Brexit satellite networkby @hourlyterrier  
Oh happy, happy day!This referendum is for my beloved daughter. Last one was for my son #Together4Yes for an Ireland for us all 
.@JLongworthLML: The New Customs Partnership would remove the benefits of Brexit  
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar says he plans to have a new abortion law enacted by the end of the year and the approval of the referendum is a "culmination of a quiet revolution" in Ireland 
#Breaking Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar says the country is united and has voted “resoundingly” in favour of yes in the abortion referendum  
Petition: The EU referendum result must be dismissed as not fit for purpose  
You call that a referendum?THIS is a referendum.ISF Facebook #RepealedThe8th #PeoplesVote 
This Pow v Pow ting is coming like brexit. Man are saying re vote?  
Ireland has overwhelmingly voted to liberalise its abortion laws, in a referendum that revealed an unexpected fervour for change in this formerly conservative, strictly Catholic country. 
Who wants to play Brexit Blame Bingo ? :) :)From now on, every time you see a Brexiteer on the TV like @DanielJHannan or @ajcdeane see how quickly you can get a line of three ! 
Only 19% approve of Corbyn's handling of #Brexit, showing Labour's policy of following public opinion and trying to offer something for everyone is proving a dismal failure. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Yesterday, @Cornwall4EU were asking people in #Truro what they think of #Brexit and whether they'd like a #PeoplesVote on any final deal.Here's their #Brexitometer.How long can this government go on pretending that Brexit is still the "Will of the People"?#Cornwall 
Barnier:"We cannot accept jurisdiction other that Court of Justice of #EU determines law.Without an agreement [of UK obedience to Brussels] on governance, there will be No withdrawal agreement & No transition period."Great News!No Deal - Bye!#Brexit 
I can't even fathom those evangelicals who came to Ireland to try and interfere in the referendum. Puerto Rico, Flint, ICE separating families at the border and handing children over to human traffickers, pick a genuine crisis in your own country and go do some actual good. 
Anti-abortion campaign concedes defeat in Irish referendum. The result "would reverberate globally for years to come,” a pro-choice organization said.   
Well @MaryButlerTD any chance of putting the same effort into getting 24/7 cardiac care for WUH now that the referendum is over? 
Katie Ascough was impeached by @UCDSU - then lost referendum as a chief ‘no’ spokesperson and is STILL given time on @rte to slate the electorates conclusive decision and devalue mental health... Can we please give positive voices airtime today #RepealEDthe8th 
Ukip plan Brexit Day bash in Brussels  
Mark Carney said 2 years ago that each family would be worse off by £4,500pa as a result of Brexit. He's revised that to 'about' £900, not so precise so it's a guess. So by my reckoning, and I'm no Diane Abbott, in 2 years we should all be £3,600 better off. 
People are leaving flowers and tributes to Savita Halappanavar at the yes mural in Portabello.The bravery of her family & friends in sharing her story was the beginning of the modern movement that lead to this referendum.#NeverAgain #wemadehistory #Repealthe8th #8thref 
“The quickest way to get Brexit out of our lives is to do ALL we can to make sure it doesn’t happen.". by @campbellclaret in @TheNewEuropean 
Without change, and Northern Ireland's young overwhelmingly more socially liberal than its politicians, it might not be Brexit but the social conservatism of Ulster's establishment (supported by a Westminster Conservative govt) which might lead to the reuinification of Ireland. 
It's a Yes: Historic abortion referendum set to pass overwhelmingly by almost 70:30   
Brexit: Hungary Sides with UK as EU Attempts to Shut British Out of Galileo Space Project  
'152 firms moved from Britain to Germany last year, up more than 20 percent on 2016.''Overall, 1,910 companies moved to Germany from abroad last year, bringing 29,000 jobs with them.' Inward investment into the UK has slumped by over £181bn. 
- UK helps create law that countries outside the EU cannot have military access to Galileo satellites.- UK leaves EU.- UK complains about not getting military access to Galileo satellites.It's almost like #Brexit wasn't a good idea. 
You're amazing Eddie. Actually using a referendum result in another country to have a pop at Corbyn. It would be funny if your obsession wasn't so sad. 
"If the referendum passes it will mark a historic moment for the women of Ireland. Irish laws on abortion have long been among the most restrictive in the world." Leah Hoctor, our Regional Director for Europe  
Early Irish referendum vote tallies so far:> Dublin overwhelmingly Yes, ranging from 70-90% in some parts.> Cork going Yes by 2-1.> Donegal nip and tuck with No presently ahead. Unexpected given exit polls. #Referendum2018 
Seen a pro life fellah says he wants to emigrate after the result of the referendum.... you know they've had simple everyday womens rights in other countries for time though right?? 
Abortion referendum likely to put pressure on Northern Ireland politicians  
Statement by Save the 8th on referendum resultSave the 8th has issued the following statement on the referendum result:“The 8th amendment did not create a right to life for the unborn child – it merely acknowledged...  
ANNOYED: David Davis hits out at Brussels 'point scoring' and 'posturing' over Brexit.The EU and UK are at loggerheads, surely No Deal is even more likely now? 
Dear Brexiteers.#repealtheeigth  shows what a informed, educated, politically mature referendum looks like. YoursIreland 
For Michael Gove to suggest there isn’t any real support for a second independence referendum shows just how divorced from reality the Tories are on Scotland, says @TasminaSheikh.via @ScotNational 
What swung the vote to yes (#repealthe8th) was the personal stories of women who had to go abroad, who were forced to carry to term. Meanwhile the UK establishment is bent on going ahead with Brexit in spite of all the heart-rending stories of @The3Million and @BritishInEurope 1/ 
The point of leaving the EU is to free the UK from deadening regulations and to exploit emerging markets. The future lies with a smaller state:  #Brexit 
Insightful by Lewis Goodall - in effect, the Republic has engineered a swift social union with Britain, just as the current British government has decided to trade Ireland, north & Republic, for Brexit  
Happy Birthday @jeremycorbyn. A man who's worked tirelessly for Brexit, so ensuring that hundreds of thousands will lose their jobs, our public services will be trashed, as will the economy, NI peace may end, food shortages are likely & many more will be thrown into destitution. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg hints he's losing faith in Theresa May  
Trade between Britain and the EU totals over £500 billion. Cross-border trade between Northern Ireland and the Republic is less than £3 billion. Yet May’s govt has allowed the whole Brexit process to revolve around that. It’s ludicrous. Get a grip woman.   
Our campaign does not end with the referendum, but when the Government properly supports the mother and child.#LoveBoth 
one of the most impressive things about this result is how little of an impact massive foreign spending had on the results.same psy ops data tactics/people employed as Brexit and Trump victories (Cambridge Analytica, SQL group) and the people of Ireland were just like ... nah 
I’ve been emotional all day seeing the polling and results from the Irish referendum to #Repealthe8 This is an amazing day for human rights and equality. I hope we can see the decriminalisation of abortion in Queensland parliament this year. 
Sinn Fein leader MaryLou McDonald says eighth amendment referendum expected result is a great day for women  
Voting Labour ensures a hard Brexit, voting Tory ensures a hard Brexit.  There is no material difference between them.  Brexit will make the country permanently poorer than it would otherwise have been. 
A brief reminder - this is what 'the will of the people' looks like in a referendum result: a clear majority.  
Im actually so impressed with the North-South solidarity on the #repealthe8th referendum. If Twitter is anything to go by, its women who will unite this island! 
For fans of #DogsAtPollingStations: This man took his dachshund with him into the booth as he cast his vote in Ireland's abortion referendum #8thref 
Still tiresome to see remainers and large parts of the MSM framing #Brexit discussions and outcomes PURELY around the narrow economic arguments. It was about so much more than money. 
This is so important for the #PeoplesVote"The final say amendment will require MPs to vote on whether they believe the public should be given the final say on the Brexit deal, including the opportunity to remain in the E.U."Labour must back the #FinalSayAmendment 
 Ireland has #RepealedThe8th amendment in a historic referendum on the law governing abortion.  We congratulate the @Together4yes campaign and @greenparty_ie who campaigned and canvassed for this result all around Ireland.   
Twitter bots helped Trump and Brexit win, study says  
a Referendum on a polarised ethical matter is more justifiable & understood than one on a complex political question such as EU membership. Curious UK has never countenanced Referends on say abortion, death penalty, or divorce etc in the past but now only on constitution issues 
This feels so different to the marriage referendum, not a joyful victory but an emotional one. The area of abortion will still be divisive, difficult and fraught with emotion but we’re going to stop exporting it. 
Part of me thinks the Conservatives may well go for an Autumn election, waiting for Labour to launch a Brexit manifesto before coming out with a “best for the country” Remain pledge, to trounce the opposition and self preserve for a generation. 
Official counting set to begin in Ireland's historic abortion rights referendum, with two exit polls predicting an overwhelming victory for those seeking to end the country's strict ban.  
Black Wednesday 1992. George Soros is "The Man Who Broke The Bank Of England" Hungarian currency trader George Soros trashed Britain's economy for profit in 1992. Now treacherous British politicians have joined Soros to trash Brexit and Britain. Shameful.   
Counting had begun for Ireland's abortion referendum and there are some huge Yes results so far. 75% in Dublin west and only a quarter of the votes counted  
Anti-abortion campaign concedes it has lost as exit polls suggest a landslide vote for change in Ireland's Abortion Referendum:  
The Lib Dems have secured an amendment on the EU Withdrawal Bill to give the British public the final say on the Brexit deal. Will your MP vote to give the British public the final say? Join our campaign today: #ExitfromBrexit 
.@jeremycorbyn The @Libdems have an amendment in the House of Commons to give the public the final say on the #Brexit deal.Will you get support us or will you back Theresa May's divisive Brexit?Join us today Jeremy:  
Britain was trapped inside an emerging EU superstate that was set to become a single European country in all but name:  #Brexit 
INDYREF2 will happen because Westminster ignores us. They even dumped our BREXIT concerns to an unelected chamber. 59 MPs (really only 35 push for Scotland) facing 533 English MPs? Feel the love Scotland. You are like Lincolnshire County. Eat your cereal.#GrowthCommission 
We see through you, Jacob... Your "False Patriotic Slogans" might work on the gullible, but you don't fool us!!! #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Thanks I take it as a great compliment. Sadly the BBC only gives airtime to Brexiteer Tory MEPs and none to Remainers like me who refuse to fall behind the great Brexit con of the British electorate. Used to get coverage by BBC in my early years but now get more foreign TV cover 
Brexit: Corbyn is playing a clever long game that could benefit us all  
Where do you want to put the Brexit lorry park(s) then? Kent is the Garden of England.Why would you want to build on it? @KentforEU @KentConsIN @KentConsIN @MidKent4EU @stopbrexit2018 @CPREKent @CPRE @Rowland72James#StopBrexit 
Irish abortion referendum: A warm welcome #HomeToVote in Dublin 
Michael Gove was right that attitudes to immigration are more positive since Brexit - though trend started before: new poll out today shows 44% say immigrants have positive impact on Britain, 32% say negative  
John Redwood: Does the EU favour No Deal?EU reject every helpful & sensible proposal.EU think a Deal has to be a punishment.Britain as an independent country, the EU will not be able to punish us, so the sooner we are out the better.#Brexit #Leave #EU 
'No' campaign spokesman accepts defeat in Ireland referendum which will allow liberalisation of abortion law  
Irish abortion referendum: exit polls predict landslide for yes as count begins – live  
Torrid come up with political equivalent of max fac: delusional technical solution to problem that their Brexit plan about to go up in smoke  
The Irish people have pretty much shattered the shackles of the Catholic church bit by bit and this is the final nail in the coffinThis proves the importance of your vote, if every election/referendum has this turnout we'll be a looking at a very forward thinking Ireland 
Irish pro-life campaign concedes defeat to Yes vote in historic abortion referendum  
Really interesting meeting yesterday with my constituent Nic Ross @npr247 of the School of Physics & Astronomy @EdinburghUni to discuss promoting #STEM & protecting universities & the free movement of researchers & ideas in the @Brexit era  
80 tech leaders speaking up against Brexit and for the terms to be put to the British peopleThank you @TechForUK Time for others in the business community to follow your lead#peoplesvote #finalsay @BestForBritain 
EU's Barnier urges UK to accept EU court deal for Brexit  
Abortion referendum in Ireland likely to result in repeal of ban, exit polls suggest  
Dear Leavers, this is what a supermajority looks like. This is what you failed to gain with Brexit. That's why there's no consensus.#StopBrexit#RepealedThe8th 
BREAKING: Save The 8th’s John McGuirk has conceded that the No side has lost the referendum  
Why on earth should I as a Remainer help find solutions for Brexit which is something I fundamentally disagree with. Brexiteers by a small majority are taking away my dreams so it is incumbent on them to deliver their sunlit British exceptionalist economic uplands they promised!  
A grassroots movement have fought for and won a referendum. There's been a rejection of the lies and bile of the conservative No campaign. Women won't go back. I'll be on RTÉ TV soon. Tune in if you can. #RepealThe8th #dubw 
Counting is under way in Ireland's abortion referendumLive updates:  
I left Ireland for London 30 years ago. I’m now seriously reconsidering leaving Brexit Britain and coming back to my pioneering, modern country. Anyone want to offer me a job? 
Funny how weak men always slate women with strong opinions as aggressive and rude. And what is it with you Nats? You ignore the result of Democratic referendum where a majority of your own people voted to stay in the UK?  
I changed my mind on Brexit because my decision wasn’t based on hate or indifference. I might not wholly support the EU - but alongside its weaknesses, I recognise the positives. It is the same with UK. The nations within those unions must work together to form a better future. 
No one with any common sense wants to leave. You and the rest of the far right proposed Brexit. At no time since the referendum have you supplied a workable solution. At no time have you and your cabal put up any option that doesn’t damage the U.K. That’s really useless.  
YOUR COMMENTS: I want to stress that these are the worst rated responses to the #repealedthe8th referendum result, but how many are real and how many are trolls? It’s genuinely hard to work out...  
Can the next referendum be on the size of the giant catapult that we will use to fire Ronan Mullen into the sun 
Spokesman for Ireland's pro-life 'Save The 8th' campaign John McGuirk has conceded that his campaign has lost the referendum 
#quote "I once told one of the govt whips that BREXIT was far more important to me than my job, or even theirs: this was our country’s future and we need to get it right. I stand by that comment."Respect @andreajenkyns. Pity not all MPs are so principled. 
The M20/A20 scene at Dover this morning with an eight mile lorry tailback at the start of the bank holiday weekend. Yet @transportgovuk have axed the planned M20 Lorry Park  We need be Ready On Day One for Brexit #ThinkAgain 
I’d rather you opposed Brexit. #StopBrexit 
So we've had #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #LeaveLies #ElectoralFraud and that's just for starters!WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL INSISTING THE REFERENDUM RESULT MUST BE RESPECTED?#NoBrexit #NoSurrender 
First real snapshot from the Wicklow tally: 13% of boxes tallied, YES 73% (6,700 votes) vs NO 27% (2,500 votes). Early days, but it's looking like one-way traffic here. #Referendum @rtenews 
 Ireland's abortion referendum - 'History in the making'  
‘@andreajenkyns: “Brexit is more important than any one party – even mine. And yet some of my colleagues are committed to reversing this huge democratic decision.” 
'Journalists' are insulting @theSNP because it has the audacity to write a detailed 350-page paper on the options for Scotland's economic future as an independent country conveniently forgetting that Tory Westminster held a referendum on EU membership without publishing a page.  
Pauline from Inverness isn’t convinced by the SNP’s Growth Commission report, she’s “sticking with the security of the UK”.If you agree with Pauline then join majority against another unwanted and divisive referendum:  
Absolutely! I despair for NI. Brexit and the DUP being the main reasons why. I’m a liberal Protestant and should a border poll arise - I’ll be voting for a UI. Much rather be part of open, inclusive Ireland and a member of the EU, than GB and what it’s become. Time for change! 
Exit polls on Ireland's abortion referendum show more than two thirds of voters want to change the country's strict law  
You prefer dragging Borders & Scotland off your UK Brexit cliff edge, without your having a plan or even a clue what future will hold, despite 62% voting Remain in Scotland. You don’t want Scotland’s voters to know they have an attractive, considered alternative. What. A. Shock. 
Maybe I'm believing my own Hype,But with Dan Hannan's own idiocy being pointed out to him on #Newsnight, and 1 Million Labour 'Leave' Voters changing their minds and regretting it, - maybe we ARE reaching the point where 'brexit', of ANY sort, becomes Politically untenable .. ? 
The big soundbite from the GAA Athletes For A No Vote launch was that we'd be bringing in a culture of death if the referendum passed. Look around Ireland today - has it ever felt more alive? 
I am delighted with the referendum result in Ireland.If the polls are right, the people - men and women - have finally overthrown the shackles of hypocritical and medieval beliefs which have led to the misery and shame of many women through generations in the Republic of Ireland 
Wow this clearly means Labour will be neutral when the next Independence referendum comes around. Great news! Oh wait..sorry..too much sun. I’m sure it’ll just be business as usual when  the BT Band get back together again.  
Ireland’s given us James Joyce, radiotherapy, Brian Friel, Iris Murdoch,  Seamus Heaney, Guinness, Saoirse Ronan, Oscar Wilde, batteries and now TWO stonking referendum results. How could we not love the pants off you? 
Be on notice that you may soon have the opportunity to choose between a hard Brexit party and a hard Brexit party.  
I welcome the result of Irish referendum to legalise abortion. Women should have the right to chose. #EU4Women 
Just as predicted many times by @NickCohen4  - the instigators of Brexit begin blaming others for the inevitable disaster  
Amazing news - exit polls for yesterday's #RepealTheEighth referendum in #Ireland are suggesting a landslide victory for women fighting for the right to choose. Now let's do it for the women of #NorthernIreland. Sign the petition and RT:  #ItsTime 
Counting in the Irish abortion referendum has begun after exit polls suggest more than two thirds of voters want the country to liberalise its law  
Comparisons between the Irish referendum and Brexit are pointless. The former was called because a clear majority wanted change on an important issue; the latter was called because the Tories couldn’t cling onto power without pandering to bigots, idiots and corrupt billionaires. 
And when considering Scotland's economic growth, folks could remember we are part of rUK economy and so when Brexit damages it, as it is doing, it damages Scotland's economy too. 2/2 
The Irish referendum result is what you get when a nation votes for the futures of young people.The UK referendum result is what you get when a nation votes for the past of old people. 
The US defied the liberal establishment and voted YES to Trump.The UK defied the liberal establishment and voted YES to Brexit.The Irish bow down to the liberal establishment and vote YES to abortion. 
The only major party whose voters rejected the referendum was Fianna Fáil with 50.3% No voters and 49.7% Yes. The yes vote among supporters of the other parties was: fine Gael 74.9%; Sinn Féin 74.5%; Labour 80.3%; Green Party 88.9%; Solidarity/PBP 82.1%. 
Voted remain and am so relieved Jeremy has not bowed to the pressure from the Blairites to adopt a divisive Brexit policy (because they hope it will cost him the next GE). Labour are the only party with a compromise Brexit position that can unite leavers and remainers. 
Counting begins in the Irish abortion referendum, as exit polls suggest a landslide vote in favour of liberalising the law  
Just on air now from @dublincastle with @Rte results TV special on the results of Referendum 2018 - join myself and my colleagues on @RTEOne all day long as we bring you comprehensive coverage & analysis  and then the final result later on today from the castle. 
Sky's senior Ireland correspondent @skydavidblevins explains that the country is witnessing a cultural 'earthquake', after the abortion referendum exit polls show more than two thirds of voters want to see changes to the law  
Time for a re-think @jeremycorbyn? Listen to your members, stop helping the Tories deliver Brexit and give people a vote on the final deal.  
We are not Britain with Brexit.We are not America with Trump.We are on our own, progressive trajectory of compassion and inclusion.And best of all...IrelandTrustsWomen#WeDidIt#RepealedThe8th 
She right about the ‘EU Exiting Committee’. I met them in Brussels headed up by Hilary Benn. Only a small minority actually want to leave. It’s all part of the Sabotage Brexit campaign.   
Letters: Brexit is difficult because Britain is not negotiating with nice people 
The official counting of votes in the abortion referendum in Ireland has begun after exit polls suggest the country overwhelmingly backed repealing the 8th amendment and relaxing the country's abortion laws 
More people have voted in the 8th ref than any referendum in the history of the Irish state. Scenes at the RDS count centre!  
It’s like a game of MP top trumps where we try to find the MP who is the biggest Brexit fool.  
This is what it’s like to watch trolls (and Americans) try to hijack your country’s abortion referendum.  
Compared to the wing and a prayer of Brexit, the Growth Commission Report is comprehensive and detailed. What this means is that Scotland is already more prepared for independence than the UK is prepared for post-Brexit Britain, says @weegingerdug. 
Yesterday I visited the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.The Tories’ reckless approach to Brexit risks dividing communities.Labour will negotiate a new customs union to prevent a hard border to secure peace and prosperity.  
SO, the morning after the referendum it looks like Ireland will #repealth8th - Two exit polls predict a 60+% landslide for Yes- Strong Yes across the country- big turnout- official result this afternoon 
Prominent Tory donor calls for Theresa May to resign to save Brexit  
This is my MP (@jeremycorbyn ) - his constituency voted by 76% to remain, he leads a party the majority of which wish to remain. He apparently opposes things which will hurt Jobs and the NHS, yet he supports Brexit to the detriment of him becoming PM. My MP is an idiot.  
And GDPR shows the power of a trading block such as the EU able to enforce the rights of its citizens globally, Brexit Britain won’t have this power. 
Actual picture of the UK, saddled with an impossible, backward-looking, regressive referendum result, watching the progressive leap forward of the referendum in Ireland. #repealthe8th 
Ireland abortion referendum: Exit polls suggest a landslide victory for the Yes campaign  #repealthe8th 
Worth bookmarking a list of the 32 TDs that tried to block the Referendum. #Repealed 
As one referendum comes to a close, let us heal the divisions and move on united to ensure our next referendum is on Irish Unity. Retweet if you agree. #UnityRef  
Unlike our near neighbours and their last referendum we did listen to and respect our experts. 
Congratulations to all Irish  #CommunistScumbagFeministGoblins for winning the referendum. :-)#repealthe8th 
Time the Irish started thinking up some English jokes. They  seem to be able to handle a referendum without unleashing chaos...#repealthe8th 
If you hate Brexit I automatically like you... I can't help myself! 
Of the more than 1,200 people polled for supplementary questions,  82% said they had not changed their minds about how they would vote during the Referendum campaign and 76% said they had not changed their minds about abortion over the last 5 years. 
I presume the losers in the Irish referendum will be demanding a second referendum as the winners obviously did not know what they were voting for 
We don't want another independence referendum, we want a government that improves our education system.SHARE if you agree.  
The fact that women of #Ireland have been forced to obey or risk prison and now have their choices about their *own bodies* & futures decided on by a public referendum deserves serious reflection.This will be talked of in history lessons as barbaric.#Repeal8th #hometovote 
The Irish Referendum shows again there can often be a great gulf between what we are told about public opinion and what public opinion actually is. Maybe because the media is so overwhelmingly reactionary and pro-status quo. #r4today #bbcnews 
About to do @BBCr4today from Hay Festival. They’ve got me on the sports slot to talk @sbs_book - going to be tough to squeeze in Brexit but I’ll give it a go 
Express: "Sod the unelected BUREAUCRATS in Brussels. We will THRIVE by trading under WTO rules!"Also Express:"Outrageous - the WTO is run by unelected BUREAUCRATS and has RULES!"#Brexit #FBPE 
Toughen up now, Mrs May — you have two weeks to save Brexit and your Government  
On Independence in Scotland, Brexit in the UK, and now abortion law reform in Ireland, young voters are leading the way. Time for my generation to wake up and smell the future. 
Sorry @BBCr4today but our closest neighbour has just conducted an historic referendum on an issue of fundamental moral importance to people here as well as there, & you decide to decamp to the HayFestival? @Marthakearney would have been absolutely brilliant in Dublin. #whatawaste 
Brexit has brought out the truth about our politicians,Lords who believe in democracy until they lose  
We know the problem in the North. The party that blocks, marriage equality, that believes women who exercise their reproductive rights should be criminalised, that block an agreed Irish Language Act, who want to force BREXIT on a people who rejected it.  
Nicola Sturgeon: “Brexit will make us all poorer”. Sorry, Nicola, but I’m afraid I disagree.  And it seems most UK voters disagree. And a significant number of economists disagree. Ther are two main grounds for Brexit: self-determination, and economic benefit. 
My bit on the government’s week in Brexit  
Well: Remianers are pointing out the facts, arguing against Brexit, working to stop it ruining our country and the future of the young who are against Brexit - so yes, Remainers are a problem for Brexit! (& in 5 years you won't find many acknowledging that they voted for it.)  
Leaving is perfectly straight forward.The problem is political & bureaucratic sabotage of the referendum result by remainers.Doris does not want to leave, neither does the her civil service.IT AINT DIFFICULT OWEN IF THERE WAS A GENUINE WILL.  
German Brexit coordinator goes where Jacob Rees Mogg fears to tread: the Irish border.  
"PEOPLE ARE GETTING ANGRY" - We've just published a reader's letter to his MP about @theresa_may and #Brexit.  Do you agree with him?  Read it here:  
excited to see the UK journos struggle to find a Brexit comparison now 
The day after the Irish abortion referendum, the Today programme has sent an army of people to...the Hay Festival 
When it comes to Brexit the government has a bottomless pit of money. When it comes to the NHS and other vital services we are told we can’t afford it. What we can’t afford is Brexit! Demand a #PeoplesVote 
Sorry, Britain. Europe is ready to move on from Brexit  
'Remoaners are the PROBLEM' - Daniel Hannan SLAMS Evan Davis over Brexit criticism So, according to the logic of Dan the Han, if I complain about a meal in a restaurant, it's my fault not the Chef's? 
Most Irish people think referendum posters should be banned  
this is disgusting. Labour backed REMAIN, but BREXIT won this propaganda blaming Corbyn reflects the RW of Labour and their failure to understand the very thing our party was build on it is CALLED #Democracy...   Corbyn CANNOT change Brexit, nor can you such ignorance and insult  
The tide is turning. The British people won't be fooled forever. Dr Andrew Murrison, MP for South West Wiltshire, is just the first - all parliamentary Brexiters will be running away, denying they're MPs and washing their hands of #Brexit before long. #StopBrexit .@SODEMAction 
MPs are inadequately informed about EU/trade/WTO/borders/effects of Brexit.Some repeat misinformation & some blatantly lie.Q: Should MPs undergo 2-3 days compulsory training by experts during @HouseofCommons recess so that MPs can no longer spout lies & nonsense about Brexit? 
Brexit 'Tube-style' map designed by Essex academic  
#UnaSealy Time Lapse(oil, acrylic on canvas, 100x100cm) @RHAGallery Exit polls show 87% of 18-24 year olds voted #yes The people in this painting all voted in their 1st referendum yesterday #Repealed #artistsrepealthe8th @artistsrepeal8 have made such important #art #IrishArt 
Christina Applegate unwillingly plays an annoying game in a grocery store parking lot.  
In the last financial year, just 6 government departments have spent £346 million on Brexit. Alternatively, they could've funded 2,403 nurses, almost 3,000 police officers and 2,357 figherfighters. 
More people are speaking out against Brexit. This time, it's leaders in tech and innovation! You can speak out too! Call for a #PeoplesVote #RethinkBrexit #FBPE  
Irish abortion referendum: Exit polls suggest landslide for repeal  
It’s desperately important that the UK Government ensure folk born in the EU have proper rights after Brexit.  
2/2Could MPs have 2-3 days of “recess” for COMPULSORY TRAINING on EU / trade agreements rules / WTO / borders / effects of Brexit so they are adequately informed to make decisions & have no excuse to talk nonsense or lie to us.Brexit is too big to be decided by misinformed. 
What matters is, not what currency arrangements are adopted at any particular time, but the capacity to decide which currency arrangements are most appropriate... | It'd mak ye weep!  via @ScottoVoceBlog #Referendum#2018 
New polling analysis reveals that a second referendum would swing to Remain  via @prospect_uk 
It's a Yes: Historic abortion referendum set to pass overwhelmingly by almost 70:30 #8thRef  
Brexit was the culmination of a decades-long struggle against European political integration, says Tristan Jervis  
As the Irish referendum looks likely to show, when you revisit a topic, previously thought to be settled, people may change their minds. 
Ireland, 8th Amendment Referendum:B&A Exit PollUrban AreasYes: 72%No: 28%Rural AreasYes: 63%No: 37%#8thref 
Great news from the courageous @Anna_Soubry . I’m asking if my MP will join us on #peoplesmarch on Saturday 23 June. Why not ask if your MP will ? #FBPE #WATON #Brexit  
Can we perhaps,just for 5 minutes,put Brexit to one side, and focus on the destruction of our country by this government whilst we are still in the EU. The NHS has never been at more risk,record homelessness,120,000+ deaths due to health and social care cuts. An endless list  
It takes an American to tell it straight. Watch as Lionel Shriner on #bbcqt rightly slams the so-called Brexit “transition period” and the pathetic performance of the government in negotiations.  
Sturgeon claimed Scotland was being "dragged out of Europe against our will" Funny in the #GrowthCommission report there is NO COMMITMENT WHATSOEVER TO APPLYING TO JOIN THE EU STURGEON IS AN OPPORTUNIST, ANTI-DEMOCRAT FRAUDSTER,  OF THE VERY HIGHEST ORDER #indyref2 #Brexit 
Dominic Lawson correctly points out that #Brexit is being led by Remainers.We have a PM who doesn't believe in Brexit, we need a full-on Brexit leadership challenge, not another general election.  
Good Morning and especially to Ireland, to the mighty, courageous women and men who have made history. Not shit history like Brexit & Trump but progressive, radical, compassionate, brilliant history.  Women's rights, human rights. You're incredible.    
When I was adjuncting a student asked me if I supported marriage equality b/c the referendum was coming up in MD and I said, "Well, I think my wife and I would like to be recognized as such, so I'd say I'm in!" 
If the exit polls in the Irish referendum are accurate, then it'd be fair to say that the snakes have been let back in. 
If you’re already using the Irish abortion referendum to tell fellow Catholics that they’re wrong about integralism/liberalism/democracy, maybe give it like 24 hours, so people can be sad about something sad, and so that you can be sure you’ve got your thoughts together. 
"Ireland has voted by a landslide margin to change the constitution so that abortion can be legalised... The poll suggests that the margin of victory for the Yes side in the referendum will be 68 per cent to 32 per cent..." 
Then bloggers not voicing their opinions on the referendum because they don’t want to lose a few followers shove your discount up your hole 
Russian and right-wing American trolls may have tried to hijack the Irish referendum on abortion, but as the results will show tomorrow, they were not successful. One simple reason - Ireland has a much lower percentage of gullible idiots than America.  
Brexit: a license to print rubbish - Robert Hardman of the Mail is doing the equivalent of shouting "fire" in a crowded auditorium. It is plain irresponsible and people are going to get hurt. But hey! We have a "free" press in this country...  #Brexinfo. 
#RETWEET & #SHARE If you think like me that the time has come for our PATHETIC #PM @theresa_may to #RESIGN! #TheresaMay is undermining #BREXIT & #BRITAIN! This #POLITICAL #LIAR & #FRAUDSTER must GO! #MayMustGO #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty #UK 
We are NOT sabotaging Brexit, we are fighting to stop it. ‘Get us out of this mess. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FinalSay 
Exit polls giving YES a clear majority everywhere: This referendum does not represent an uprising of the young against an old Ireland ; it is a fundamental rejection by the entire country of what has gone before; the final casting off of old mores.#irishreferendum 
The untold story in the Irish abortion referendum is the collapse of lay Catholic groups’ influence 
“However, the size of the victory predicted by the exit poll leaves little doubt that, whatever the final count figures, the constitutional ban on abortion, inserted in a referendum in 1983, is set to be repealed.”#Repealthe8 
I'm *thrilled* by the #Ireland vote. But I'd also like to ask every man to take a moment and imagine what it feels like to have your most basic right to control your own body decided by public referendum. 
The victory in the Irish abortion referendum should make U.S. repro rights advocates rethink their strategy: maybe organizing people is a better approach than lobbying, litigation, and relying on fickle Dem pols. 
Irish referendum exit polls: Abortion set to be decriminalised in Ireland after crushing win for Yes vote.  #RepealThe8th #Referendum2018 
When the Italian referendum on abortion was lost in 1981 (32 to 68%), a magazine close to CL titled "let us start again from 32." The next day Giussani said "let us start gain from 1" referring to Christ. The real problem in Ireland (and elsewhere) is not abortion. 
For those following the abortion referendum vote in Ireland, exit polls suggest the outcome is a big YES for women’s control over their own bodies and equality in reproductive freedom for all...  
I hope the results of the Referendum will bring some comfort to the parents of Savita Halappanavar. Her death was needless but it has changed Ireland for the better. So many lives will be saved because of Savita 
Ireland's referendum results: legalised abortion projected to win "by a landslide"  
Whoop !! In all the darkness of Brexit, of Tump, of austerity - Ireland managed to shine a light of hope, compassion and belief in a better future. Thank you Ireland xxx  
Ireland's referendum results: legalised abortion projected to win "by a landslide" 
Silent repealers, the referendum widows & widowers. Mrs. D is one of those. While I have been out repealing, she’s been doing all the work at home as well as a full time job. Next week & beyond is her time off. We couldn’t do it without them.  #RepealThe8th #TogetherForYes 
One other key difference - irish voters in #8thref believed that their individual votes would matter - this graph from last week’s @IrishTimes is telling. I’d love to see a comparator for Brexit/ Trump @fotoole #Referendum2018 
Yes!Also as Fintan O'Tooles tweet pointed out, all the trumpian Brexit moneyed  tactics and metrics were unceremoniously trounced today.The counter revolution starts here! 
I'm gutted. After #Brexit and @realDonaldTrump I thought that right wing bullshit would win every election. And now #repealthe8th. 
Fantastic news from Ireland. Holding a referendum on what is a human rights and health issue is appalling, but it's awesome to see this outcome  abortions should be legal, accessible, and free to people who want them. This gives me hope for Aotearoa.  
Dont understand the praise for Simon Harris on result of the referendum, Harris and  Varadkar used this referendum as a vote catcher, If Varadkar ,Harris and Murphy cared about women they would not force them to live in hotels and hubs and use 8th to bury #CervicalCheckScandal 
We fought a fight that generations to come will look back on and admire. It is nowhere near over.A new pro-life generation has been forged from the fire of this referendum and we will not rest until every child in the womb is protected.Take heart. It has only begun. #LoveBoth 
referendum starter pack x  
My grandfather came to America from Ireland in ‘53 and wanted his children to be raised as Americans. Now America has turned all of Ireland into itself and I can say with confidence that he would not feel the same were he to come over today. The referendum is profoundly sad. 
Has anyone seen David Davis recently? When Brexit is coming to the crunch time, Davis has gone missing... #WhereIsDavidDavis #r4today 
'Forget Brexit, we need to start talking about the real issue blighting our nation – potholes'  
New BBC drama imagines divided UK dissolving into civil war post-Brexit  
Still waiting for the long, well written document about how the United Kingdom is working for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Brexit provides a bleak future and thankfully some in Scotland are waking up to the reality and wanting out. #GrowthCommission 
Daniel Hannan and Nigel Farage are kryponite to journalism. They are where truth goes to die, and where decades of lying have no real consequence. Why? Because they have done nothing with their political lives. Until #Brexit. Which they have royally fucked up  
In a landmark referendum, millions in Ireland were asked if they wanted to overturn a constitutional ban on abortion.  
#MichaelPortillo - "It is the #Government's duty to deliver #Brexit and apparently it’s the idea of the #Lords and lots of people in the #ConservativeParty to frustrate that. "Beware the wrath of the electorate if you do frustrate it."  #BBC #SKY #LBC #TORY 
If the Irish can vote to repeal the 8th Amendment and step bravely forward into a bright new day, surely the British can find enough commonsense and courage to end the national shame and degradation that is Brexit. 
You don’t know about your 23rd Amendment referendum of June 7th 2001 that dealt with death penalty?  No , you go and get your facts right about your own country. So shameful that you apparently don’t know. G-night.  
#MichaelPortillo The #British Government has managed to allow itself to be convinced that the Irish issue has to dominate Brexit. This suits the British #civilservice, who never wanted to leave the EU in the first place it suits the EU & it suits the Irish 
In a historic referendum, Ireland is poised to repeal its abortion ban, exit polls show  
Turns out you can’t buy an Irish referendum. 
if we can get a landslide referendum victory,I'm pretty sure we can find me a primatologist, 28-35. 
Irish referendum another example of how the Catholic Church has collapsed in power and influence since Vatican II. Once you "liberalize" an institution, it loses its raison d'être. Arguments for institutions to "change with the times" are made in bad faith or out of naiveté. 
This follows one of the highest reported turnouts for a referendum.  
Ireland abortion vote: How the death of Savita Halappanavar helped bring about referendum - She died in an Irish hospital after being denied a termination following complications with her pregnancy #repealedthe8th 
Irish Times Exit Poll: The size of the victory predicted by the exit poll leaves little doubt that, whatever the final count figures, the constitutional ban on abortion, inserted in a referendum in 1983, is set to be repealed. 
Seems likely that, given the mammoth turnout today, there will be over 2 million #8thRef ballots counted tomorrow - more than in any other referendum in the history of this state. A roaring, resounding verdict. A lot of counting to be done. Live in the RDS from 9am on TV3.  
Ireland referendum could lift strict ban on abortion.  
Hannan has nothing.....oh, except that this #brexitshambles  is the fault of the Remainers! You couldn't make it up but Daniel just has!!!! 
I'm going to march for a #PeoplesVote on June 23 to demand that the people have a say on the final Brexit deal - will you join us?  @peoplesvote_uk 
Hey @campaignforleo you know that Referendum you’re planning next to delete the ‘Women’s place is in the home’ provision can we just do that one by a show of hands? would save all the aggro 
The price of Brexit will be the NHSFar from an extra £350m a week, the UK now faces a choice: between Brexit, and a fully funded NHS that worksAsk yourself how a poll in those terms would go. Back a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain - to #StopBrexit 
America: elects Trump Britain: brexitIreland: MARRIAGE EQUALITY AND REPEALED THE FUCKIN 8th we are the little island that could 
I’m celebrating the early polling by unblocking @PaddyJManning and gloating at his, yet again, being on the losing side of a referendum.#voteYes#repealthe8th 
Remember as you see these exit polls coming trhough from Ireland's Referendum tonightThat Scotland *was not allowed* an exit poll in 2014Remember thatNot allowed 
The final polls showed the "yes" side in the Irish abortion referendum—a "yes" vote would authorize Ireland's parliament to legalize abortion—ahead by an average of 20-25 points. The UK media, claiming there was a "shy" no vote, predicted a close race. So guess what happened?  
Fianna Fáil who voted against even having a referendum show once again how out of touch they are. Fine Gael were dragged to their position by pressure but Fine Fáil prove undraggable. They were the same on marriage equality. The young generation should dump them wholesale. 
I hope every single American right wing Christian that came here to interfere in our referendum has their luggage lost on the way home. 
Incredibly inspired by all the young people flying #HomeToVote in Ireland  to #RepealThe8th. It’s looking like Young People will make the difference in this referendum, and it gives me such hope for the US in November. The young people will win. #Onward 
Has partition ever felt as sharp as it does tonight since 1998? It isn’t Brexit tonight that’s giving it sharp relief - Ireland should be an island of equal marriage and abortion rights tonight. Six counties lie in dark isolation - so near yet so far to equality 
Exit poll projects a lead for repeal of the 8th Amendment in Ireland’s historic constitutional referendum.  
Irish Times Exit Poll Age Group Breakdown:18-24 YES 87% NO 13%25-34 YES 83% NO 17%35-49 YES 74% NO 26%50-64 YES 63% NO 37%65+ YES 40% NO 60%(Source: )#Referendum #Ireland #Abortion 
Wow!So, IF there was a referendum and IF we voted for independence, we would be a wealthy country in....................................... 25 years time?How could anyone turn that down? 
The silence of Pope Francis over the Ireland referendum (allowing for the legalization of abortion) is quite unsettling.Absolutely tragic that he won't use his massive platform to champion life.  
#repealthe8th majority of FF TDS voted against even holding referendum. Turnout and hopefully the result says it all 
in the smallest smallest voice, can I suggest we never leave women's fundamental human rights down to a referendum again tho 
Trump happened, Brexit happened. But it turns out Irish people see right through hate and scare tactics. We are kind, we are compassionate and we know how to right a wrong. It's a new day! #repealEDthe8th #together4yes #repealthe8th 
Irish abortion referendum: Polls close  
A second exit poll for Ireland's abortion referendum has also predicted that people have voted to #repealthe8th 
Fantastic to speak just now to 400 young #Brexit and #Nexit supporters in Amsterdam. And what a pleasure to reach the venue by canal with my friend @thierrybaudet. 
America voted for TrumpBritain voted for BrexitWe voted for equal rights and women’s healthWhile the Western World Regresses there’s a little island on the edge of the Atlantic that stands for ProgressWe are ÉireWe are proud 
Apparently I'm a dreadful person for laughing at Tommy Robinson and Daniel Hannan, let alone ruining Brexit. My bad.#FBPE 
Ireland, 8th Amendment Referendum:B&A exit pollYes: 68%No: 32%#8thref 
next time we have a referendum about something can we get Ireland to do it for us 
Second exit poll confirms landslide in historic Irish abortion referendum  
A RTE/Behaviour & Attitudes exit poll says 69.4% of voters in the Republic of Ireland have backed changing abortion laws following a referendum while 30.6% have opposed it 
RTÉ exit poll for Ireland’s #Repealthe8th referendum:69.4 Yes30.6 No pic.twitter.com/XRLFG7bU4w 
Exit polls referendum predict landslide vote for repeal! #Together4Yes  oh Ireland, you are giving us so much hope right now!  
Come on Brits! Let’s be inspired by the Irish example to take back ownership of #Brexit from Jacob Rees-Mogg, John Redwood, Michael Gove, Boris Johnson, ERG, #DailyFail, Rupert Murdoch et al, and have a #PeoplesVote to #ExitfromBrexit for a better future! 
BREAK: @RTE EXIT POLL YES: 69.4% NO: 30.6% in Ireland's Abortion Referendum ANOTHER LANDSLIDE backing up @IrishTimes POLL 
BREAKING: RTE exit poll on abortion referendum finds 69.4% voted YES to abortion ban to be lifted 
After Brexit, Trump, Orban, Salvini Ireland joins Macron in saving Europe's honour in showing that illiberal reaction is not all-conquering @JohnOBrennan2 @john_lichfield @fotoole @harrietsherwood 
Yes forcing a Brexit on a country that didn’t vote for it and forcing Tory government on a country that didn’t vote for it - disgusting brit empire Nazis 
18-24 voted 87% for #repealth8th. Almost 9/10.  Young people have an  amazing ability to make the right decision for their own futures when presented  with true facts.  18-24 in UK are over 70% remain but Corbyn lies to them over Brexit with a policy of purposeful ambiguity. 
Appearing on the BBC specifically to blame other people for the Brexit shit show you've spent your whole life creating is a joke @DanielJHannan Take some accountability, your lifes work wrecks the country. Own it. You brought it. pic.twitter.com/4HCIFRE8CT 
I hope after this referendum, Irish media realises Katie ascough isn't the only voter under the age of 30 
One thing from this referendum result.  Ireland has moved on.  The younger Fine Gael politicians will do well in the next election, SF could also do well.  I would be concerned if FF, that the party is too reliant on older Ireland. 
if there's one conclusion after the referendum result that can be summed up in a tweet: this is a massive fuck you to the catholic church 
After the Conservative party got back into power, after the EU Referendum result, after Trump won, I’ve got used to being saddened and disheartened by voting results.But not this time, people of Ireland, you little beauties. #REPEALTHE8TH 
BBC News going live from Dublin castle on the referendum. RTE talking to a comedian with his shirt off. #latelate 
Results of an exit poll suggests the Irish abortion ban will be repealed. Here's what you need to know about the referendum.  
USI President Michael Kerrigan will be in the RDS tomorrow to talk to any media about the youth vote in today’s referendum:Irish Times exit poll by age group: 87% yes 18-25-year-olds83% yes 25-34 74% yes 35-4963% yes 50-6440% yes 65+  
Evan: “Isn’t the real truth of this, this is a real shambles because the @Conservatives Party hasn’t decided what it wants to get from Brexit.”@DanielJHannan: ‘It’s not our fault that Brexit is a shambles! It’s the remainers’ fault!’Yeah, of course it is, Dan...#Newsnight 
Also, that Ireland referendum repealing the abortion ban? That’s gonna be what happens in November. Gonna be repealing GOP outa the House and Senate. 
The Irish composed a #referendum that allowed both The People to state their will & the legislature to do its job as sovereign lawmaker..:“Provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancy.."#VoteYes#ExitPoll -#landslide: #Yes 
*DO NOT* suggest that Northern Ireland has a referendum too. We do not have abortion restrictions enshrined in a constitution. We (and the rest of the UK) are governed by the British 1861 Offences Against the Person Act. We must decriminalise abortion! 
Because of British colonialism, people in Northern Ireland still wont have abortion access after the referendum. Never forgive, never forget and never let @AbortionSupport go without the money they need to continue to help. 
After The #Brexit vote split the country in two and arguments could be heard loudly up and down the country, it’s taken Liverpool to reach the Champions League final to finally unite everyone again in the desperate hope that they lose to Real Madrid. 
"Worse than either remaining or leaving" - @DanielJHannan's verdict on the proposed Brexit 'backstop' #newsnight 
Another reason to be cheerful is that Ireland is the first Anglophone country to face the full panoply of Trump/Brexit/Bannon tactics and withstand that onslaught. #repealtheeigth 
Big thank you to @SimonHarrisTD who championed this referendum and spoke eloquently for all of us during the final debate. Next stop, legislation! 
Most people are decent and kind and progressive - given the chance and the permission to be so. I've long believed that and will continue to do so til the day they fire up my coffin. The Irish referendum result gives us all the hope that I'm right. Well done. #repealthe8th #Yes 
Reading the nonsense claims by the far-right that completely manage to miss the legal reality why pretend journalist and real far-right thug Tommy Robinson was arrested (this time) makes me fear for post-Brexit Britain. If migrant workers left the UK IQ might plummet 
“This referendum does not represent an uprising of the young against an old Ireland; it is a fundamental rejection by the whole country of what has gone before; the final casting off of old mores.”  
UK - votes for Brexit                               USA - votes for trump                              Ireland - votes for marriage equality and women's rights #repealth8th #Together4YES  
Sex is great and all but have you seen the referendum exit poll? 
Tommy Robinson arrested Harvey Weinstein attestedExit polls suggest Ireland have voted ‘Yes’ - Today is a good news day. Tomorrow: Tories and Brexit somehow disappear (we live in hope) 
the real unsung heroes of this referendum are our international mutuals who have no clue what we’re all celebrating about rn 
The inspiring thing about this referendum has been the clear and understandable explanation of the medical issues by obstetricians. So thank you @meogan @mairenihuigin @drjendonnelly @drboylan @AoifeMullally @lynch_noirin @louiseckenny  and my brilliant sister @climurphy 
Sobering thought that the current bookmaker’s favourite to be the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom would have been on the losing side of today’s abortion referendum. 
Wow  Let’s hope so: amazing if true. A referendum where voters choose a progressive future full of hope, love and respect.  
Many of us expected a close result in the referendum. If the Irish Times exit poll is accurate, Ireland has made an historic decision,  by a massive landslide, to repeal the constitutional ban on abortion. 
Hear the woman who emptied her savings account to fly to Ireland to vote in the Irish abortion referendum, on @CBCOnTheCoast at 4:05 today. 88.1 FM. 
The first exit poll from the Eighth Referendum suggests a huge winning margin for the Yes side  
Breaking! Ireland has voted to liberalise its abortion laws by 68% to 32% in Friday’s referendum, according to an exit poll conducted for The Irish Times.  
in Brexit Britain Prometheus would invent Virgin healthcare and sell dead patients livers to the eagle, amass a fortune and go and live in the Caribbean and pay no tax, whilst fooling people he was a lovable gent who did everything for "the people's" benefit 
Irish Times exit poll suggests that the margin of victory for the Yes side in the referendum will be 68 per cent to 32 per cent – a stunning victory for the Yes side after a long and often divisive campaign. 
"Caroline Lucas, of the People’s Vote campaign for a referendum on the final deal: With the costs of Brexit mounting up, and with the fantasy benefits melting away, we need a People’s Vote at the end of this shambolic process"Indeed.#Brexitshambles 
I have to say this is all part of the contempt the middle-class elite have for the white working-class. They don’t care if their children are raped & they believe their votes for #Brexit are worthless.  
Exit poll indicate voters in Ireland have decided to ease restrictions on abortion in the country. In a landmark referendum, millions were asked if they wanted to overturn a constitutional ban on abortion.  
IPSOS/MRBI exit poll for Ireland’s #Repealthe8th referendum: 68 Yes32 No  
#Breaking Ireland has voted to liberalise its abortion laws by 68% to 32% in Friday’s referendum, according to an exit poll conducted for The Irish Times 
The scene at Savita’s mural in Dublin’s Portobello as polls closed in Ireland’s abortion referendum  
BREAKING: Ireland votes overwhelmingly in favour of 'Yes' in abortion referendum - exit poll   
Brexit is more important to me than my job in Government – which is why I quit it's @andreajenkyns 
Big Ben must bong for Brexit. End of.  
How both sides of the debate prepared for today's abortion referendum in Ireland.  
Ireland has voted by a landslide margin to change the constitution so that abortion can be legalised, according to an exit poll conducted for The Irish Times by Ipsos/MRBI.The margin of victory for the Yes side in the referendum will be 68% to 32%  
EXIT POLL: @IrishTimes predicting YES have won in a landslide 68% to NO 32% in Ireland's Abortion Referendum This is just at EXIT POLL but incredible if true @SkyNews #the8th 
An Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI exit poll says 68% of voters in the Republic of Ireland have backed changing abortion laws following a referendum while 32% have opposed it 
Exit poll suggests landslide win for Yes side in Eighth Amendment referendum  
Brexit in any form is bad for people’s health and will cause inevitable food shortages in the United Kingdom, according to the latest issue of British Medical Journal. 
Voting has closed in the referendum on whether to repeal or retain the Eighth Amendment  
In WW2 we fought against the same kind of ideology that Brexit Britain is creating.Commonalities:Populist nationalismExceptionalismDemonization of experts/judgesCulture of xenophobia"Will of the people" rhetoric to silence debate 
Barnier calls for REALISM over Brexit deal.Time for May to walk away and give Barnier a dose of realism.  
25 minutes left to vote in the referendum. Lots of turnout reports. If you haven't voted yet, take nothing for granted. Every vote will count. I wish I had a vote. If I did I'd be using it to help #repealthe8th. 
John Mills:We had a referendum in 2016.We were told by Govt parliament would respect result.Now they want to reverse it.What is democracy about if it is not taking a decision & then implementing it.Customs Union is effectively in Single Market#Brexit 
Anyone who lives or works in Scotland should have a say in any future referendum. No ifs, no buts. 
Dominic Lawson correctly points out that Brexit is being led by Remainers.  
#StillYESNice to be able to give this another watch after it “mysteriously” disappeared and was unavailable during the run-up to the referendum.One of the immense privileges of my life was to meet my personal hero and fluent native Gael, Kay Matheson, one of the four students  
it has little chance of getting one.  This claim by Hammond that U.K. will build its own system is ridiculous.  I am sick to death of Tory Brexit tossers telling huge lies & journalists failing to call them out on simple facts. 
The reason why Brexit failed is nobody wanted to do the heavy lifting required to implement Brexit. Everyone washed their hands said "I did my part" and abandoned the cause. What a sad fall of a once great country. #FreeTommy 
Flowers are left at the foot of a new mural of Savita Halappanavar, put up on the day of Ireland's abortion referendum, in Dublin. More photos:   @ClodaghKilcoyne 
Abortion referendum: Turnout hits 70% in some areas as deadline looms 
40 minutes to go now in a Referendum 35 years in the making. If you've forgotten to or just haven't voted yet, your window is very rapidly closing. #8thRef 
#Editorial I think it is time for us all to admit that Brexit was a complete and utter failure. The U.K. will not let you take your country back even if you all turn out to vote. You live in a police state. The once shining beacon of western values is lost. #FreeTommy 
The poverty and inequality Thatcher brought plagues Labour areas to this day. It was a deliberate act to disempower & destroy, and Brexit is Thatcherism on steroids.The vast majority of Labour people know it, our Leadership must stand & fight this new attack on working people.  
Having been lucky enough to work and travel extensivley through Europe I can say that sharing EU citizenship is wonderful.Fornm those that doubt me. I suggest jumping on a plane and going somewhere other than the Costa del sol.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Irish citizens from all over the world are returning to Ireland to make their voices heard in an abortion referendum today, and using the hashtag #HomeToVote to share why. We heard from one of them: 
CLAIM: Soros-Backed Anti-Brexit Activists Being Trained to Target MPs  
To this day I find it remarkable how Remainers haven't made this the heart & soul of their Brexit policy. If you (successfully) link extra money for the NHS to single market / customs union membership you reshape the debate entirely.  
Poll: Do you support a second Scottish independence referendum? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
As polls in Ireland close on the referendum to #repealthe8th let's honor the amazing women who fought for this moment, relentlessly, strategically, & courageously for so many years. I can only imagine how you must feel tonight.We see you. We appreciate you. We stand in awe. 
I used to be a BBC producer. Indeed I used to produce Jeremy Paxman.I cannot see any reason for a self-respecting Current Affairs prog to interview D Hannan, who has repeatedly shown himself to be ignorant of the basics of Brexit & who confidently spouts ludicrous inaccuracies. 
New heartbreaking footage showing all the brutality displayed by Spanish policemen against peaceful Catalan voters on October 1st 2017 self-determination referendum in Catalonia. This is Europe. #FreeCatalanPoliticalPisoners #CatalanRepubkic 
Brexit: Hammond's 'go it alone' warning over Galileo sat-nav scheme: Add another £10bn to the Brexit bill. Our money being wasted! Demand a #PeoplesVote ! 
EU seems to be sticking to its strategy of dismissing Britain's approach to Brexit  
UK government has failed in its duty to level with the public about the scale of compromise & costs involved in Brexit, as indeed has the Labour party. May is running out of time to realign a delusional domestic debate with international reality. 
Labour clearly going with the line that independence = standing still. It doesn't mean that, obviously. But even if we allow that proposition to go forward for the sake of argument, standing still does have advantages compared to jumping off the brexit cliff. 
Average voter turnout in urban areas in Co Wicklow was headed towards 70% shortly after 8pm. One of the highest figures is in Charlesland in Greystones - at 73%. Turnout in the county is at least matching marriage referendum so far, polling inspectors say. (Thanks Aengus Cox. 
A matter close to my heart ... we've got a good, thriving #film industry in Britain. We can all take pride in its achievements. It does a great job showcasing British imagination, creativity and technical skills. Why on earth would we want to sacrifice it on the #Brexit altar?  
Brexit is a delusional mix of anger & nostalgia, anger at foreigners & nostalgia for the days of empire. Brexiters imagine they can abuse foreign born people in the UK while opening lucrative new trade routes with their home countries. Forget it. 
The six tricks Mark Carney used to cook up his ‘Brexit costs you £900’ figure  
Ireland’s abortion vote becomes a test for Facebook and Google, as suspicious ads come from groups outside the country — "We didn't elect Mark Zuckerberg to make decisions about how our referendum should be run” 
BREXIT: Littlejohn is gnashing his teeth at the thought of the country he no longer lives in not obeying the will of his newspaper editor.  
.“[Ruth Davidson] MUST know that her own Brexit-obsessed party is currently wrestling with a prolonged outbreak of constitutional fundamentalism MORE economically damaging than ANYTHING the SNP has proposed in the last half-century.". by @joycemcm 
You've got a fucking nerve @jeremycorbyn - even your own members have no voice on #Brexit because of your thick-headedness.. What Ireland needs is for you to do your job and oppose this madness.  
“George Soros, a Hungarian American billionaire, has just donated £6.5m to wreck Brexit. Not on influencing how we vote in a referendum, No! On how to wreck the result of how we voted in a referendum. I think any cause headed by George Soros and Tony Blair is kind of doomed”  
Leave voters - especially Labour voters and those under 40 - are getting wobbly. Remain voters are largely holding firm. There's a good chance that a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal would produce a different result. Fascinating analysis by Peter Kellner.  
When the European Union economy is recording its fastest economic growth in a decade, the UK is an absolute state. We've gone from fastest growing to slowest, at near standstill due to Brexit and heading for recession.Brexit fails our country. We oppose it, as should @UKLabour 
Galileo cost the EU 22 billion euros. For the UK it would be more expensive, so let's say £30 billion. Shall we add that to the Brexit bill? What's the running total now? Anyone? 
“If we were to ask for an Article 50 extension in order to conduct a referendum, there is absolutely no doubt that we would get it” - author of Article 50. 
All my support for Irish women today in the abortion referendum. Women’s rights are human rights. I hope Ireland gets infected by this democratizing and unstoppable feminist wave.Good luck, sisters!#AbortionRights 
But good to know this is how you want to spend the evening of this historic referendum, one that could end centuries of pain for Irish women: debating the linguistics of a TfL badge 
Brexit is more important to me than my job in Government – which is why I quit, writes @andreajenkyns 
@POTUS #Trump @realDonaldTrump HELP#TommyRobinson is YOU ME #UK #Brexit #PATRIOT #FREESpeech WARRIORTrying to #MUKGA HE MUST NOT BE IMPRISONED muslims will Kill Him @theresa_may MUST STOP THIS NOW PLEASE SPEAK UP FOR TOMMY a HERO 
Ken Clarke is right. 'The public can't understand what's going on with Brexit as nothing of what they're hearing about now had anything to do with the referendum campaign.'  
Ireland's oldest voter in the referendum has cast her preference.  Nancy Stewart was born in 1913 & today at the ripe old age of 104 and a half, Nancy Stewart from Clonard on the Meath-Westmeath border voted  - with her daughter Olive and her grand daughter Louise. More @rtenews 
Little Jackie boy's political travel highlights include;Meeting with PM David Cameron in private prior to Cameron announcing the Brexit referendum.Trump meet in private: Jan 2017Netanyahu meet in private : May 2018@LouiseMensch@thespybrief@ericgarland@DrDenaGrayson 
The only way Britain will be Great again is if we have a total break from the EU. We need to be a totally free country where the EU is powerless. That is never going to happen with May as PM because she will just keep trying to dilute Brexit & extend EU rule. May has to go!  
If Brexit doesn’t happen, then Britain has no claim to be a democracy — Brendan O’Neill on the ceaseless elitist war on Brexit.  
TONIGHT: Is the government's Brexit vision in crisis? #newsnight will speak to @DanielJHannan from Amsterdam about the best way forward for the UK on trade – 22:30 on @BBCTwo 
The UK is far gone. It's worse than Germany, worse than France, worse than the U.S. One could make a cogent argument against Brexit-- that the European Union would maintain a better environment for political dissidents that "home rule." 
UKIP founder & MEP Nigel Farage to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at the European Parliament:Facebook was instrumental in helping Brexit pass & Donald Trump get elected, but now had changed its algorithms to restrict conservative content.via @cnsnews 
Please do everything you can to get people you know out to vote - this referendum could be very close and every vote counts.#8thref #voteyesPoll: Have you voted yet? ·  
Hope he told you that the BBC’s coverage of Brexit was anything but  
Very important that Europe knows this!!! New images emerge of the police repression of the Catalan referendum via @Elnacionalcaten 
When I 1st began working on abortion in Ireland through the She is #NotACriminal campaign with @amnesty, none of us thought a referendum would come this soon. But here it is. I pray that a historic vote will deliver a historic result. It’s time to #repealthe8th #TogetherforYes 
Brexit: New Zealand Willing to Forgive Britain for ‘Betraying’ Commonwealth to Enter the EU   
Millions of us have many very strong objections to Brexit. One of them is:  thoughtlessly threatening our membership in projects like Galileo (then bawling like a spoiled child about it as if it’s *their* fault).  
Michael Portillo:Govt allowed Irish issue to dominate Brexit"This suits British civil service, who never wanted to #Leave EU in the first place, it suits EU & it suits the Irish.I also think it is now beginning to suit the Prime Minister!"#Brexit #EU 
I hope the #hometoveote hashtag has inspired young people that voting is a precious thing, and that they absolutely must make the effort if their voice is to be heard... reference the #Brexit referendum. 
What are we all going to talk about when the Brexit is dead? 
May is doing everything she can to keep Britain trapped in the EU despite the referendum result and pre referendum government promises.Is this statement TRUE or FALSE.  Please vote and please retweet. 
Niall Horan, Hozier, Bastille & more encourage votes on Irish abortion referendum  
A paper that punts a pro-life article like this, y’know, for balance, *on the day* of the referendum, but lambasts anyone questioning the official narratives on Russia & Syria, has a shhhhhakey claim to being the standard bearer for progressive, liberal UK journalism.  
This is why us supporting #Brexit must keep the faith. Message sent to me from a #Remainer 'Can you imagine being so thick you're still cheerleading brexit after all we know now? You wonder if there's some kind of mental impairment' #BrexitBritainsBestYearsLayAhead 
It’s unforgivable how Owen Jones has galvanised a generation of young people to be politically active then he reinvents the past about Corbyn’s pro Brexit beliefs. Now he is lying about moderate LP MPs and their opposition to section 28 to support Corbyn. Disgusting  
A million Labour supporters who voted Leave are having second thoughts. Especially young Labour voters. Added to this, new youth hitting voting age are very anti-Brexit.You don’t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows. 
So if you have been moved by the incredible campaign to #Repealthe8th in Ireland but like me, feel angry & devastated by the situation in N Ireland (there’s no such referendum happening there) then you can start by signing this petition #trustwomen 
Wow 0.1% growth & @BBC not reporting it!Is @PhilipHammondUK leading the UK into a Brexit recession or will it be a Brexit depression?The Eurozone charges on.Brexit is dumber than Trump.  
The UK has dropped from the top of the G7 to the bottom & is hovering just above recession at 0.1% growth. #DespiteBrexitThis has nothing to do with #Brexit, of course. All the blame must be placed on couple of days of snow. The wrong type of leaf will be blamed post-Brexit.  
The State wouldn't exist without its Constitution - so every referendum to amend it, is a vote on whether to amend the State itself. It's a rare and quite awesome power for citizens to have - don't take it for granted. Vote. Own your nation. #8thRef 
Irish men and women from all over the world fly home to vote in Ireland's abortion referendum.  
A new 33' video released today with unseen images of Spanish occupation forces brutality in a voting station during #Catalonia's independence referendum last October. Europe, open your eyes☞ 
If you voted no, please be aware that I have no interest in being friends with you. Don’t try and be my friend after the referendum, I’ll always remember how you voted to deny women our rights to safe legal healthcare. 
Thank you for understanding, Peter. Friends, this is Peter. Peter is the German government’s Brexit co-ordinator. Peter is a proper politician - smart, knowledgeable, personable, witty. Peter makes me hopeful. Thanks, Peter  
."Now is the time to pile on the pressure, to be vocal, and to encourage the hundreds of thousands feeling a creeping sense of unease about the direction in which Brexit is going to speak their minds.". 
Weak household spending and poor levels of business investment have dragged the UK economy to the worst quarter since 2012. The service sector is propping up Britain. It will be the hardest hit by Brexit... What are we doing? #StopBrexit 
Instead of independence lets send more Labour MP's to Westminster and enoble them later. That worked so well in the 1980s when Thatcher shut down 250k thousand manufacturing jobs and brought in the Poll-tax. St Jeremy doing so well opposing Brexit 
Amongst other things, I’d wish that some male theologians opining today about Irish referendum might also talk about why Christian theology failed to protect women and children from systemic abuses there 
Came to Port of Holyhead today to discuss Brexit impact here in North Wales with all concerned. There is no substitute for visiting. Thanks @AlbertOwenMP for setting up. 
The Department of Taoiseach has just released a long delayed batch of records a large number of journalists had requested under FoI on the SCU advertorial controversy ... on a Friday evening ... on the day of the abortion referendum 
Take a stand against Brexit! @SODEMAction needs a good presence of anti Brexit peeps outside Parliament on Mon 11 June, inside MPs will be debating option to Remain in EU. On 12th Farage/Banks are appearing before committee & outside we’re highlighting Leave Campaign lies  
This is actually indescribable. I’m afraid England is done. Damn shame great people. Had a chance with Brexit but the elites foot dragging ??? This is one ballsy guy. True patriot. 
EU says #Brexit talks going nowhere - are we really surprised? This government is out of touch, out of ideas and out of time #FBPE 
Dear @bexin2d - Because we cannot exist in echo chambers.  We need to reach out to those that do not agree with us and show them that understanding, humanity - and humour, binds us all together.  That is particularly true with Brexit.  
."The UK government has failed in its duty to level with the public about the scale of compromise & costs involved in Brexit, as indeed has the Labour party."#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
I found THE best Banana Bread recipe! I used @ICBInotbutter and it was so moist and tasted amazing! Without adding on all the extra calories, it's the best of both worlds! My kids ate this whole loaf in about 2 seconds  #sponsored #SpreadNoDrama  
I need to take some down time from fucking the fuck out of fucking Brexit.There is a bottle of wine with my name on it. Fucking the fuck out of fucking Brexit will fucking return fucking shortly. #NationalWineDay 
Sorry, Britain. Europe is ready to move on from Brexit  
Damian Collins has attacked Facebook’s failure to police ads on #8thref after @openDemocracy was able to pay for referendum ads outside Ireland to target Irish voters. My @IrishTimes report 
Mural of Savita Halappanavar erected as Ireland votes in abortion referendum  
Any non delivery of a real Brexit will kill the tory government. A democratic nation expects the result of a referendum to be delivered. If not, then the political system is not fit for purpose. This has huge implications on the future public engagement with politics.  
We have a prime minister who can't even bring herself to say that she believes in #Brexit. 
Worth remembering this is a person who admitted the Brexit vote was too difficult to decide on, so she just didn’t vote More pathetic soundbites   
UK economy posts worst quarterly GDP figures for five years amid Brexit uncertainty.Meanwhile, the EU27 economy is booming.Brexit is putting jobs, growth and public services at risk. #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Brexit was voted for by the people of Britain because it affects people of Britain. Scottish Independence Referendum was voted by Scottish people because it affects Scots. So, why isn't this referendum solely for Irish women because this ONLY affects them? #repealtheeigth 
If Brexit is proving more difficult than people thought that is all the more reason to do it. Wise UK electorate has directed the Govt to restore soverenty, liberty & democracy. Our EU "partners" have shown their true colours since Brexit vote. Again more reason to leave.  
Harris, the author of the Abortion Bill and the Minister for Mismanagement of the Health Service says this referendum is about health care. Health care saves lives. Abortion ends lives. Abortion is not health care. #VoteNoToAbortion 
Is it just me or is May's government creating chaos and economic meltdown in Britain in order to derail #Brexit  ? People from all over the place are telling me about a break down of  law and order, rocketing crime, dramatic fall of living standards and  growing racial tensions. 
Does anyone remember the RTE results show for the 1983 referendum? Michael D was getting increasingly agitated and at 6pm John Bowman turned to camera and said "now we break to go to the Angelus". A lone voice could be distinctly heard: "well that's very fecking appropriate..." 
The  UK  Treasury says  Brexit  will  make  the  UK  “permanently  poorer”.    This  is  not  a controversial  claim, it  is  a  widespread  consensus  among  economists, that  leaving  the  EU  will  damage  UK  economic  growth,  productivity  &  job creation. #GrowthCommission 
“Realism is needed” says Barnier on Brexit negotiation  
One of my absolute favorites.  Also... *takes a breath* Powerful metaphor for the Brexit debacle...  
Great to be in Lisbon meeting w/ President @marcelorebelo_, Prime Minister @antoniocostapm and FM Santos Silva. Time is running short. Need to finalise the Withdrawal Agreement w/ an agreed backstop for Ireland/Northern Ireland. Realism is needed on future relationship. #Brexit  
The Irish Times will publish a referendum exit poll later this evening. The exit poll is being conducted by Ipsos/MRBI among 4,000 respondents at 160 polling stations in every constituency. RT? 
Today, countless women around the world have flown home to Ireland to vote on a referendum and ensure that no person in that country should ever lack reproductive rights and access to abortion care. May it always be said that women are goddamn amazing.#HomeToVote #repealthe8th 
Brexit: New polling analysis reveals that a second referendum would swing to #Remain.A marked shift has emerged. And one million Labour voters who backed Brexit would now vote to stay in the EU.MPs need to #StopBrexit and hold a #PeoplesVote to #Remain 
Will @jeremycorbyn get behind the Lib Dem amendment to give the public the final say on the Brexit deal? We can #ExitfromBrexit but Corbyn and Labour leadership need to stand up to the Tories.Join our campaign today to Exit from Brexit:  
This is precisely why Brexiteers will not never allow a second final say Referendum sadly. One vote, once and never again is their view as long as they've achieved their result even by a narrow majority on a pack of lies and false promises.  
Where can I read the Brexit Growth Report? 
Leave it to Niall to tweet so vaguely his fans can’t tell whether he supports the referendum or not.Well played (but pathetic).  
Important new polling data by @PeterKellner1 shows a million people have changed their minds about #Brexit - and would now vote to Remain. Hope the @UKLabour leadership takes note.  via @prospect_uk 
On MPs voting for Brexit: "I don’t think the government, or opposition, should make any assumptions that they can three-line-whip their MPs to keep on doing that indefinitely."  
My bit on the week in Brexit  
Delingpole: Time Is Nearly up for Britain’s Useless, Anti-Brexit Prime Minister   
New polling analysis shows big swing from Leave to Remain across almost all demographic groups.People have changed their minds.This is why the #Brexit fanatics & the right-wing media backing them will fight tooth & nail to prevent a #PeoplesVote. 
I thank the EU for making Brexit so unnecessarily unpleasant:> Irish Border> Divorce Bill> Fishing> Galileo> Trade> Migration> EU citizen status> Attempts to stop us leaving> Blackmail, threats & insultsIt has confirmed 100% that Brexit is the right thing for Britain. 
REMINDER: this was the Divorce Referendum in 1995 when me & my asshole friends stopped canvassing & reminding people to vote because we thought it was in the bag. It barely squeaked in. If you have one, PLEASE use it. We need EVERY VOTE #Together4Yes pic.twitter.com/CvqzOGfFpv 
Asked a Love Both campaigner what he voted in the gay marriage referendum, & he replied “obviously no” & I asked why & he replied “they’re changing Jesus’ laws to suit themselves” so I then asked “so, you love both, until they’re born and gay?”Never seen someone so lost for words 
"The Irish abortion referendum will determine whether women in the country will continue to be shamed and coerced if they don’t want to carry their pregnancies to term," Margaret Talbot writes.   
It's becoming clearer and clearer that Jeremy Corbyn's support for Brexit will not only cause significant damage to working class communities but will also hurt Labour's electoral prospects.  
Another crazy #Brexit week! Bozo wants a new jet but his blue passport & leaving without a deal means he won't be able to fly it! The yearly cost of Brexit per household is 15 times the cost of EU membership & STILL no money for the #NHS! Time for a rethink? #FridayWisdom #SODEM 
It is fine that some people are talking about what they don’t agree with in #GrowthCommission report as well as what they do, because that means debate is focused on how to build a better country - which is so much more constructive than despairing about Brexit and Westminster. 
This is a fair and important point. However much any of us agree or disagree with any policy that comes out of the #GrowthCommission discussions, the fact that we /have/ them to discuss puts us worlds away from Brexit.  
BREXIT: New polling analysis reveals that a second referendum would swing to Remain / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"How can we trust the nationalists ever again", asks Gordon from Glasgow.If you agree with Gordon then please sign up and join the majority against another unwanted and divisive referendum:  
And minor sidenote to my previous tweets about Ireland's referendum -- I get qs from folks about a thing that happened in THE STONE SKY. Spoiler in the followup tweets... 
WATCH: Lord Kerr, architect of Article 50, throws his support behind a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit. As it becomes clear the Brexit we were promised cannot be delivered, it's only right we have a #PeoplesVote 
Today Ireland is voting in a monumental referendum on the eighth amendment. Over the past three weeks, our Ireland Unfree series has been telling the stories of Irish people’s bold fight for abortion rights and autonomy. Look back at the articles here #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
#IVotedNo Leaving the referendum pressure cooker for weekend having voted no. Suddenly struck me on the way to airport that no yes posters have any pictures of babies, children or fathers. I voted no, for all lives together. 
Irish women who couldn't afford to fly home for the abortion referendum are having thousands of pounds for plane tickets donated by total strangers #hometovote 
After two years of uncertainty across all walks of life in the UK - of course #Brexit is the cause and Brexit politicians must be held responsible, it’s time for all MPs to wake up and smell the coffee.    
Brexit deal could unleash 'boom in investment', says Mark Carney  
Q: How can Scotland's productivity levels be brought closer to those of comparable countries? A: Scotland voted decisively in 2014 to remain part of the UK. That decision should be respected.  The public do not want another divisive independence referendum. 
Since 1789, 229 years ago, the American constitution has been amended 27 times.If today’s referendum passes, Ireland will have amended its constitution 36 times in 80 years.We just fuckin love to amend that motherfucker. 
very encouraging news - tech industry groups come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote at the end of the #Brexit process @peoplesvote 
Here in the County Mayo sunshine my wife Delia just turned to me & said "Waiting for this referendum result is the same feeling as waiting for a baby to be born". 
Steve Bannon - "I don't think there's any doubt that the UK will get a trade deal with the US, and get a trade deal which that's a fair trade deal between two partners." #Brexit  
Registration for Autumn Conference is open! Sign up today to help shape your party, meet fellow Lib Dems and stand up to Brexit! 
A terrible truth is dawning on the British political establishment over Northern Ireland and Brexit. No solution on offer is both politically acceptable and practically workable, writes @QuentinPeel 
Pray for the referendum in Ireland today.- That abortion is defeated.- Innocent life is protected.- That God's law is upheld.- Natural law prevails.- That the enemies of Christ are defeated.- May God's Angels intervene.  
What an actual ManUtd fan looks like.None of this Hipster FC and Brexit nonsense.  
#SOROS - Backed Activists Being Trained to ‘Ruthlessly’ Target MPs to Pressure Them to Reject Brexit!         #fo2eu 
Thanks for challenging them Nicola. There will be many contradictory headlines for a wee while and then the reality will set in. Brexit Britain v Scottish Independence. I know where the gloom lies and it isn't with the freedom of independence  
Summary:1. Brexit was always a fantasy.2. After all, self-government is so, well, passé.3. And who wants democracy, anyway?4. Look at all the trouble the plebs caused us by voting the wrong way in the referendum.5. Talk about upsetting Our Gravy Train!6. That's all, folks!  
Ignore next month's vote in Switzerland at your peril. Here's why the Vollgeld referendum could have Brexit style ramifications 
Seen this @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer - a million Labour Leavers having second thoughts. — New polling analysis reveals that a second referendum would swing to Remain  via @prospect_uk 
CLAIM: Soros-Backed Activists Being Trained to ‘Ruthlessly’ Target MPs to Pressure Them to Reject Brexit  
One million #Labour voters who backed #Brexit two years ago are having second thoughts:    via @prospect_uk 
I have no respect for Irish “influencers” who’ve made no input on the referendum and that’s the tea 
Orange Order member goes against institution and calls for Yes vote in referendum #8thref 
Theresa May wants Britain to remain part of the European Arrest Warrant system. But this is an illiberal authoritarian system which has caused huge injustices to British citizens. Getting out of it would, by itself, justify Brexit. 
In contrast to the US, where men have tended to dominate the abortion issue, many men in Ireland's abortion referendum are seeing the issue as a woman’s matter and are tending to hang back  
Great analysis of #Brexit and the Media: summary "the EU debate and vote was not one about democracy, but one about who controls and disseminates the information."  
Lib Dems have secured an amendment on the EU Withdrawal Bill calling for the public to have the final say on the Brexit deal. This is a real opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit. Will your MP give YOU the final say on Brexit?  
Ireland’s vote on abortion Is a referendum on the nation’s future, it will determine whether Irish women will continue to be shamed and coerced if they don’t want to carry their pregnancies to term. 
The Government needs to stop beating around the bush in Brussels. It’s obvious that @theresa_may needs to move on from her fantasy of a hard #Brexit and accept that it would be economic anarchy. 
"Come on Divorce Referendum, COME ON DIVORCE REFERENDUM!"#RepealThe8th #VoteYes #TogetherForYes 
We gave the Government clear instructions to leave the EU in our referendum. Why then did Theresa May include remainers in her Brexit War Cabinet? The job should have been done by those who believe in a Brexit Britain. She has failed!  
One million Labour voters who backed Leave in the #Brexit referendum are having second thoughts. Exclusive analysis of 23,000 respondents polled by YouGov in my latest blog for @prospect_uk 
SCOTLAND IN UNION ARE URGING ITS SUPPORTERS TO RT A POST DEMANDING NO INDEPENDENCE REFERENDUM AS A SHOW OF SUPPORT AGAINST LETS #RT FOR A SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE REFERNDUM. TARGET 1000 BY MIDNIGHT #INDYREF2019 
Brexit is a mounting debacle - but unless we persuade Brexiters that the answer is to change Britain not     leave the EU, we will not stop it. Here is how ! Saving Britain: How We Must Change to Prosper in Europe Abacus  via @AmazonUK 
Note that Labour blames austerity, but not #Brexit for the poor economic performance. Labour is shamefully colluding with the Tories in pretending #Brexit isn't harming the economy. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
What is going on? Why the vile unionist rhetoric - because of an in depth report that will allow Scotland, my country to discuss a positive future? Smell the fear - all unionists where is the in depth report on Brexit? It's hidden because the consequences are awful 
Tory MP quits Government job to fight for Brexit  
If the SNP are telling us that Brexit will cause the pound to devalue quite substantially, why on earth would they want to tie an indy Scottish economy to it for 10 years?  
Girls what's next on our agenda because I don't remember what life is like not being political mobilised and motivated after marriage equality and this referendum 
"We’ll have more money to spend on our priorities."Gove & BoJo, May 2016"There will be no downside to Brexit."Davis, Oct 2016"Brexit is easy."Farage, Dec 2016"The cost of getting out would be virtually nil."BoJo, Mar 2016Things not quite turning out as promised....  
Michael Portillo - "It is the Government's duty to deliver #Brexit and apparently it’s the idea of the Lords and lots of people in the Conservative Party to frustrate that."Beware the wrath of the electorate if you do frustrate it."  
The Divorce Referendum was passed by less than 10,000 votes in 1995. That’s just one vote in every ballot box. We can’t take anything for granted, so make sure you cast your vote! #repealthe8th #IvotedYes #TogetherForYes #VoteYes 
CNN when someone is criticizing the US : ThEy aRE meDdLIng iNtO oUr eLeCTioNsCNN when US citizens travel overseas to influence a referendum and fight against women rights :  
The Daily Mail is shocked to discover another secret #FBPE plot to #StopBrexit...They’ve called out nationwide roadshows aimed at stopping Brexit - seems like an excellent idea.So please RT & chip in to help pro-EU group @BestForBritain’s crowdfunder: 
UK will 'go it alone' and build own satellite system after Brexit, says Chancellor  
'The irony that the referendum on abortion is being held on International Missing Children's Day will not be lost on many Irish people. Those on the margins of society suffer most from abortion. Vote No to Abortion on Demand.'- Peadar Toibin. VOTE NO today in Ireland!  
Voters are welcomed to Dublin Airport as they arrive to cast their ballot in Ireland's abortion referendum. #HomeToVote 
This is my MP (@BrineMinister ). Steve campaigned against Brexit; his constituency voted against Brexit; and his own government has concluded that Brexit will harm his constituents. Steve is part of the government now trying to implement Brexit. Steve, mate, what are you doing??  
This country is fooked every which fooking way...Tommy Robinson is jailed for reporting on rapists & grooming gang, a woman is arrested for saying "have a gay day" and fooking foreigners are trying to fook Brexit. What teh fook is going on. Who the fook is in charge #IamTommy 
As Ireland holds its historic abortion referendum, here's how trolls have been trying to manipulate the vote.  
Well this hasn't aged well....wonder how many of those who believed the hype have the spine to admit journalistic detritus has an awful lot to answer for? 
The story of this woman’s death is getting shared to show how important Ireland’s abortion referendum is   
Well, well, well.So folks....who is next to try and jump off the Brexit ghost train?  
When this referendum is over, regardless of the outcome, I think it's time for our government and law makers to turn their attention to our laws on euthanasia..It's time to start showing compassion to people who are being treated with less compassion than sick animals 
Attempts to silence the anti-Brexit movement will fail - our CEO, Eloise Todd explains why people power will overcome bullying and intimidation from the Daily Mail in @LeftFootFwd Donate to our crowdfunder here:  
During the Counter-Reformation communities would sometimes vote whether to commit themselves to Catholicism or Protestantism (Olivier Christin, “Putting Faith to the Ballot”). The Irish referendum is like that, but the other faith on the ballot is liberalism. 
#TogetherForYes : YES to Ireland abortion referendum ! #Femen supports Irish women against the conservative views of the roman catholic church ! Medieval laws have no place in our lives. The time of religious rule has gone, it’s women’s turn now! #TogetherForYes #repealthe8th 
Today is the day of a historic referendum in Ireland, a vote on whether to repeal the 8th Amendment, which is one of the most restrictive constitutional abortion bans in the world.  
Remain Committee led by a bully decide Big Ben will not bong for Brexit   
Dear cable news. Ireland is voting on the biggest referendum in history. Maybe report on that. #RepealTheEighth 
Seeing how recalcitrant EU has been in the #Brexit talks,the best thing the PM can do to restore trustwith the British people is to walk out of the talks,giving her huge popularity among voters.Or is May's real aim the destruction of the Tory party and British democracy?  
Low UK growth, even before Brexit happens, confirmed. By contrast today the #growthcommission sets out new economic case for optimism for Scotland 
Pro-EU supporters are being trained to 'ruthlessly target MPs in a series of nationwide roadshows aimed at stopping Brexit' 
The Irish referendum and Weinstein in the dock. One of womankind's good days. 
Irish citizens journeyed from all over the world to vote on today’s abortion referendum. One Irish woman who flew #HomeToVote explains why. 
Second vote to stop Brexit is credible, says Article 50 author  
Fair play to all you sound people who gave up their free time to campaign for yes. You've all done a great job and it feels amazing to be a part of this feeling of upcoming change. I'm gonna go a bit quiet on the referendum until tomorrow but you are all lovely x 
Usually I only start muttering ‘Come on Ireland!’ When they are playing England in the rugby, but today I’m thinking of all the women of Ireland and crossing my fingers for the referendum result!  #RepealTheEighth #together4Yes 
I was genuinely mystified. Didn’t meet a single international journalist who thought the Referendum was anything other than a triumphant celebration of democracy. Huge engagement by the young. 
I agree with Patrick. May is failing massively. If the Tory party wants a future, it should act to replace her with someone who really believes in, and who is prepared to deliver, Brexit. Someone too who won't be pushed around by renegade civil servants.  
Ireland's abortion referendum: It's time to say 'yes'  — #AJOpinion, by @gOzlemm #repealthe8th 
'Forget Brexit, we need to start talking about the real issue blighting our nation – potholes' 
'Who reads the papers?' #YesPrimeMinister #Brexit  
The EU's right to say Britain is 'chasing a fantasy'. That's all Brexit ever was  
Pls RT EU Boycott poll.In protest at EU bullying would you support a month of organised Brexit action to boycott EU imports? For example, in June, you would be asked not to buy A Mercedes car, French wine, Spanish holiday or Italian pasta. 
If you want to be genuinely moved, check out the #HomeToVote hashtag as people head home to Ireland to vote in the historic abortion referendum  
The fact that there is a referendum about whether women should have the right to terminate a pregnancy, with people who aren't women voting on behalf of them, is just... I just hope the people of Ireland do the right thing. 
Ken Clarke: 'On Brexit, the weaker MPs are terrified of the right-wing press and of their constituency associations, be they right-wing Tory associations or Momentum-dominated Labour ones.'  
I never expected to be a protestor. I trusted my country to run itself sensibly.On 23rd June I will join many others to demonstrate in favour of a Peoples Vote so we can all decide our future based on what we have learned about Brexit.  Will you be there too?#PeoplesVote 
Niall Horan leads Irish stars backing #RepealThe8th campaign on day of referendum  
I will be there with my EU family. Hope many of my London pro European constituents will also be there with us to send a strong message to government against hard Brexit. Hope a few like minded courageous Remain Conservatives will join us too.  
Did you know Westminster will bill Scotland  for the cost of a £10bn Brexit we didn't vote for  
What’s your vision for Scotland @RuthDavidsonMSP? How do we ensure every Scot has a house, job and future post Brexit? Would like to hear about your policies. Your only policy so far is telling us we need the status quo.  
The Irish are coming from all over the world to vote in their referendum but British Citizens were not allowed to vote in the U.K. referendum if they had been out of the country 15 yrs despite being promised they would be allowed to. THIS IS WHY THE REFERENDUM WAS NOT DEMOCRATIC 
Nope it was in the @theSNP manifesto that should there be a material change in circumstance such as Brexit there would be a mandate for #indyref2 The Party was re-elected on that manifesto. Holyrood endorsed it in an all party vote. That’s democracy. 
So not only are @thesnp completely ignoring the result of the independence referendum, they’re proposing 10 years of Sterlingisation.Which means we’d be ineligible for EU membership for at least 10 years.Let that sink in, nationalist mugs. 
This week marks 20 years since the Good Friday Agreement referendum. Yesterday, I spoke at Queen’s University, Belfast, about the need to revive the spirit of the Agreement and prevent the return to a hard border, to protect peace and ensure prosperity for the many not the few.  
The man who wrote Article 50 confirmed today that it can be revoked. If you are one of the 73% of #Labour supporters who think #Brexit was a mistake, there is still time to change party policy and the direction of the country. Join us:  
So @theSNP have set out why Scotland should be indy and a vision for achieving it. So looking forward to Monday when @scottishlabour @ScotTories and other unionists will set out their vision and plans for post #Brexit Scotland within UK.#GrowthCommission 
We warned you. It's either Brexit or the NHS. 
Don't get too stressed out by the referendum. Take a break and watch some puppies instead.We're hanging out with these six-week-old Jack Russell Terrier crosses in the @DogsTrust_IE re-homing centre. 
 T The EU's double standards really are a problem. We're told ad nauseam to live with the consequences of Brexit. But when we tell them to live with the (financial) consequences of our being forced out of Galileo, they scream blue murder. 
Petition to request a referendum to abolish the H of Lords, now stands in 3rd place (167143) for most supported open petitions. People are still signing. It's closing in on number 2 fast. Please join them. 
I think I just saw my favourite referendum argument comeback on Facebook  
More than 10,000 joined us in 2015 to call for a referendum on the 8th Amendment - finally that day is here today:  
To put #Ireland's abortion referendum in context: No one under the age of 53 has had the chance to vote on this issue. That's why thousands of young Irish voters are fighting tooth and nail to ensure they can get home to vote. #ItsTime to #Repealthe8th!  
Brexit really is about an older generation of Tory bellends who still think Germany are our enemies.  
Conservative MP @Anna_Soubry will be marching with us on June 23rd to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal - leading politicians like her know that the only democratic option is to give a voice to the 65 million people who Brexit will affect:  
Niall Horan leads Irish stars backing #RepealThe8th campaign on day of referendum  
One polling station in Carlow town said they had almost twice the amount of voters by lunchtime today compared to the Marriage Equality Referendum with all age groups turning out to vote. 
Justice Secretary, David Gauke, has said prisoners could be used to plug post-Brexit workforce gap.I have a Lithuanian friend, a cardio-thoracic surgeon, who is leaving because of Brexit.Any chance HMP could find a reformed rapist or drug dealer who’s good with a knife? 
#UK : Theresa May accused of 'piss poor politics' after major Brexit vote delayed. May is not a british PM it would seem shes a brussels puppet.   Get out may if you cant do the job let mogg in now!            #fo2eu 
Thirty years ago, I was one of a group of student activists pursued in the Irish courts for sharing addresses of abortion clinics in Britain. Back then it was hard to imagine Ireland having the confidence to confront its contradictions in a free and open referendum on abortion 
Irish women are going #hometovote in the landmark referendum to repeal abortion ban   tap the hashtag and scroll if you want a good morning cry   
Irish people living abroad return home to vote in abortion referendum – video  
It's devastating to think that in this life-or-death referendum the Catholic hierarchy in Ireland had to stay silent because its image is so tainted that their voice might actually have harmed the pro-life vote. Sinful, absent, immoral, useless, shameful Irish hierarchy.  
You couldn’t actually fit the amount of money Brexit is now costing us on to the side of any bus   
Im so emotionally invested in this referendum I honestly don't know what I'll do if it doesn't pass 
I am begging the Brits to stop comparing this to Brexit. Would ask them to wind their necks in but that didn't work for 800 years so 
Hammond warns the EU over Galileo, saying... 'Britain is more than capable of building its own satellite'  . #EU #Brexit #Galileo 
In fairness, if you are single and looking for a man, asking ‘How did you vote in the referendum on the 8th?’ will cut out a LOT of bullshit. 
#Remainers..#RemainerNow Waverers & DKs.DON'T BE FOOLED BY 'TRANSITION'IT'S #BREXIT..This #BrexitShambles must be stopped B4 29/03/19.#FinalSay #FinalsayForAll #PeoplesVote.Binary & Binding#StopBrexit option#Reject #Revoke #Remain #Reform#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The EU's right to say Britain is 'chasing a fantasy'. That's all Brexit ever was | David Shariatmadari  
YESTERDAY: Plot to subvert Brexit exposed!It’s a really secret plot, and we have done a lot of proper investigative reporting about it. For example, did you know all the details of the secret plot are available to view on their website, ?Those rotters. 
Beautiful morning to vote in this most important referendum. Vote YES Trust Women #táformná @Dundalk4Choice @Together4yes 
A historic referendum in Ireland today could relax that country's strict anti-abortion laws. @JonVigliotti is in Dublin, where Irish citizens from all over the world have arrived to vote  
Niall Horan calls for Ireland to 'do right by the great women of our nation' in abortion referendum  
A Leaver writes: politicians have ruined my BrexitLoved this pisstake of leading Brexit sociopath Dominic Cummings 
Ireland has the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe — but today they will be put to a referendum.  
Being a Northern Irish woman during this #referendum is like not being invited to this amazingly cool party that your best friend got invited to. You’re so super happy for your best friend but your heart is a little bit broken that you were left out and forgotten about  
"It seems Brussels is prepared to endanger millions of lives to teach Brexit Britain a lesson"  
UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns  
I’ve often been critical of Govt’s approach to Brexit.  On #Galileo,  EU handling has been lamentable. Brits have been major supplier, incl most sensitive parts.  EU now camping on legalistic posn, when pragmatic outcome shd have been possible. Now it risks polluting defence coop 
I support legalization. #voteforapproval Milwaukee County Board approves marijuana legalization referendum on November election ballot 
Irish voters could repeal the nation's near-total ban on abortion on Friday, but the polls are much closer than in the same-sex marriage referendum in 2015.  
Feeling emotional about the Irish referendum? Nervous because I can’t vote myself? Wondering if it’s my place to say anything, not being Irish? Unconditionally standing in solidarity with the AMAZING WOMEN who are making this happen?  #Repealthe8th 
Is the tide turning on Brexit? Mandelson is right when he says that only the public can settle the coming crisis. A 2nd ref once looked impossible & now, according to Richard Corbett, ‘demand is growing’. Enough pressure may force a #PeoplesVote. 
As it turns out, I’m anchoring the news today when the two top headlines are strong @_51percent stories. Join me at 14:00 Paris time (12:00 GMT) for our live coverage of the Irish abortion referendum and the Harvey Weinstein affair on @France24_en 
At some point soon the debate needs to shift towards: Why should Scotland stay in a post-Brexit UK? I’d like to hear @ScotTories & @scottishlabour explain the benefits of a post-Brexit Union for Scotland as an alternative to #Indy 
Five times Brexit proved more difficult than Leave campaigners claimed. More evidence of why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. The politicians are making a mess of it, so let the people decide. 
Yet another must-read from @chrisgreybrexit, who is surely now the one Brexit blogger that everyone should be following. Editors at the BBC should not be allowed near a studio until they can prove they've read all Chris's posts.  
Just voted in the most important referendum of our lifetime : to defend the right of the unborn to live. #voteno #Ivotedno #the8th 
Nuns vote in Ireland's abortion referendum at a polling station in a Muslim school in south Dublin. Snapshot of a changing Ireland #RepealThe8th 
This is what #REMAINERS & #TRAITORS want > #OpenBorders, #Population explosion! > Pay Billions to the #EU for the benefit of other countries! > Lower average #wages! > Direct #Government by #Brussels! > To dismantle #British #Culture, #Religion, #Values, #Nationhood! #BBC #BREXIT  
3) But it won't fly. So ministers blame the EU. It would seem that the UK wants to shift responsibility of its own decisions, and of the consequences of Brexit, onto the EU 
"Just as an earthquake causes the most damage at the epicenter, the inevitable problems springing from a departure are, above all, the leaver’s." An outsider @FerdiGiugliano with wise words about Brexit and Europe  
Everyone standing today with the women of Ireland as we hope for yes vote in #Repeal8th referendum I salute you. And I hope you continue to stand with us tomorrow when we make sure the women of Northern Ireland are not left behind when it comes to reproductive rights #trustwomen 
There are bigger points here, which seem to cut across UK position & proposals:1) UK seems to have realised there are gaps between EU membership and third country status. The problem is that these gaps are called Brexit. And they've been defined by Theresa May’s red lines 
Everything you need to know about Ireland's abortion referendum  #repealthe8th 
Some thoughts on the state of Brexit talks:On NI border: latest UK proposal (CRAP) won’t work.Other pending issues (governance) have yet to be agreed. On others, UK doesn’t yet have a position. On the future relationship, the UK seems to not accept that “Brexit means Brexit” 
Ireland votes in 'once-in-a-generation' abortion referendum  via @ReutersTV 
SNP has claimed Brexit has caused exodus of EU Nationals from Scotland. Official stats show they INCREASED by 26,000 last year to 235,000. Was SNP lying? 
"You were there for us, we are gonna be here for you, sisters" - lovely piece about how the LGBT community is showing solidarity to push through the yes vote in the Ireland abortion referendum after their own successful campaign for marriage equality  
Today is the day of the referendum here in Ireland, I AM SO NERVOUS. I hope the people of Ireland make the right decision today, let’s have trust in the women of Ireland  #RepealThe8th #prochoice #TogetherForYes 
Everyone in Ireland.Today is the day to get your voice heard. Let’s support Irish women in their right to have choice over THEIR OWN bodies. This referendum is not about if you agree with abortion it’s about wether you support a women’s choice to decide. #Repealthe8th 
Irish abortion referendum voting intention:Yes (#repealthe8th): 58%No (#savethe8th): 42%Excl. undecideds. via @REDCResearchSurveyed 10 - 16 May 
I could not be prouder of the campaign the @Labour Party has run in this referendum. Clear, honest, compassionate, & standing with women always.Particularly proud to share a party with @ivanabacik & @JanOSullivanTD . Indomitable and inspiring women who never gave up. 
A mistake from the beginning. An EU agenda instead of a British agenda. Portillo says Government 'has allowed' the EU and UK civil servants to DICTATE Brexit  
In the post-Brexit wasteland,  where marauding mobs lay waste to cities as they seek doctors, nurses, dentists, plumbers, builders, teachers and people who know how to farm, state tannoys will scream: "UK GDP IS ONLY AFFECTED BY SNOW! BREXIT IS GOING WELL!"  
You run a Brexit newspaper. What do you do when your star columnist decides Brexit is a disaster? You try to switch him to a countryside column.  
WATCH: Brexiteer rubbishes Remoaner claims people didn't understand what referendum vote meant."I certainly knew what I was voting for – and that was a country that was in control of itself." 
Theresa May: Dave. People are worried about how Brexit is going to shaft whole industries like care work and the NHS. Find some way to reassure them. Just don't sound desperate.David Gauke, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain: i gotchu fam  
I’m on this flight! Reporters please @ me for my Ryanair sabotage referendum to keep daily abortion flight dollar dollar coming in conspiracy theory.  
More people are coming out in support of a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. This time? Lord John Kerr, the architect behind Article 50. 
If we're to have our own satellite post brexit, can it be Thunderbird 5 and can we permanently station @BorisJohnson in it? 
As Ireland goes #hometovote to #RepealThe8th today, please remember Savita Halappanavar who died of sepsis after being denied an abortion for a pregnancy even after doctors said miscarriage was inevitable. Her death was a catalyst for this referendum. She was 31.  
"I knew what I was voting for, and that was a country in control of itself." The #BBCQT audience always tends to talk more sense than the majority on the panel!  @Conservatives #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty #BREXIT 
Anti-Brexit 'Renew' Party Gives Up After Three Months:  
For Michael Gove to suggest there isn’t any real support for a second independence referendum shows just how divorced from reality the Tories are on Scotland, says @TasminaSheikh.via @ScotNational 
I think ... I think maybe the 'repayment for historical damages done' line is not a hole the UK wants to go down post-Brexit, having variously invaded, dominated, pillaged, or enslaved a large portion of the globe in the course of 400+ years.  
Unbelievable that @theresa_may is creating 10 Conservative peers in order to pack the Lords and make #Brexit easier to endorse. After being voted against 15 times, the PM’s position is more fragile than ever. #ExitfromBrexit 
The never-ending stupidity continues. We could have remained part of this. Instead we’ll end up building our own, slightly shittier version for more money. Right at a time when we’ll have less money. Peak Brexit.  
My job means I haven't been able to talk about the referendum in a personal capacity, which I have respected. Certain members of my family have been very vocal. My one hope today is that you will use your voice, your feet and your vote  
UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns - this is why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
Absolutely extraordinary amounts of money being raised on Facebook in a matter of minutes for people who last night/this morning realised they could make it home to vote in the Irish referendum but can’t afford last-minute flights.  
Voters in Ireland are casting their ballots in a landmark referendum to decide whether to remove a constitutional amendment that bans abortion in almost all circumstances  
RESIGN: Theresa May should quit because her handling of Brexit resembles a Greek tragedy, says major Tory donor Jeremy Hosking."We're 3-0 down and it is half time...and the plan is to wait until we're 6-0 down and hope for a miracle in injury time." 
Lord Kerr, author of Article 50 governing exit from the EU, lends his weight to the chorus of voices calling for a #PeoplesVote.#Brexit  
'The #GDPR embodies the worst of Brussels policy-making -- Brexit can't come soon enough', says Henry Jacobson  
Facebook and Google took steps to prevent foreign influence in Ireland’s abortion referendum on Friday. Here’s how those efforts are working out.  
New bus needed.“Screw the NHS, let’s put £10bn into satellites that’ll take years longer and have less capability than the ones we’ve already been working on. Because, er... Brexit.”   
It’s pissing me off seeing so many people almost trying to bully people into voting one way or another in the Irish referendum,cast your own vote and respect that others have the right to vote however they want, fuck off bullies. #Referendum2018  
"It’s about controlling your destiny."SNP politician John Nicolson explains why he wants independence for Scotland - but Carole Malone isn't buying the idea of another referendum at all.@MrJohnNicolson | @thecarolemalone | #wrightstuff 
As I've said many times before, my job precludes me from talking about anything related to the referendum at any time, save this.Make sure you vote.x 
Do you think that your future should be in YOUR hands, not those of MPs? @Anna_Soubry thinks so, even though she's an MP! That's why she will march for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal on June 23Pledge to march with us at . It's OUR turn to make history 
At the Taoiseach’s polling station in Castleknock they say turnout is at 14% already - ahead of where it was at the same time during the marriage referendum 
"We didn't elect Mark Zuckerberg to make decisions about how our referendum should be run," said one of the volunteers that uncovered suspicious ads coming from groups outside Ireland  
WELCOME HOME: A cheering throng greets arrivals at Dublin Airport as Irish men and women from around the world fly home to vote in Ireland's abortion referendum.  
Sending love and solidarity to our Irish sisters travelling and voting in the #repealthe8th referendum today - we support every woman's right to choose. @Womens_Aid Ireland sums up why it's important for women in abusive relationships:  #TogetherForYes 
fucking hideous that the Guardian styles itself as liberal/cosmopolitan then pushes this the day of the referendum for easy clicks  
Ireland was always going to make Brexit complicated, not least because Theresa May's objectives seem incompatible  
UK officials have warned the EU that its approach to Brexit negotiations risks damaging its security and economic relationship  
Tory Remainers screwing up Brexit to allow Lab Remainers to claim it cannot be done. I don't normally go for conspiracy theories but that one has a lot going for it. 
All sadly true: when we get Brexit in name only, Britain will be a democracy in name only. @spikedonline 
Question on ballot paper was unambiguousCampaigning exhaustive, lasting 6 monthsWe knew exactly what voting #Leave meantWe would retake control:OUR bordersOUR lawsOUR territorial watersOUR national destinyProject Fear did its worst & Failed#Brexit 
.@NicolaSturgeon surely the lesson from Brexit is that splitting from long standing partners is chaotic and damaging. Instead of compounding chaos of Brexit with chaos of independence focus on making our schools the best in the world again and better mental health services.  
What should we name our properly British, post-Brexit, non-foreign version of the Galileo satellite system? 
Leo Varadkar has urged Ireland to #repealthe8th in the abortion referendum today to remove the country’s “legacy of shame” over its treatment of women  
Ireland votes in 'once-in-a-generation' abortion referendum  
Another week of chaotic negotiations from the Tories.Theresa May is running out of time and bungling these talks. If you think the British people deserve the final say the Brexit deal, join our campaign: 
I doubt I will see a more persuasive argument today. Shitgibbons like this serve only to strengthen my resolve to see Brexit consigned to history as a national brainfart that almost brought my country to it's knees. pic.twitter.com/lrgpPVKQYJ 
It would actually be so much better if you were making sure that people got hospital appointments, schools had more teachers and homeless people were not sleeping on the street. That is the job of government not starting a debate about a divisive referendum.  
The “we care about women” line used by the No Campaign is one of the great referendum lies. If you care about women, you want them to have full health care and choice over what to do with their own bodies - even if you disagree. #TogetherForYes 
Feel so annoyed for all 16/17 year olds who just missed out on voting who will be affected by the outcome of this referendum 
Today’s excellent #growthcommission report will spark lots of debate, within and beyond @theSNP - and that’s great. So much better to be debating how we maximise our potential as a country than just focussing on how we limit the damage of Brexit. 
Ireland abortion referendum: close result expected in historic vote  
Time to get real about the EU, we've paid a billion for a new satelite system which we will not be able to use when we Brexit despite the fact the stations are in places owned by the UK , cheeky corrupt EU bullies. 
My airplane is full of women in Repeal jumpers home to vote. Our flights been delayed, then the plane got clipped &they’re making us switch planes.Ryanair is trying to OBSTRUCT this referendum because they don’t want to lose all those sweet sweet 8 women a day abortion flights.. 
This referendum is especially hard to call because it's impossible to know where the faultlines lie in society. Traditional categories don't apply.Case in point: the local woman who voted Yes before heading to early mass to pray for #repealthe8th 
so it’s slamming it down with rain and the mcdonald’s is closed down due to refurbishments i’m fucking fuming fuck brexit  
Mark CARNEY HAS THREATENED TO REDUCE INTEREST RATES & RESUME QE  IF THERE IS A "DISORDERLEY BREXIT"IT SEEMES HE HAS LEARNED NOTHING IN TWO YEARSTHIS ACTION TRASHED STERLING THEN, IT WILL AGAIN.HE REALLY MUST GO 
Police in Northern Ireland said this is one of their biggest Brexit concerns - currently no other means of extraditing a criminal from Ireland (or vice versa).  
I see May is continuing her betrayal. “Brexit Betrayal: Sources Confirm Appeaser Theresa Wants SECOND Transition to Stay in EU Customs Union”And STILL, Davies, Johnson & Gove haven't resigned and STILL we don't have the 48 letters at the 1922.Tory MPs are spineless cowards. 
After Brexit, we shall be free to sell five million cars a year to Vanuatu. 
BAFFLING: Theresa May accused of 'piss poor politics' after important Brexit vote is delayed, meaning Labour could have extra MP after Lewisham East by-election.“No10’s mismanagement of the parliamentary party is off the chart loopy.” 
2 Years down the drain.2 Years of vacillation, obfuscation, cowardice, sabotage & outright betrayal.And that's just from our OWN Govt!June 23, 2016, 17.4m people voted to #Leave #EUNo ifs, No buts.No Single MarketNo Customs UnionNo EU laws#Brexit 
So the @CommonsIntTrade visited Norway~Sweden Border this week, no doubt Irish Border & #Brexit in mind.3 big clues why this is not the answer:A - Requires physical Infra at BorderB - Queues of trafficC - Norway is in the EEA  
Ouch. ‘Disorderly’ Brexit may force Bank to print even more money, Mark Carney warns.This comes on top of his warning that Brexit has already cut household incomes by £900 and lowered growth by "up to 2%".Stop the chaos. #StopBrexit. #Remain in the EU. 
Why Leavers actually voted for Brexitvs Why Remainers thought Leavers voted for Brexit Source; CSI/Noah Carl et al.  
Googled Irish referendum. Every highlighted tweet on the page was in support of repealing the 8th. This bias thing is hitting me. @benshapiro @michaeljknowles @andrewklavan. 
This morning I have received 47 unwanted e-mails.They have all been sent to comply with new EU regulations to cut down on unwanted e-mails.Typical of the useless interfering meddling  Brussels Bastards. Perhaps they were pissed at the time?Viva Brexit! pic.twitter.com/TcMU60z7gW 
The post-Brexit opportunities of CANZUK are considerable – and should be especially attractive to young people  
These images by Paula Rego brought about a change in abortion laws in Portugal after the first referendum of 1998 was unsuccessful. Gritty, disturbing, brutal, they expose the pain women experienced during illegal abortions. Ireland 20 years on you have a vote #Irelandabortion 
The Irish diaspora are flocking #hometovote in the hope of swinging the historic abortion referendum 
#brexit Theresa Maybe can you grow a backbone and get on with Brexit please. Your never wanted to leave the EU still don’t want to leave. Your one hopeless  Prime Minster always sitting on the fence. Waving the white flag to EU all the time. You strong and  stable never.   
Lots of incoming fire from @UKLabour and #Momentum people this week, accusing #FBPE of being a Tory plot and anti-Corbyn. So, for the record, listen up:  a) I have never voted Tory and never will b) I will never vote Labour while Corbyn supports brexit. Clear? #StopBrexit Period. 
Give it a few days and @michaelgove will be citing the destruction of the car industry as a central plank of his green Brexit fantasy.  
After all the talk of the Dos and Don'ts while casting your ballot, a bloke just strolled into my local polling station eating a bowl of cereal. I feel like we need some advice on this for the next election or referendum. #8thref 
Just for clarity, every #Brexit supporting minister has been dead wrong on pretty much everythingHow can anyone with any sense still support Brexit?  
great intervention by the man behind #article50 Lord John Kerr - #Brexit is reversible - and the people should get their say @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
Britain is bring bullied, manipulated, misled and treated like fools by Politicians, Lords, Open Borders lobbyists, The EU, Ireland, Globalists and our historical enemies. Make sure they all know that Britain will not stand for a FAKE BREXIT.  
Brexiters claim to be non-elite. And they're right, what ordinary chap wouldn't have a nanny, ponce around in a top hat and have a wife who is going to inherit around £150m. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
TODAY vote yes for compassion, respect, equality and dignity in #Ireland. Embrace this once-in-a-generation opportunity. All info on the referendum, our @AmnestyIreland campaign and why this is such an important moment in history:  #ItsTime #repealthe8th 
When the EU talks about Ireland they say things like "Ireland first" and "if the UK's Brexit offer is unacceptable to Ireland it will be unacceptable to Europe"If only the British political parties spoke like that about Scotland. 
Bernard-Henri Lévy: 'There are no causes today that mobilise me as much as this one: to convince the English that Brexit would be an unimaginable regression of civilisation'  
Pls RT this all day long if you think it an utter and shameful disgrace that George Soros is being allowed to get away with interfering in Britain's Brexit.  
Brexit will drain us of sovereignty and economic prospects - and there lies its tragic irony  
The 4th reason seems the most important.#trade #brexit 
TODAY: We whip our increasingly paranoid readership into a Brexit frenzy by reminding them that they didn't wake up on 24th June 2016 to find all the Blacks, Poles, Romanians and Asians rounded up and loaded into lorries bound for the nearest ferry port.  
#APExplains: What to look for in Irish abortion referendum. By @Gregory_P_Katz. 
We don't want another independence referendum, we want a government that gets on with the day job.SHARE if you agree.  
Well there's lots of anti-Brexit stuff in the press today, but I thought I'd just tweet this instead :) :)  
Thank God for George Soros. A fight-back for rational thought & real democracy needs funding. Like all populist movements, Brexit is anti-intellectual & misuses terms like *elite* to disparage anyone with an independent brain, who threatens to expose their nonsense propaganda.  
Talking to my daughter this morning about the Irish referendum, and how important safe and legal abortion is for women's lives, health, and freedom.Her: "Well they will vote yes then won't they? Otherwise that is super harsh."Out of the mouths of 11 year olds #Repealthe8 
A #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal is a credible, argues Article 50 architect John KerrBrexit is not inevitable. Everybody needs to know this. Please RT: (£)  
It's the most important referendum in my lifetime. Make sure you don't spoil your vote. Bring ID, proof of address. It's an X not a tick. Make sure you vote. #8thref #TheChecklist 
Ruth is great! But she doesn't believe in Brexit. The country needs a leader who understands why we voted leave and what we voted for. Maybe even someone who played a leading role in the leave campaign   
Mr Cameron told us as a Remainer he wasn’t prepared to captain the Brexit ship but Mrs May said she was. And now it looks like she wasn’t. 
The denial of the franchise to British born British citizens living under EU Treaty rights in the EU and the granting of it to Commonwealth citizens living in the UK will be judged as one of the most unfair decisions in the whole Referendum debacle  
One of the many things I don't get about, #brexit is how brexiters manage to 1/ live in a manifestly deluded fantasy world 2/ be so angry bitter and unhappy. Surely living in a fantasy world should make you happy 
‘Britain must remain in a customs union to avoid devastating job losses’ Yawn!! More, boring, Project Fear predictions from employers, car makers & aerospace. Where’s their sense of adventure? #Brexit #LetsGoGlobal etc etc 
Ireland abortion referendum: Country votes on easing strict law  
PRINCIPLE: Conservative MP @andreajenkyns resigns from government to ‘fight for Brexit’. “I made a promise to my constituents during this Parliament to fight for Brexit and this is a promise that I intend to keep to the best of my abilities.”Bravo. 
A hugely impressive contribution to a debate not caused by, but made sharper and more urgent by, the #Brexit process and the damage it will - beyond doubt - do to Scotland . We can do better but #Brexit will make things worse.  
The BBC should understand that in the Brexit debate, phrases like “the cliff-edge scenario” are deeply biased and prejudicial. 
Everything crossed for today  Thinking of everyone who has suffered through the dehumanising effects of this referendum and the dehumanising effects of the abortion laws. Hoping for the best today & hoping it opens up the possibility of the same happening in Northern Ireland. 
Have voted - feeling emotional. The signs at our road gate are the last referendum signs my neighbours will see before they reach the polling station. #voteyes #farmersforyes 
The only thing that anyone can predict about this referendum is that it's going to be TIGHT. Lots of people were wearing Yes badges in Dublin yesterday, but people were nervous. Meanwhile, in conservative Roscommon, there's more Yes support than expected  
Referendum tummy, anyone? Me nerves are totally shot. 
“Chinese academic forced to leave Oxford as Home Office refuses temporary visa for her baby”.It’s not “global Britain” but rather post #brexit UK increasingly mean smaller place.What have we done?  
Polls have opened for Ireland's abortion referendum. Here's everything you need to know about what people are voting on, and why abortion is so illegal in Ireland  
390,000 EU migrants in UK without a jobThey make up a city the size of BristolWe are paying them £billions in benefits & this will continue AFTER #Brexit#EconomicMadness 
I remember when people berated the majority of Rwandans who voted yes at the referendum to have President Kagame stay on. Little did we know the Rwandese knew exactly what they were doing. Today we are all envious of what their President is determined to turn that country into 
"The Irish abortion referendum will determine whether women in the country will continue to be shamed and coerced if they don’t want to carry their pregnancies to term," Margaret Talbot writes.   
Today will be remembered as a testimony to the power of women, to their ability to keep telling their stories, and to never be silenced, regardless of the consequences, writes @GemmaMcSherry about today's referendum in #Ireland:  #Repealthe8th #8thAmendment 
The EU thinks the government is chasing a fantasy and is yet to come to terms with the fact that Brexit has inevitable consequences - our summary 
Mark Carney's new claim that voting for Brexit has made people £900 a year worse off could have come straight from the George Osborne playbook of referendum campaign deception. Leader in the new @spectator: 
#Brexit talks going badly wrong as “the UK thinks everything has to change on the EU’s side so that everything can stay the same for the UK.”! #BrexitReality not yet sunk in...   
Today, a historic referendum takes place in Ireland on whether to #repealthe8th and grant the right to a legal abortion.Don't miss this HWO article by Ann Rossiter of @speakofIMELDA on solidarity & activism on the road to reproductive rights in Ireland. 
#BBCQT audience bursts into laughter as Labour MP insists her party has been 'CONSISTENT' over Brexit 
Am I recalling a distant dream, or did we once hold all of the cards in the #Brexit negotiations?If we did, what did we do with them all?Who lost them or did they never exist?I thought we would have trade deals coming out of our ears by now?Especially the easiest 1 in history 
As a border, I am expected to be apolitical on issues which are non-bordery in nature, & I really try. I notice that today on the side of me on which there is the constitution of a republic there is voting  in a referendum. YES, there is. You should use your YES you should 
#GME | @VinnyMcAv is in Dublin as Irish voters have their say today in a 'once in a lifetime' abortion referendum  
Rojava women call for a Yes vote in tomorrows abortion referendum in Ireland. The graffiti in Irish reads 'No Freedom until Women's Freedom.'  
Anna Soubry - We have a #Brexit government & its own impact assessments say the best deal for our country is to retain membership of the SM & the CU.. this is about our country's economic future. The "max fac" option is going to cost business £20billion#StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcqt pic.twitter.com/ltN52UdgIp 
It’s almost 2 years since the EU referendum and still the government has no coherent Brexit strategy. And that’s because any Brexit deal is not as good as the current EU membership deal.    
Sorry, Britain. Europe is ready to move on from Brexit  
The second world war lasted less time than Theresa May's Brexit plans. GET THIS MORON OUT!!! 
Good luck to everyone voting in the referendum in Ireland today for women to take back control of their bodies. 
Meet The Irish People Who Have Travelled Home To Vote In The Abortion Referendum  via @laurafleur 
Brexit was a tragic mistake. That's why I support Best for Britain.  
You have to take your hat off to Coach Kerr. I wish a Premier League coach had spoken about Brexit like this... (Apologies if one did and I missed it)  
JOURNALIST Dominic Lawson has branded Theresa May’s Brexit negotiations a “disaster” after accusing the Prime Minister and the Chancellor Philip Hammond of being Remainers and having no faith in Brexit.  
Ireland decides. Voting is underway in Ireland's referendum on the Eighth Amendment - the constitutional ban on abortion. Polling stations remain open until 10pm. 
The British media are lying to you. | Scottish NHS ‘Brexit disaster’ warning pushed down news agenda by BBC Scotland  #Referendum2018 
BBC Question Time is an appalling programme. Tory Brexiteers have been allowed to take over the audience. Deliberate? It smacks of National Socialist tactics of yesteryear...and Brexit desperation. Avoid. @bbcquestiontime 
"Child benefit shouldn't be allowed to be claimed if child is not in the country."Most would agree with thatBut this craven tory Gov has agreed it will continue for evermore AFTER Brexit,for those EU citizens who are already here when we #Brexit#MadnessWill cost us billions. 
"Why is United Nations biased and play the devil on the red carpet?Why turn a blind eyes towards the killing of Biafrans and in pretence ignore our request for a just referendum?" Question from Justice Ike Yeshua to @UN @antonioguterres 
As I head to bed here in Los Angeles, I need to say GOOD MORNING IRELAND! Today's the day! Eagerly anticipating the result of the #8thAmendment referendum vote. Here's to supporting women & giving them the dignity of making their autonomous choices over their bodies & lives. 
Why thousands of Irish expats are flying home to vote in the historic abortion referendum  
In an article on Brexit @GeorginaDowner states "Britons never gave their consent to a political union with Europe". That is just a straight out lie. A referendum was held in 1975 with a 67% vote in favour of EU membership. What else is she willing to lie about? #auspol 
Today the Irish referendum on abortion takes place. Let’s offer the Rosary, praying that people will heed the promptings of the Holy Spirit within their hearts and decisively choose life. 
I marched against the Iraq war many times. Blair was catastrophically wrong over Iraq.However, he's totally correct over Brexit. Anyone disagreeing with him over Brexit 'cos of Iraq needs to give their head a wobble.  
Don't forget John Waters promised to leave Ireland if we pass this referendum. #VoteYes#repealthe8th#Together4YES 
Referendum day is here! Will be heading to cast my vote before work. I’ve met such wonderful people the past two months campaigning for a Yes vote. It makes me so proud that when it’s needed, Irish people around the country (& the world) step up & work together. #TogetherforYes 
Some German leftist just told me that our imperialistic past has given us our thirst for #Brexit. If only I could have thought of a German example of imperialism between 1914-18 & 1939-1945 I would crushed his argument. 
BREXIT REALITY This is why the simplicity of travel within the CU is so important to musicians. Musicians of all genres need equipment and every single piece of equipment has to be documented and accounted for. Every string, replacement and broken, every drumstick, every plug.  
Senior EU official: “I am concerned that if the current debate continues, in three months’ time it will be the EU that will be made responsible for the Brexit decision. We need the UK to accept the consequences of its own decisions."What a #brexitshambles.Please #StopBrexit. 
To my friends in Ireland: as you go to the polls tomorrow to vote on the referendum re: abortion being accessible and safe for women, transgender men, and non-binary folks who need that access, please remember that this is about CHOICE. Nothing more, nothing less.#Together4Yes 
RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: Brexit is taking longer than defeating Hitler  via @MailOnline 
EU officials tear into UK’s ‘fantasy’ Brexit negotiating strategy as talks turn bitter  pic.twitter.com/kgZoJg86q8 
Sending love and solidarity to #Irish sisters ahead of Friday’s referendum. “YES” to your choice, your autonomy, your rights and to #repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
As Ireland goes #hometovote to #RepealThe8th today, please remember Savita Halappanavar who died of sepsis after being denied an abortion for a pregnancy even after doctors said miscarriage was inevitable. Her death was a catalyst for this referendum. She was 31.  
It should be stated plain, and it should be stated often: the reason that brexit is going so badly is because brexit is a bad idea. #bbcqt 
Keeping my fingers crossedfor the Irish referendum to decriminalise abortion! Please support the Yes campaign. #Together4Yes #Repealthe8h #irishreferendum 
Kirstene Hair MP forgets to mention actually that she didn't vote in the EU Referendum, because it was too complicated. Her words.  
No matter the outcome of the referendum tomorrow in Ireland, human beings will still have the inherent right to live free from violence, regardless of circumstances. Whether that right is respected & protected is what's up for a vote. #VoteNoToAbortion #savethe8th #Rehumanize 
The Truth is the Tories are Divided over Europe like they was in the 1990's.It is now happening again but the difference is this Time there is no way to get out of it.Brexit will be the End of a Tory Government in Britain. 
EU dismisses latest British ideas on Ireland after Brexit  
Watch: #HomeToVote: Irish emigrants make journey home to vote in abortion referendum  
Ireland is holding a referendum on whether or not to legalize abortion on Friday  
 Irish People Around The World Are Flying Home To Vote On The Abortion Referendum 
Good article by @weegingerdug:"We were told in 2014, independence would cost Scotland £500 per year per household. Now Brexit is costing every household £900 per yearWe're worse off than we'd have been even under WORST case scenario promoted by opponents of indy back in 2014"  
NARAL NYC Action sends love to Ireland on the eve of the referendum! We believe you will #RepealTheEighth! #VoteYes #together4yes @Together4yes @Angels4Yes @aoifesh 
There wasn't a single Leave voter that didn't know about Galileo, they all knew what they voted for, to say otherwise is patronising and I'd never do that.#FBPEBrexit: UK wants £1bn back from EU if it is excluded from Galileo - BBC News  
Of course there are circumstances in which someone's life or their future is threatened by another's mental illness. But Trump in the WH threatens all of our lives and May's insistence on persevering with Brexit all of our futures, and to me neither of those are to be tolerated. 
To put Ireland's abortion referendum in context: No one under the age of 53 has had the chance to vote on this issue. That's why thousands of Irish voters are fighting tooth and nail to ensure that today they can get #hometovote #ItsTime #repealthe8th 
Ireland votes in 'once-in-a-generation' abortion referendum  
"With the coming referendum in Ireland, David and I felt we should share these pictures of our two children. We lost Barnabas at 14 weeks and Hannah at 19. This is what two precious little babies look like." #Savethe8th #Votenotoabortion 
On the Irish abortion referendum: preventing abortion from being legalized is good but everyone who casts a vote is implicitly agreeing that such a thing should be up for a vote. 
If this is true, it’s really serious. The UK, having decided to be a 3rd country, is asking EU27 to trust it as it would a member state post-Brexit in several areas (Customs, information and data, security). 7/ 
The seeding of the blame myth - that Brexit would have been fine if the pesky EU had been reasonable - might play well to certain groups at home, but if it’s infecting the negotiations themselves, they’re in deep trouble 2/  
Stop Brexit blather & face reality on trade says ex-EU ambassadorPatently obvious #Brexit can't be made to work. There's no deal better than the Best Deal we already have. Anyone still supporting this #BrexitShambles is delusional.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I just saw something on Facebook and I genuinely struggled not to vomit. This referendum has brought out the best in so many people and shown how many amazing people we have in this country, but it’s also shown how unimaginably cruel and backwards some other people can be. 
Riot is off to Toronto soon so we're back in rehearsals, but theatrical perfection will just have to wait cos first there's a referendum to win. And later today, the formidable, awesome women of Ireland will be getting a  big fat YAAAAASSSS QWEEN! from  each of us.   
Theresa May 'set to beg Brussels for another Brexit transition' that would last until 2023.Brexit is a total shambles and costing billions. Never mind another transition - the majority of people now want to #Remain in the EU. Let’s #StopBrexit. 
As Simon Kuper so eloquently expressed it in the @FT, #Brexit is akin to a #Cargo Cult 
"Your baby is incompatible with life." What would you do if a doctor tells you that in the 22nd week of pregnancy?Ahead of Friday's abortion referendum in Ireland, a mother shares her abortion story and argues why she is pro-choice:  
Imagine if this came from the British lead diplomat on Brexit.[It's from the German one]  
This tweet is riddled with folly.Our NHS does need more £ - it is underfunded relative to European competitors. As to bureaucracy; you need investment to streamline systems (iPhone X is not better than iPhone 6 because of cuts). Brexit £ fall costs NHS more than health tourism.  
UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns.“We need the UK to accept the consequences of its own decisions.”Or we could #StopBrexit, #Remain in the EU, and keep getting the benefits of EU membership. 
Stupid biased point by Andrew Neil, Mark Carney's '£900 worse of bc of Brexit' claim is based on his own projections made 2 years ago... No it's not it's based on how the UK has tanked compared to other economies since the EU ref. #BBCTW #BBCQT 
Met true heroes of the peace process in NI tonight:  community workers engaging for a still fragile peace. Deeply impressed by their enduring commitment to building trust & relationships. They are worried about future after #brexit and feel not sufficiently heard where needed. 
More uncertainty & damage to business & society? Let’s just Stop Brexit: it’s pernicious, stupid, pointless, a monumental distraction from reality. Our country has problems that need addressing, & the folly of Brexit is making them seriously worse.  
Tory MP resigns PPS position over chaotic Brexit: "it has become clear that some of my colleagues are committed to upsetting the democratic decision of the British people"  
Due 2 the privilege I have to serve in the #Seanad on behalf of @sinnfeinireland, I proudly voted in favour of the Referendum Bill - later I’ll watch fellow citizens go 2 vote on the 8th knowing that I & hundreds of thousands of Irish citizens like me can’t. Time for equality 
#bbcqt  oh dear @Anna_Soubry you say the cabinet is divided, along with the opposition, on #Brexit . So what. The citizens of the uk gave you a mandate, a clear majority mandate, to leave the the EU. Just do it will you or resign. 
Yep.  With Brexit we lose over 750 international arrangements, of ALL types, with 160 countries just as the EU strikes a FTA with Japan and agrees to start one with Australia and New Zealand. Madness!  
A lot of politicians in the UK seem to believe people *want* much higher taxes. Fine. Put your money where your mouth is. Organize a referendum: £2k average hike in income tax & more NHS spending VS status quo. I know where my money would be. 
It’s now officially the day of the referendum. While it’s horrible that women’s healthcare decisions are in the hands of a public vote. It’s amazing we are here. We’re at this point because of amazing women fighting for decades. It’s actually here.Let’s smash the fuck patriarchy 
UK Brexit spokesman just doesn't comprehend that the UK brings consequences on itself. Hopeless!!  @Hil67 @BrexitBin @nickreeves9876 @smilinglaura @City_Livery_SM @kmqkatie @EUtopean @jcm247 
The #Remainer #PM @theresa_may is wrecking #BREXIT day by day & Lying to the #BRITISH people! Do not TRUST this political #FRAUDSTER! #Theresamay must be sacked by the @Conservatives! #MayMustGO #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty #Conservatives 
Andrew Neil always talks as if Brexit is a political phenomomen that plays no role in the current polling. The Tories are still trusted by the majority of Brexiteers and until Brexit is over, the polls will be neck & neck. That's one reason Tories might call an early GE. #bbctw 
No matter what happens tomorrow with the referendum in Ireland... unborn human beings still have the right to life.No state or country or group of people can take away the natural right to life.It can be disrespected, ignored, or ridiculed, but it can never be taken away. 
Brexit: Lib Dems warned Britain’s security at risk with loss of European Arrest Warrant if May made ECJ a redline. Conservatives’ Brexit a surrender to seriously dangerous criminals - Tories should be ashamed @LibDems @BBCPolitics @mrjamesob 
#RETWEET & #SHARE If you think like me that the time has come for the @Conservatives to get rid of the pathetic #PM @theresa_may ASAP! #Theresamay is wrecking #BREXIT & Lying to the #BRITISH people! #MayMustGO #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty 
BBC Question Time tonight had a weird vibe on Brexit. Let’s talk about ditching Brexit altogether.  
British politicians won two world war but politicians nowadays do not have the guts to win this Brexit war! Gutless & cowards the bloody lot of them.We are going to stay in the EU & I'm never ever going to vote for any of them ever again! 
In advance of the 'economic experts' crawling out of the woodwork tomorrow after the Growth Commission Report is released - remember: these are the same people who preside over and support £2 trn of debt, stagnant growth, rising inflation and a catastrophic Brexit. 
By the way @theresa_may ( I was rather busy this week)  how’s the Brexit thing going ? AND Windrush AND the homeless AND Grenfell victims, AND crime rate on the up, no need to answer  let’s all catch up on all the shiny bright stuff tomorrow, Oh AND the Bribery Nando’s thing ? 
So the head of a free trade institute says trade not that important. Could that be cos brexit means walking out not merely on the single market but every single trade treaty we now have with the entire world and you haven't got a clue how we replace them 
Exactly so .....UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns | Politics | The Guardian  
there are some people who never have and never will have to lose sleep the night before a referendum or a count. This is my 2nd time (a lot of our 2nd times)  and I am just. so. tired 
On the eve of the referendum to #repealthe8th Dublin's #LibertyHall is lit up in the feminist and suffragist colours as a gesture of support and solidarity with the women of Ireland #TogetherForYes #hometovote 
EU dismisses latest British ideas on Ireland after Brexit  
"Our negotiating position is being driven by a very very small number of people who are very ideologically extreme"Labour's @AnnelieseDodds  on Brexit #bbcqt 
The Worthing audience all saying they know what they voted for in the referendum. Willing to bet that not one of them could hold a decent discussion about Euratom, Horizon2020, Galileo or solve the Irish border issue. #bbcqt. 
"I certainly knew what I was voting for - a country that was in control of itself".This audience member doesn't want a second referendum on leaving the EU #bbcqt 
#BBCQT tonight just shows what a mess the country is in on Brexit. Divided, frustrated, stuck in a bramble patch. 
#BBCQT How is this person still in the Conservative Party.She stood in 2017 on a full Brexit ticket.She is now attacking those who support that vote.She is repeatedly scaremongering about Northern Ireland.  
There's always a gem on #bbcqt."I voted Remain but I've reconciled that"."I need the govt...to put in place what was agreed with the electorate....".The proper response to the #Brexit result, by an adult.#bbcqt 
Simply hilarious that architect of Brexit Cummings and ex EU ambo Rogers - both marginalised by @theresa_may - share almost identical thinking for why this government will not properly execute the people’s revealed preference to leave EU  
I think some people are ever so silly. “I won’t support Jeremy Corbyn because he’s enabling a Tory Brexit”. He actually isn’t. But, by not supporting him, YOU are enabling a Tory Brexit. Which has consequences far worse than if Labour was negotiating.#BBCQT. 
Nice bunch in Worthing. It’s like the biggest gang of Brexit cunts spouting the same old shit about sticking together, getting on with it and bland patriotism #bbcqt 
It's quite staggering to see the #bbcqt audience boo the notion of a democratic vote on the Brexit deal, yet enthusiastically applaud when this chap insists we "get on with" a Brexit that absolutely nobody has been able to define.  
If the BBC Question Time Worthing audience is representative of the entire country, then god help us.#BBCQT #Brexit 
Brexit is now about the protection of Democracy from a Dictatorship.#bbcqt 
#bbcqt does this panel not understand..........for the last 20 years the identity of our communities, society and country has been destroyed and people voted Brexit as a last resort to attempt to save what is left of our culture. We want out completely. 
Dominic Lawson says that Theresa May and Philip Hammond cannot accept that Brexit is a good idea #bbcqt 
We were offered a referendum. We made a choice. Your job is to deliver that. You work for us. Stop fucking about and get on with it. It's quite simple.  #bbcqt 
Anna Soubry talking 100% sense on Brexit - stay in Single Market & Customs Union in country’s interest. While Labour representative says we should leave Single Market, then says we need ‘exact same benefits’. It’s an insane position #bbcqt 
@Anna_Soubry is absolutely right on @bbcquestiontime that there is a pro Remain majority in Parliament. But Parliament gave the decision to the public in a referendum and they voted to Leave. The consequences of trying to over turn the result would be very serious indeed 
Gov't have been totally incompetent in Brexit negotiations, consistently kicking the can down the road. It's simple, UK voted Leave, so Leave, stop negotiating to remain under a different name. #bbcqt 
"I don't think that insulting half of the country by calling them remoaners endlessly and calling them sore losers gets us anywhere"@sarahchurchwell says much of the language used around the Brexit debate is unhelpful to healing divisions in the country#bbcqt  
Panel on @bbcquestiontime divided between those who slightly want to bankrupt  with Brexit and those who seriously want to bankrupt  
I can’t believe how many people I know are on their holidays??? On referendum eve???? How could you miss this referendum whether your pro choice or anti choice??????? 
Anna Soubry says Brexit is the biggest crisis facing the UK since the 2nd World War.And it's an entirely Tory made crisis which they cannot solve. #bbcqt 
How come the Tories are the Govt, the ones who called the EUref & the ones doing the negotiating but somehow #bbcqt ends up with lots of people attacking Corbyn & Labour on Brexit? Almost like a deflection #LookOverThere 
Today's "Brexit Battle" is a fight between "privilege" and "rights". If the working class fall for the lies of the upper class on this issue, then they're re-signing the contracts for their own servitude. The working & middle classes only have a chance when they work together. 
#bbcqt Everything wrong with today’s politicians, there with bloody Remoaner bore, Anna Soubry. Spends morning noon & night trying derail Brexit. We voted we’re leaving, get it through your thick skull FFS.      
BREAKING: Mayor Andy Burnham revealed tonight that in tomorrow's "Greater #Manchester #Brexit Monitor" it will be announced that unemployment in the region is at a 44-month high.#Brexit chickens coming home to roost. 
.@Anna_Soubry says Brexit is a 'crisis' not helped by a government and an opposition that are both divided on the issue #bbcqt 
Anna Soubry's face when David Dimbleby introduced her as "a backbencher who is campaigning against any form of Brexit"  #bbcqt 
 Surprisingly strong opinions on the EU referendum result given that she didn’t even bother to vote.  
Isn't it a bit ridiculously obvious that the same anti referendum groups are anti Kirkuk election results? Kurds lost two seats that went to Arabs and Turkmen. Yet, they wish to see Kurds a minority in their own cities. 
Come on ireland, this is our chance to show the Brits how not to f*** up a referendum. #Repeal8th #Together4YES 
We are Europe. I can’t get over how many British politicians have smirked, scoffed or been aghast when I’ve said that to them. Once they accept this is an EU-UK negotiation & that the EU is one, we might get somewhere on #Brexit  
Oh, how I wish @realDonaldTrump was negotiating Brexit on our behalf. He would have got it done and dusted within about 2 weeks! Those Brussels snivelling pussies would have crapped themselves and given in to his every demand. 
Friday’s Independent: Brussels trashes Britain’s ‘fantasy’ Brexit strategy #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis) 
After a chat on the phone about the referendum to my da he was still set on voting no when hanging up, an hour later he sends me this message, proud daughter moment #repealtheeigth 
Meet the Irish citizens flying home to vote in the historic abortion referendum  
Tomorrow, Republic of Ireland citizens will vote in a referendum on the 8th amendment of their constitution - one which directly affects human rights for women.   Seeing things like this make me feel so hopeful.  to you RoI! #RepealThe8th #ReproductiveRights #WomensRights 
Damn it, the Daily Mail has rumbled us as well as @BestForBritain We'd be more than happy for a Labour Against Brexit speaker tour in August because we candidly, openly, wholeheartedly, aim to Stop Brexit in the best interests of our country. And we'll deffo be at Conference.  
The EU dismissed many of the UK’s plans for their post-Brexit relationship as little short of "fantasy"  
regardless of the outcome of this referendum i’ll never forget the feeling of support and inclusion i felt walking around town today and seeing so many yes badges 
I hope that my fight against Theresa May’s awful Brexit plan will bring her down before she can damage peace in Northern Ireland so that I can replace her as PM, and in then advocating a united Ireland, transform that country into a cockpit of violent bloody war. 
Farage: ‘Facebook made Brexit possible – but Now It Is Discriminating Against Right-wing News Sites'  
I hope that brexit is reversed as it is obvious we are on the road to ruin.If you put a postcode into your sat nav that sends you over the cliff and into the sea .Do you a)follow the directions into the ocean or b)think this is a dopey idea and change your mind. 
Second vote to stop Brexit is credible, says Article 50 author  
Andrea Jenkyns MP,  has resigned as PPS to "fight for Brexit". I am reminded of her favourite book choice - she is devotee of bonkers, faddish numerological hocus pocus. ... (also of Kabbalah)  
A no-deal Brexit with UK-EU trade on WTO terms is the best hope for Brexiteers  
Orange Order Calls For No Vote In Referendum.  That’ll swing it, alright. #repealThe8th #rosawomen #Together4Yes 
The sun sets on the 8thDublin 24.5.2018#repealthe8th #repealglobal #hometovote #hometocanvass #voteyes #ireland #abortion #referendum #no218 #AbortoLegalYa #prochoice 
Liberty Hall is lit up in Suffragette colours, as @SIPTU stand in support and solidarity with women and girls in Ireland, on the eve of this once in a generation referendum. Tomorrow, we vote #together4yes 
The worst irony of Brexit is that we currently have such a brilliantly semi detached relationship with the EU- not in schengen- not in euro- veto on ECU- freedom to work but not live- and ALL the benefitsLeavers never acknowledge this and we are/were the envy of EU 27  
% who say Brexit is Working out better than expected 9%About the same as expected 48%Worse than expected 39%Don’t know 4% Ipsos 
WOW - We're just short of reaching our crowdfunder target and bringing on TWO  new members to our team to help build the anti-Brexit campaign alongside @Scientists4EU and @HealthierIn !! Chip in and help us hit our goal: 
I'm afraid so many normally sensible colleagues seem to have lost their grip on reality. If #Brexit isn't working out as you expect surely you need to stand back and think what to do next rather than bullying everyone to follow a failing course  
I have not enjoyed my day. It has been overly politically fraught and contentious. If you want to make me feel better, marooned here as I am with the Damocles sword of a moronic referendum hanging over me, then, if you have one, use your vote tomorrow in the other one. YES, do. 
Another way of looking at tomorrow;If the Irish people had been permitted a referendum on the Famine, and assured by the government that people would die only in "extreme cases", would they have voted for it? #AbortionNever, #8th ref, #Savethe8th. 
Ireland: Voter Referendum Could Repeal Anti-Choice Amendment   #8thRef 
LADIES IMAGINE THIS:The date is 26th May 2018, the referendum votes have all been counted, the yes side have surpassed the no side and we finally have the full rights to our own bodies, the sun is shining , it is a good day for the women in Ireland 
Brexit: UK official warns EU over talks 'insult'  
Thousands of Irish people are traveling #HomeToVote in the abortion referendum, hoping to repeal the "cruel and inhumane" 8th amendment of their constitution (via @TheCut ) 
BBC News - Tory MP Andrea Jenkyns quits government role 'to fight for Brexit' . BBC giving full coverage to a very minor event. Of course it’s a Brexiteer, so different rules apply. Disgraceful BBC manipulation. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
EU officials tear into UK’s ‘fantasy’ Brexit negotiating strategy as talks turn bitter There's no way the EU can let May get away with a #Brexit fudge & no way sensible citizens should either. There's no compromise in this #BrexitShambles. #StopBrexit 
What’s new?  UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns  
Irish people living around the world have returned home to vote 'Yes' in the country's historic referendum on whether to legalize abortion 
Praying mightily to Our Lady of Knock (the Woman of the Book of Revelation) and St Michael (the dragon-defeater of the Book of Revelation) about Ireland’s Friday referendum on abortion. As always, the dragon is poised to devour the unborn (Rev 12:4).  
While the government might be talking a good fight for Brexit, in practice it is pursuing a policy of backsliding and defeatism:  
So proud of my Dad (73) who didn’t think the referendum was any of his business as a man, but who is voting yes tomorrow to give women the right to choose. #Together4Yes 
May has been playing with the 17.4 million who voted leave. She is not for Brexit a snail could leave faster than her & her government. The British people have been lead on a 2 year hoax, time is up for her now the public are wise to her fake Brexit now. 
Meeting @eevriviades this afternoon Ambassador from Cyprus to the UK, discussing tourism, business and Brexit  - always a pleasure  
WELL DONE! Tory MP Andrea Jenkyns has resigned from her role at Ministry of Housing to spend more time being "a voice for the benefits of Brexit".She claims many members of the Committee on which she sits are "committed to upsetting the democratic decision of the British people"  
I suspect this is the civil service’s way of saying what they really think about Brexit.  
HandmaidsIOM are going green  We stand in solidarity with our Irish sisters, and hope the referendum will see the 8th repealed. No woman should be trapped without a choice.  #togeher4yes #prochoice #repealthe8th #voteyes #IStandWithHandmaidsIOM #HandmaidsIOM4YES 
I love my twitter because... more people want to talk to me about butter on malt loaf than they do about Brexit.  
It's the eve of the referendum & it's important we get out the vote to #repealthe8th. We need to give compassionate care to women in Ireland.Vote Yes@RepealRathdown @Together4yes 
Your die-hard Remainers want us to ditch the Brexit vote and crawl back under Mad Merkel's jackboot.#AlloAllo 
"Brexit horror stories – like the ex-mayor of Ipswich denied citizenship – remind me why we’ve returned to the Netherlands" says Dutch author @JORISLUIJENDIJK 
Words I thought I’d never say - Domnic Cummings is spot on. Tories making a complete mess of Brexit  
3yrs ago I cried with pride as watched Ireland in make joyous, beautiful, progressive history with a national referendum. Writing in @glamourmag about why I hope I'll be feeling the same after tomorrow's abortion referendum #Repealthe8th 
Clownishness of UK's approach to Brexit negotiation no longer funny. Time to get serious and call in the professionals. #amateurnight 
I will never accept the result of a referendum I was not allowed to vote in but directly affects me and my son. Call me a traitor.. it's fine. I'm drained and off to bed. Yes. Good night. 
For those still on the fence on the vote tomorrow, I urge you to read through this image. This referendum is not asking for your personal moral stance on abortion. Be realistic and remember that the 8th does NOT put a stop to abortion in Ireland. #TogetherForYes 
“We’re out”“The easiest deal in history”“no downsides”“Cake and eat it”“Brexit means Brexit”“Red, white & blue”“Titanic Success”“Will of the people”“No deal better than a bad deal”“Jobs First Brexit”“Get behind Brexit”“Remoaners”“Traitors” #brexitbollocks 
We would like to sincerely thank all of our members and supporters, young and old, who have worked tirelessly throughout this referendum campaign. Míle buíochas libh go léir. #AbortionNever #VoteNo #SaveThe8th 
All the #hometovote celebrating feels like a response to all the silent, secret journeys that went the other way. Whatever the outcome of the referendum, the silence is broken. 
Polling stations open at 7am tomorrow morning and close at 10pm. You have a whole 15 hours to go out and vote so there are no excuses. Tomorrow’s referendum is a once in a generation chance at making the change this country needs so please use your vote 
Thrilled that 1200 people have donated. Thank you!Imagine if everyone who wanted to stop Brexit gave a tenner.Please share widely, and thank you. FIGHT THE DAILY MAIL ON BREXIT!  
I’m regularly told I’m pro-Tory for being anti-Brexit. Ridiculously.I’m anti-Brexit, therefore anti-Brexiteer. Which includes Corbyn. That, in basic terms, means I don’t like Brexiteers.It’s not rocket science. 
Dear Brexiters,Theresa May has proposed for Brexit what she says "initially" she will call a 'Customs Regulatory Alignment Period'.Look at it.  Very carefully.Do  any of you do cryptic crosswords?Are you really so thick you haven't noticed she's trolling you?Regards,Tom. 
I often feel for you Sam , losing the referendum to idiots like us must hurt in a very special way. Now fuck off!  
The way things are going, I can see the EU falling apart before Theresa May makes the Brexit deal.  
So I am in Belgium now. It feels good but at the same time it is making me sad. Why? Because I feel free. I have fom. And the realization that we have a loony government who wants to take this away of the British citizens. We need to stop brexit. Topple this government 
 Thousands travel home to Ireland to vote in abortion referendum. #repealthe8th #homeforyes 
Scroll through #hometovote and see the passionate commitment of Irish citizens to their democracy. Give them the right to vote in next year’s referendum on emigrant voting in Presidential elections. 
Leave must mean Leave. Government must not betray the people on #Brexit Sign and RT my petition hereLet's achieve 100,000 signatures for a debate in Parliament #Conservatives #bbcdp #bbcqt 
Why Britain must leave the EU Customs Union - which is a massive scam to prop up inefficient EU producers at consumers' expense:  #Brexit 
A memory today served as a good reminder of how stupid Brexit is: this was Beijing on this day three years ago. Hazardous pollution levels. That and climate change is what we should be concerned with for the future. Not Brexit, an unnecessary self-inflicted act of self-harm.  
Pray for Ireland ahead of tomorrow's referendum that seeks to repeal the Eighth Amendment to the Irish Constitution. Repealing would strip the unborn of legal protection. Don't #repealthe8th 
Thanks for your tweet. Can you remind me who is leaving the EU again? #brexit 
'@AndreaJenkyns resigns from role at Ministry of Housing to spend more time being "a robust voice for the benefits of Brexit" and claims many members of the Brexit SelCom are "committed to upsetting the democratic decision of the British people".   
Follow @laurafleur, who is at Dublin's airport as Irish people come #HomeToVote on the abortion referendum  
EU officials tear into UK’s ‘fantasy’ Brexit negotiating strategy as talks turn bitter  
George Soros backs Remainiac group 'Best for Britain' to spend ~£6 million in the coming weeks to stop Brexit.Soros the biggest perverter of democracy there can ever be?#Brexit  
.The Brexit Effect......"I am not a member of the SNP, or a nationalist, but there is no doubt in my mind now that Scotland should be an independent country in Europe.". 
Hurry for a referendum.Hurry to trigger Article 50.Absolutely no hurry to give Parliament control & oversight over the Brexit bills, including Lords’ amendments to #EUWithdrawalBill #TickTock 
Tory Quits Government to “Fight For Brexit”  
Very informative. See also this blog post by a small business owner on how Brexit will destroy the firm she's created: . Brexiters say it's just the business elite who are anti-Brexit. Nonsense: it will devastate SMEs. Tories the party of business?  
Andrea Jenkyns MP“I made a promise to my constituents during this parliament, to fight for Brexit and this is a promise that I intend to keep to the best of my abilities."#ProperMp 
The lines between Brexit and Remain Conservative MPs are being drawn. Expect a duel at a certain dawn.  
'Fantasy' Ireland: EU blasts British illusions as Brexit talks hit crisis. @AFP story from Brussels 
UK 'chasing a fantasy' in Brexit talks, top EU official warns  
#VIDEO #HomeToVote - crowds arrive in Dublin airport ahead of abortion referendum  
John Mills - “We were told by the Govt that the parliament would respect the result of the #Brexit referendum. "What is democracy about if it is not taking a decision and then implementing it."  
Brexit Betrayal: Sources Confirm Appeaser Theresa Wants SECOND Transition to Stay in EU Customs Union   
Always wary of getting into debates in other places, but a hefty good on youse to all those heading #HomeToVoteYes in Ireland’s referendum tomorrow. #RepealTheEighth  
Tory HQ launches online campaign to pile pressure on anti-Brexit Labour MPs in Leave-backing seats  
Full #Brexit set to take seven years as Theresa #May seeks extra transition period  
Surely we don't need tax rises to pay for NHS in Brexit Britain! It's getting an extra £350m a week ..that's about 12%ish annual increase. Anyway, once the 'foreigners' have gone our doctors will have no one to treat...or were Leavers lying? #PeoplesVote 
"Killing Babies is a harder sell"Throwback to Electric Picnic when Amnesty Ireland let the mask slip, comparing #8thref to the Marriage Referendum#Savethe8th #Lovebothvoteno #VoteNo 
The number of EU nationals in Scotland increased last year despite  Brexit. Official figures show the number of EU citizens living in Scotland rose by 26,000 to 235,000 in 2017. England and Wales has witnessed a decrease. Welcome to Scotland ladies & Gents Failte Gu Alba!  
Farage: ‘Facebook made Brexit possible – but Now It Is Discriminating Against Right-wing News Sites’   
Arron Banks making Putin happy by attacking Soros, who Putin fears and loathes for his work promoting democracy in Eastern Europe.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
So many feelings today. Worried, hopeful, afraid. And also sadness that despite being an Irish citizen living in Tyrone, I can't vote in this referendum. It's a privilege to be able to get out and vote. Please be my yes tomorrow. #together4yes #hometovote 
All forms of Brexit are bad for your health. 
Flying back from Paris and seeing the huge numbers of people in their repeal jumpers and yes badges flying home to vote speaks volumes of how important this referendum is, and if people can cross oceans for a vote then you really have no excuse not to too #hometoveote #Repealthe8 
#Referendum on amendments to #Constitution is an internal affair of #Burundi. It was initiated by the National Commission for Inter-Burundi Dialogue which includes members of all parties, non-parliamentary associations, civil society. It was fully supported by the population. 
After today's revelation, we can't deny it any longer: the price of #Brexit will be the NHSAnd that is just what many leading Brexiters want - see next tweet:#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
So much for EU rotting corpse UK is unshakling from  If only Cameron had waited longer before rushing into EU Referendum history would most probably now be very different.  
I’m only 17. The outcome of this referendum will affect me for the rest of my life. But I can’t vote because I’m not old enough. Please go out and vote, for the people like me who can’t themselves and for the women who need the right to be cared for by their own country #repeal 
"With the coming referendum in Ireland, David and I felt we should share these pictures of our two children. We lost Barnabas at 14 weeks and Hannah at 19. This is what two precious little babies look like." #Savethe8th 
Up to a £20bn annual hit to business (HMRC).£4bn hit to the economy. (BOE).Labour: Jobs first Brexit.Tory: Brexit above all. Parliament should be sacked. This is dogma above all reason.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
A senior EU official (who sadly I cannot name because they speak with a clarity and straightforwardness all too rare in the Brexit saga) has just given one of the best descriptions of the EU and why it behaves the way it does I've ever heard. Simple, concise, and to the point.  
‘Brexiting Britain remains unwilling to engage seriously with (the) practicalities and, far from sobriety, is still in the middle of an uncontrolled binge.’ @chrisgreybrexit calls out the endless Brexit BS. And does it firmly but politely. Quite a skill. 
'The Government has no credible policy on Brexit - and the whole world knows it.' Not the words of a Remainer / Remoaner / Saboteur / Snowflake / Traitor... the words of the Vote Leave director.  
So far we have had two bloody years extended Brexit now Theresa May is going to "ASK the E.U." for another 7 bloody years extension this is not bloody on, There never was a plan in the first place it was all about getting the Repeal Bill for a U.K. Tory Power Grab. 
It sums up #Brexit pretty well TBH 
YOU should be able to choose whether the #Brexit deal is the right deal for Britain’s future. If it’s not, then you should be able to reject it and remain in the European Union. If you’re with us, join the @LibDems campaign today: 
Today, I am proud to announce that the full @CLTCityCouncil is committing to support $50 million for affordable housing on this fall’s bond referendum. #FundAffordableHousing 
A gentle reminder to all those voting in the referendum in Ireland tomorrow: don’t screw up like we did with Brexit. Don’t be misled by lies and manipulative emotive adverts. Do the right thing. Give women control over their own bodies. VOTE YES! #VoteYes #Together4Yes 
Great to welcome @jeremycorbyn to @NIC_ICTU office/mural). W/ @GerryMu25895877 @nipsa @UniteunionNI @UNISONNI on  #Brexit @BtrWorkBtrLives 
THE UK should remain in the Galileo programme after #Brexit because they have contributed a tremendous amount to the development, a Hungarian minister declared 
Definitely the most interesting take I've seen so far on the abortion referendum  
Because of the #GDPR, we need to re-consent to all important issues. For this reason, there will be a new referendum on #Brexit, to ensure that it still has the consent of the people. 
Whits that hen. Cannae hear you. Did ye say brexit is fandabbydozzy.  
Very impressed with @IsMiseKaliyah today as she prepped for her politics exam by asking a unity referendum question of Jeremy Corbyn in the event at @QUBelfast  hope the exam went well  
"Google and Facebook are swaying Ireland’s abortion referendum even when they tried not to"  
"Currently, there are 21 members on the Brexit committee, only 7 of which voted to leave the EU..During my time on the committee, it has become clear that some of my colleagues are committed to upsetting the democratic decision of the British people." Brave article. Worth a read.  
We have landed in Dublin, me and @MalinEosterberg in time for tomorrow’s referendum. Solidarity with all those who have campaigned for #VoteYes #repealthe8th and our friends in @AmnestyIreland. Our colleagues in Sweden support you too! 
The EU has this week told Britain that it will definitely be excluded from the European Arrest Warrant after Brexit if it sticks to its current red lines, I understand 
Remember when we could have all the advantages of the single market without being a member, and when, "There is no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside"?Everything you have promised, and I mean EVERYTHING, has already been renaged on or cannot be delivered. Fess up. 
People have been at me all day about Labour, saying  they only need to oppose not to solve Tory Brexit. But Today Corbyn said Labour’s policies are:• no hard border• no sea border• leaving SM & CU, creating *a* customs unionHOW can all this be done? It is fair question 
It is simply wrong for politicians to try and reverse referendum results they disagree with. @scottishlabour and the @scotlibdems are backing @theSNP ’s attempts to break up the UK and it isn’t right 
Tory MP Andrea Jenkyns quits government role 'to fight for Brexit'  
Over-confidence is a preference for the habitual voyeur of what is known as "Brexit". 
Deutsche Bank has confirmed it will cut 7,000 jobs with its equity business down 25%. Reports say job losses will be nearer 10,000. And it was British banks that were supposed to be the ones in line to lose 100,000s of jobs after Brexit according to the Great Scare. 
Fascinating slide published by the EU #Brexit Task Force on Tuesday.  It shows all the checks and controls needed for goods entering, transiting or leaving EU.  Scored out are the issues that a #CustomsUnion alone would address.   Shows that the #SingleMarket is essential …. 
Tell you what... Ditch Brexit and BoJo can go and do a charming, bumblingly amusing travel show.  
I'll be running the @IrishTimes liveblog coverage of referendum day from 7am tomorrow morning. If you have any photos, tweets or stories that you want to share throughout the day get in touch at spollak@irishtimes.com 
Join the protest at Liaqatabad No. 10 on Saturday 26th May led by @DFSMQM after Traveeh prayers (10:00pm) for a loud display of a public referendum. Can be a turning point for the progress of our province of Sindh and city.  
Polish women are with you ladies all the way! Hope you win your rightsIrish abortion referendum  #hometoveote #HomeToVoteYes 
At last David Davis comes out against Brexit on security grounds, telling ERG members (including presumably his fellow Minister Baker) to stop making trouble. Next step, a people's vote.  Final step, REMAIN.  
Countless decades of Irish immigration to the UK through history. Now in two years there are more Romanians than Irish in the UK.They wonder why people voted Brexit! 
Minister resigns from government to spend more time with government policy - Brexit wonderland latest  
Semi-digested factoids are no substitute for sober judgment. My latest Brexit Blog post just up:  
.@ChukaUmunna believes that the public should have a say on the final Brexit deal - that's why he supports the March for a People's Vote on 23rd June! Sign up here:  #PeoplesVote 
The Lib Dems are leading the resistance against Brexit in the House of Commons. Will Jeremy Corbyn get behind us and stand up to the Tories?Get the latest news on how the Lib Dems are fighting to give YOU the final say on the Brexit deal here: 
"Labour will not support any Brexit deal that includes the return of a hard border to Northern Ireland. We are also clear there must be no effective border created in the Irish Sea either." - Jeremy Corbyn #QUBCorbyn 
Kurdish women send solidarity to the women of Ireland ahead of tomorrow’s referendum to #RepealThe8th, and discuss reproductive rights in revolutionary Rojava #Together4Yes #VoteYes #TwitterKurds 
After Brexit, European arrest warrant categorically ruled out for Britons, says senior EU officialGood news ’s-case-exposes-abuse-european-arrest-warrantsEtc 
Two-takes on the single most important graph in the world right nowWith my apologies to news desks fixated on North Korea, Trump, the Turkish Lira, bonds, Kushner, Mueller, Brexit, Russia, Italy and the rest of the headlines news that matters so little, comparatively#climate 
I hope every young person votes tomorrow because not only are they voting for themselves but they are voting for the people around my age, 16-17 who will also be affected by this referendum and don’t get a say. Your vote counts for us too. #repeal 
Breathtakingly damning assessment of this week's Brexit talks from senior EU official: 'concerned' for June summit, Ireland proposals tread ground already ruled out, 'I have the impression UK thinks everything has to change on EU side so everything can stay same for UK' 
This referendum means so much to so many. Women's health matters. Vote Yes for compassionate change.  
Wrote this in the middle of a busy maternity unit in Dublin on the eve of a very important referendum on women’s health. Wrote it as an advocate, a medic, a campaigner #together4yes. Wrote it for the women you will never hear about but we don’t forget 
The 50,000 or so blind and vision impaired people on the electoral register are being given their first opportunity to cast their votes in secret in this referendum  
Brexit: How did HMRC get to a £20bn customs cost?  
"After today's revelation, we can't deny it any longer: the price of Brexit will be the NHS"  
Can hear Irish accents all around me on the train to Stansted Airport. Regardless of how they’re voting, the fact that so many people think this referendum is important enough to fly home for is nothing short of feckin’ mighty. #HomeToVote 
Don't forget to tune into #bbcqt tonight & watch leading supporter @Anna_Soubry on why she supports a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
Not sure you need to resign to find the time to “be a robust voice for the benefits of Brexit.” As none have yet been found it should be easy to fit in a bit of muttering about sovereignty and laughable statements about Global Britain in between other tasks.  
I never talk politics online but a lot of people have been asking me about the referendum. I will be voting yes tomorrow  
May's not interested in how the people wanted Brexit to be, she has it in her mind to have a Customs Union of some type that in effect keeps us in the EU the people have never asked for an extension to the leaving date yet she seeks to impose one on us. So she must go. 
In these past 2 years I have always been clear that I will NEVER call for violent protest.However, it is entirely possible to display anger without being violent.Keep Calm and Carry On isn't good enough to stop Brexit. We need to be clear what is happening is not okay.  
Yay 167,000 people next stop 168K Thanks friends keep on promoting Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Thanks Jamie. We appreciate your support and you are absolutely correct.Russia wants to destabilise Europe just as it wants to destabilise America.We both have a common cause to defeat #Trump and defeat #Brexit to restore stability to our countries.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Making our way home for tomorrow’s referendum. Missing it was just not an option. After 5months on the road it’s time to head home and vote to #repealthe8th #aisghair #HomeToVoteYes #hometovote #TáForMná #tá 
After years of austerity, we are now wasting billions on Brexit.The cost of Brexit is spiralling out of control. Brexiters promised more for the NHS. The reality is that Brexit is starving our public services of funds.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. 
#RETWEET: The #British people are now realizing that @theresa_may is nothing but a #political #FRAUDSTER who has lied time and time again! #Theresamay has never intended for #BREXIT to happen! #MayMustGO #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome #BREXIT @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty 
The PM needs to stop this Brexit suicide before we surrender to Brussels without signing a free trade deal, says @TheSun 
Billionaire George Soros behind a £5.6million last-ditch attempt to derail Brexit keep Britain in the EU  
Remember the sick shock of Brexit or the horror of Trump's election? If you don't want that sense of free-falling disbelief at tomorrow night's exit poll, then PLEASE VOTE.We need every single vote 
“Girls are coming out of the woods.wrapped in cloaks and hoods carrying iron bars and candlesand a multitude of scars”.The incredible title poem of Tishani Doshi‘s new collection makes me think of the army of women who have worked so hard on the referendum to #Repealthe8th. 
We welcomed 2 important EU delegations to visit the NI border today, the Belgium Prime Minister and a high level German BREXIT group. The solidarity of our EU partners is very strong and so encouraging - reminds us why we’re part of a shared Union.  
Ireland will make a life or death decision tomorrow on abortion. @LilaGraceRose has an important message for Ireland before its critical referendum. #SaveThe8th 
As predicted. Transition without end. Because in the real world, the Brexiters’ vision does not exist.No other self-respecting European government would throw-away their country’s seat at the table for ZERO gain like this.Brexit is a farce.  
The pathetically weak #REMAINER @theresa_may now needs to be pushed off the #EU budgie perch that she has been sitting on since she became #PM, by the @Conservatives or they will be pushed off the #Electoral map very SOON! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK @ConHome #BREXIT @CCHQPress #Tory 
Sir Ivan Rogers on why Brexit was always going to fall apart. Like the poll tax, it is undeliverable without chaos  
Interesting - junior member of govt reisgns so she can speak out more about Brexit  
Well at least that’s one Leaver on the payroll standing up for Brexit…  
You people are ruining my Brexit - the short version of Dom Cummings Brexit blast  pic.twitter.com/WatkvxpPZ7 
The time for independence is now. No ifs, no coulds, no maybes, there will be a referendum on Scottish independence. #ReadyToGo #ScotRef 
“There are 21 members on the Brexit committee, only 7 of which voted to leave the EU ...I feel I need to spend more of my time doing all I can do to correct this imbalance and be a robust voice for the benefits of #Brexit” @andreajenkyns  
Tory Quits Government to "Fight For Brexit"  via @GuidoFawkes 
I have lived my entire adult life under the shadow of the Eighth Amendment, and on the eve of this momentous referendum I am reflecting on the path that got us here. #VoteYes tomorrow and lets #RepealTheEighth!  @Together4yes @labour 
My decision to resign from my PPS role in the Government. #Brexit  
There are two (2!) pro-life tweets out of 25 tweets in this Twitter moment on the major referendum in Ireland. Biased much @Twitter? 
Theresa May will tell EU the UK needs another Brexit transition period to last until 2023 as the Government failed to find a solution to the Northern Ireland problem.They can delay it for a century as well, they’ll never find a workable solution 
17,410,742  were willing to give @theresa_may support over #BREXIT! instead #TheresaMay has betrayed the #British people.. this PATHETIC #PM Must GO her time has run OUT! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #UK #EU #Tory #Conservatives 
Brexit has never been the Tory Party’s cause. It is the party of the status quo, not radical change. While the government might be talking a good fight for Brexit, in practice it is pursuing a policy of backsliding and defeatism, writes Mick Hume.  
If you agree that Labour members should have a say on Brexit join up to our campaign at   
A vote for Brexit was a choice between trashing our economy or being forced to follow the EU’s rules without a say of our own anymore. Either option is undoubtedly worse than remaining as an EU State. #ExitfromBrexit 
Full Brexit to take seven years as Theresa May seeks extra transition period  FOR GODS SAKE GET THIS HOPELESS MUNT OUT @Conservatives 
"unless Britain finds a way back into Europe, Scotland will find a way out of the UK" a must read fro @iainmacwhirter for anyone following Brexit such as @davidallengreen @chrisgreybrexit @sjwrenlewis @IanDunt @PJDunleavy 
Summary:1. I've turned my back on Corbyn.2. He should be taking the side of working people - e.g. students, suicide bombers, grooming gangs, etc - who oppose Brexit.3. And not the tiny handful of 17,410,742 bigots who support it.4. Talk about a betrayal!5. That's all, folks!  
The future is all about your children &  your grandchildren!A future under years of Westminster Tory ruleorA future in an independent ScotlandIt's a simple choice!"YES" for a better future#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Scotland#Independence 
One problem - by leaving the POLITICAL institutions we remove people's democratic (political) rights. The people will have no say in the adoption of EU laws by which they are bound.  An extraordinary irony when Brexit was supposed to be about sovereignty. #betternobrexit 
WATCH: Dan Hannan, Nigel Farage, Dominic Cummings & Jacob Rees-Mogg - what do they all have in common? They've all appeared to back a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Everybody needs to see this. Please RT: pic.twitter.com/H2YNJJ1sCO 
Ireland may be about to repeal one of Europe's strictest abortion laws. This is the history behind the referendum  
"Support for European Union membership has hit a 35-year high across the bloc, with a strong majority of citizens saying it has been a force for good in their country, even in Britain which is set to leave next year." #Brexit 
Had an excellent bilateral meeting with Belgian PM @CharlesMichel in Govt Buildings this afternoon. We discussed trade, the new EU Budget, CAP, the banking union & the digital single market. And of course we discussed Brexit, which will heavily impact both of our countries.  
Latest #Brexit news: UK outraged at the EU planning on treating it as a country that has left the EU after it has left the EU. 
When you're heading to vote tomorrow, can you do us all a favour.. don't take a stupid selfie outside the polling station and upload it to social media.. you're voting in a very important referendum, not going to a bloody Ed Sheeran gig. #8thref 
Every conversation still counts. Ask your friends and family are they voting. This referendum will be tight and we need every Yes vote there is #Together4Yes #together2vote 
Sorry mate the empire is long gone, and while you're involved in the lunacy of brexit the rest of the world has already moved on. Think you've got more influence in the WTO than in the EU? reality is really going to hurt  
Our single largest trading partner wants free trade with us when we are in a position to negotiate.This is a fantastic opportunity for Britain - the longer we stay tied to the Customs Union the longer we wait for the benefits Brexit will bring!  
: And the economy? Did they tell you Brexit would make it easier to find a job? Or lower prices?: No: So were experts split on whether Brexit would help us?: No, they were pretty much all saying it would make your life harder: Oh: Yep 
Leaked dossier shows that Soros is behind a £5.6 million campaign to stop Brexit.This ladies and gentlemen is the REAL election meddling.Committed by George Soros. 
SDLP Leader @columeastwood alongside Deputy @NicholaMallon and Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna speaking after a constructive meeting with @jeremycorbyn about Brexit, the border and Tory austerity  
It's one day until the referendum and here's a few reminders.If you agree with abortion in extreme cases, you agree with abortion and should vote yes. If you don't agree with abortion in any case, vote yes because your personal opinion shouldn't inhibit others from theirs. 
Off to the Volkshochschule Kreuzberg to enquire how to take the German integration test (Einbürgerungstest).My first step on a long path towards getting a  passport!#brexit #einbürgern 
As the EU (Withdrawal) Bill returns to the Commons next month, we have written a letter to MPs for our supporters to sign and send to their elected representatives. YOU have the power to help save Brexit by encouraging they vote down the Lords amendments. 
2/2 The Trump/Rudy daily repetition beats occasional headlines. So where are those tough voices & memorable phrases that hit back? Where's a William Jennings Bryan, Barney Frank bellowing the truth? Who'll make the mid-terms a referendum on: "Our Health/His Corruption"?  
Confident that the referendum will be passed tomorrow cause of the gay marriage one, the people who are voting no are the same ones who did last time purely based on outdated "morals", it'll be such a massive step for this country if this one is passed 
For once in a generation the British people made the right choice and voted for #Brexit , in the face of a ruthless propaganda against it waged by their government in cahoots with the EU, and still traitors who are infesting the British political establishment refuse to accept it 
'The UK can have Brexit or it can have the NHS. But the numbers show it's not possible to have both anymore'  
SDLP delegation today met with @UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn and had a productive meeting on how we work together as sister parties to ensure there is no hard border in Ireland and to protect all citizens across these islands from a hard Brexit.  
The Irish Times coverage of #Savethe8th's final press conference yesterday. Ireland will have one of the most liberal abortion regimes in Europe if Friday’s referendum is passed. #VoteNotoAbortion #Savethe8th #8thref 
#Brexit costs update. Cost of settlement: £39 billion. Bank of England lost growth to date  estimate: £25 billion. Hmrc estimate of no customs union deal: £20 billion. Estimate cost of relocation and resupply deals ( oliver wyman) £27 billion. Cumulatively these are huge numbers! 
Latest Ipsos-MORI finds just  34 % of those polled think TMay will get a Brexit deal that is good for Britain, while a clear majority of 63% think she won't 
That will be 7 years after the referendum.  Just stop it now, it is a car crash!!  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
'After today's revelation, we can't deny it any longer: the price of Brexit will be the NHS'  
Leaked dossier reveals details of a £5.6m campaign backed by George Soros to stop Brexit  
I will stand up for myself against Brexit's hypocrisy and double-talk until the end. Or until someone offers me enough ice cream, in which case I'll sell the whole country's souls at the crossroads for a lifetime's supply of Raspberry Ripple and yous can sort it out yourselves 
From across the world, Irish people are making their way #HomeToVote ahead of tomorrow's abortion referendum 
As Ireland prepares to vote in Friday's abortion referendum, Irish men and women are traveling home from around the world to take part  
Have just heard R4’s Mark Mardell’s Wato report on media & Brexit in 80s. Sun’s Kelvin McK says it was all a larf to please Murdoch. Telegraph’s then editor Max Hastings admits he didn’t realise what harm EU Corr Boris was doing with what Brussels colleagues knew were lies 
LETS BE CLEAR-Research shows that Leave voters overwhelming believed they, their families &, indeed, the whole of UK would be BETTER OFF after Brexit. Remember all Leave Campaign's promises of "sunlit uplands of prosperity", "exact same benefits", "we can have our cake & eat it" 
Friends! Terrifying!97% of Our Doctors have now conclusively proved that Brexit is bad for Our Health!But it can be prevented!All we need to do is keep on letting Our EU tell us what to do, and continue paying it >£350m/week, and all will be well!Talk about a simple cure!  
Not good enough @Anna_Soubry. There is no #Brexit which gives us the trading and economic benefits we already have through full #EU membership. No ifs, no buts, #Brexit must be stopped.@Andrew_Adonis @BrexitBin @grahambsi @acgrayling @dontbrexitfixit 
Good to see Leo Varadkar praising the vital work of @RuthCoppingerTD and @ClareDalyTD in pushing the need for this referendum at a time it made him uncomfortable. Hope he pauses to consider the other issues they raise, about which he feels similarly uneasy. #RepealThe8th 
The Daily Mail has exposed our plot, now we need your help to fund it. Help us give the people the final say on the Brexit deal and fight for the right to lead in the European Union.  
20 years of lies and fake news about the EU, all printed in the Brexit loving British press.#wato @LBC #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Is it something abt balding men with names beginning with 'D'?Leading Brexiters admit to #BrexitShambles.When will our 2 main parties concede they've fought the good fight, but #Brexit is unworkable & damaging, so must be dropped in the national interest?#StopBritainSaveBritain 
Last press conference of the Referendum Debate #TooFarForMe @loveboth8 @Savethe8thInfo #VoteNO 
Tomorrow is the most important Human Rights Referendum of our time. This is not for abortion in difficult cases. This is for abortion in difficult cases plus 10,000 healthy babies a year. Its extremely blunt law that will take so many lives. Vote No   
I’ve never been so proud of my grandmother travelling back to Dublin to vote in the abortion referendum despite the fact she hasn’t been back in 12 years. Big fat yes for women’s rights !! #HomeToVoteYes 
Or we could just stop Brexit#PeoplesVote 
You know that Christmas song where he's making a list and checking it twice? well that's me except for people who are on holidays abroad that they booked in full knowledge of when the referendum was 
The Hilary Benn-led Brexit committee has published a report today saying Britain should stay in the customs union indefinitely, an outcome which is looking increasingly likely  
We can deliver your vote and leave the political institutions whilst retaining the economic benefits of the #CommonMarket by joining #EFTA & creating new #CustomsUnion arrangement. Prosperity & peace in #NIreland must prevail over an ideological.   irresponsible no deal #Brexit  
If we get a Brexit that doesn't make Brexit voters happy OR Remain voters happy, calling it the 'Will of the People' is utter madness.#PeoplesVote 
Disgraceful to see @Tobias_Ellwood blocking @VeteransBritain after their perfectly civil offer to meet with him to share research and discuss defence post-Brexit.Why are you attempting to shut down the debate?  
Our former top EU diplomat knows a thing or two about what the EU would accept in #Brexit negotiations. These are his thoughts on a max fac customs union. Read full story here:  
Dominic Cummings and Ivan Rogers are both right. Whatever you thought about Brexit before the government triggered Article 50, it has turned into a shambolic mess. Time for a re-think. pic.twitter.com/LmqXTGIg5K 
“We were told by government at the time that Parliament would respect the result of the referendum, and now they want to reverse it… what is democracy about if you choose to go ahead and reverse that result?” #bbcdp 
Do the BBC ever report Brexit positives? Without scaremongering before the ref, the result may well have been a Brexit landslide. Continued bias not only betrays their supposed impartiality, but also goes against UK interests.  
Brexit, as a concept, is now in full retreat. The best anyone can offer is damage limitation, or postponement.By the time Brexit day approaches, it will be the single most widely hated policy in modern history. Imagine the sheer panic in government. 
I think some people are ever so silly. “I won’t support Jeremy Corbyn because he’s enabling a Tory Brexit”. He actually isn’t. But, by not supporting him, YOU are enabling a Tory Brexit. Which has consequences far worse than if Labour was negotiating. 
Sir Ivan Rogers has crashed the Policy Scotland website with his 11,052 word #Brexit speech. The link is below, but in the interim, here are some excerpts and some commentary - since, as you'd expect, it gives a shrewd account of where #Brexit is now/1 
Delighted to welcome @CharlesMichel to @merrionstreet to talk #Brexit, trade and #futureofeurope. Ireland and Belgium are great allies and have loads in common. 
On the 23rd of June I'll be in London for the #PeoplesVote March. Sign up to join me in demanding a vote on the final Brexit deal:  
Brexit is far more complicated than anyone ever imagined and it’s looking increasingly unlikely to be delivered in a form that will please anybody.  
So Soros wants MPs to vote against any exit deal (according to the Daily Mail).  So thanks for that, George. We’ll end up with a no-deal Brexit, which is an excellent thing. 
"The Brexit secretary, however, and indeed the entire UK government, have been indifferent to the fate of Britons in the EU."  
Dear all -- we've smashed through our £15K target and are now just shy of £20K!! If we hit £30K - then we're all set for the next 6 months of Stop Brexit battle. Please chip in what you can to ensure we get there!  
This is the result of the Divorce Referendum in 1995 -  extremely close. Talk to your friends, neighbours, colleagues and family. Facilitate people to get to polling stations if necessary - every single one  counts and we must get the vote out!#voteyes #togetherforyes 
I call on all my Irish followers to #VoteNOtoabortion I also call on all my followers to pray for Ireland in tomorrows referendum. This is a vital time for the people of Ireland to stand for life & for the people to realise the evil of abortion. Be a voice for the voiceless! 
That’ll be the ADS defence trade body which actively campaigned for a Remain vote in the referendum and for the UK to enter EU Defence arrangements since the referendum.  
LEAKED: Soros-Backed, Multi-Million Pound Plot to Thwart Brexit in Six Months   
My cartoon Thursday @TheTimes....#BorisJohnson touts for his own official aircraft #Brexit  
Another referendum, another confusingly-phrased question on a poorly-designed ballot paper that omits the proposed amendment.Not user-friendly. So:Vote YES/TÁ to #repealthe8th and support the amendment.Vote NO/NÍL to #savethe8th and reject the amendment.#Referendum2018 
Jeremy Corbyn says Labour will not support any Brexit deal that includes a return to a hard border in Northern Ireland.#QUBCorbyn #fmqs #hometovote 
Bold of Ruth Davidson to talk about abandoning policies when it becomes inconvenient, given her dizzying U-turn on Brexit and membership of the single market. #FMQs 
We all know this. But now the Director of Vote Leave, Dominic Cummings, is saying it.  The truth is out; Brexit must be stopped. 
In 1995, @sawdoctors wrote 'Everyday', a song about women leaving Ireland to access abortion services abroad. Written to give a voice to what Davy Carton called ‘Ireland’s deserted women’, it's been re-released with a new video on the eve of the historic abortion referendum.  
As the person who collated every #HomeToVote & #VoterMotor #MotorVoter tweet for the marriage referendum 3y ago I can now confirm that the #RepealThe8th #Together4Yes response is at least 100 (yes 100) times BIGGER! Ireland you’re beautiful! #VoteYes 
BREXIT: Mogg says MPs should respect their constituents vote on #Brexit.. His own constituency voted to Remain  
Corbyn says Labour will not support any Brexit deal that includes a return to a hard border, fails to explain how Labour’s position, as it stands, would solve the border challenge  
My phone continues to autocorrect 'Brexit' to 'Brecht', even after all this incessant jibbering. 
No, the Tories are killing the NHS. Brexit just makes it easier for them.  
Thousands of people are joining us at the March for a People's Vote in London on June 23rd! Let's make it the largest pro-European march in history.Brexit is NOT a done deal, and the people deserve to have a say on the government's deal: #PeoplesVote 
Everyone, please, just read it.  The best hour of your time you'll ever spend on #Brexit, Leaver or Remainer  
Ireland followers, PLEASE make the right decision in the referendum tomorrow. Women deserve to be equal & have control of their own bodies. #Repealthe8th 
Guys, this isn’t an “abortion” referendum tomorrow... it’s a “should women have choice over their own bodies, access to vital medical care when pregnant and basic human rights” referendum.   Get out and vote! #repeal8th #yes 
152 firms moved from #UK to #Germany in 2017, up more than 20% on 2016.  More #British companies investing in Germany ahead of #Brexit  
Is it only me that thinks @LiamFox and his Brexit Trade Department is a waste of money and should be abolished ?He's just got another £5 million of tax payer money to ponce around the globe achieving absolutely NOTHING !RT, if you agree pic.twitter.com/nwW213yJl9 
British Medical Journal calling for a #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit "If we knew that an infectious agent posed a serious threat to the health of our population and we could prevent it"....."regardless of where the threat comes from. With Brexit, the evidence is now very clear"  
Brexit, for Remainers, is like going on holiday with someone who gets completely hammered, starts a fight with the locals, trashes the hotel room and pukes everywhere, and they expect you to defend them, pay for half of the damages and help clean up their vomit.  
My book 'The Good Friday Agreement' is published today!It's about Northern Ireland's peace process 20 years after the Agreement-Inc the impact of Brexit, how power-sharing collapsed and investigations into unsolved Troubles deaths: 
Sir Ivan Rogers’ speech takes just under an hour to read but you'll finish much better informed. One of the best interventions on Brexit I've read: knowledgeable, intellectually and morally consistent, v.elegantly expressed. 
As Ireland prepares to vote in Friday's abortion referendum, Irish men and women are traveling home from around the world to take part  
Hungarian-born billionaire, George Soros is funding 'Best for Britain', a campaign whose aim is to overrule the British people and stop Brexit.We will not allow our democracy to be bought with Soros' filthy money!  Support us at  
I want independence so that the rape clause wont affect women in Scotland. I don't hate Britain I want a better Scotland. I want less austerity and I want a European deal - majority of Scots did not vote for Brexit 
I read the first half of this blog believing its author was Dominic (Grieve) as it was so critical of Brexit, but no, this is the #VoteLeave Dominic & he's mightily pissed off! Funniest bit "handing over 10's of billions for fuck all"! Do share!   
“Labour will not support any #Brexit deal that sees the return of a hard border on this island.” #QUBCorbyn 
. @jeremycorbyn accuses Conservatives of negotiating with themselves over Brexit, rather than the EU. He is applauded for his “no hard border” line 
If you ran this country, you'd want to spend at least half your time sorting out stuff like this in the NHS. Stuff that saves lives. Instead our leaders are entirely obsessed with Brexit, a project they know will impoverish Britain and shows signs of not working out anyway.  
New post: Swiss to hold referendum June 10 on introducing Internet censorship in order to protect domestic gambling.Is it really just maintaining the status quo, if the cost of maintaining that status quo is orders of magnitude higher than it was? 
HELP BEST FOR BRITAIN TAKE ON THE DAILY MAIL:KEEP FIGHTING FOR YOUR RIGHT TO STOP BREXIT  
Remainer’s best hope of stopping Brexit is delay, delay, delay. And this is exactly what May is doing. Time for Tory Brexiters to replace her with someone who believes in Brexit, or face the wrath of the electorate.   
"#Brexit in any form is bad for people’s health and will cause inevitable food shortages in the United Kingdom, according to the latest issue of British Medical Journal." 
Oh my. The tweets from people going #hometovote in the Irish abortion rights referendum. Proper don't-cry-in-the-office stuff, I warn you.And it's not just women. Men spending €000s on plane tickets halfway round the world is some proper fucking solidarity, hats off  
I don’t understand the people who aren’t voting and their excuse is that they’re either not bothered or don’t know enough information about the referendum like people have literally DIED for voting rights so do your research and USE YOUR VOTE TOMORROW 
So amazing to see all these people travelling #hometovote from across the world. #itsTime #repealthe8th #Together4Yes  “Thousands travel home to Ireland to vote in abortion referendum” #solidarity 
NEWS! Every man, woman, and child a saboteur engaged in plot to overthrow Brexit, claims Daily Mail  
There shouldn't even be a first transition period let alone a second. Will someone please take the initiative & remove her from office....get in a Brexiteer to deliver Brexit....we must leave & leave now....no transition, no 'divorce' payments....we're better than that.  
So Theresa May is about to ask the EU to extend the Brexit transition to 2023. Because Leavers still don't have a plan. And how will Labour react to this? Support it? Insist we leave sooner? Who knows?Best just to revoke A50 and Remain.#StopBrexit 
Live Now: @jeremycorbyn takes a bow and is now live at Queen's. Tune in and join the conversation.#Brexit #Politics @UKLabour 
why did people go on their summer holidays just a day or two before the referendum GET BACK HERE YOU SHAMS 
Everything is about #brexit.It is a Tsunami. Anyone who thinks there is anything in politics that is more important - really doesn't understand what #brexit is about.There is nothing else that is comparable - & EVERYTHING else will be deeply affected for 30+ yrs. 
Suella Fernandes / Braverman told Question Time last year that there would be no Brexit divorce bill, and that it was just #ProjectFear.Maybe, we shouldn't be listening to Suella anymore. @mrjamesob @LBC 
But I thought Brexit made Britain and embarrassment and that no one wanted to live in the UK after???   
Leaked dossier 'reveals details of a £6 million campaign backed by foreign billionaire George #Soros to keep Britain in the EU'  #Brexit  
Brexit News:  PM wants to keep Customs Union until 2023 or longer, 6yrs after our vote to leave (essentially tied to the EU) is completely unacceptable with added burden of more money to Brussels & mass immigration, not convinced Gov will ever enact ref result. 
“We’re being messed about so much by Brexit, it’s time that proper control of what is basically a resource belonging to Scotland should be in the hands of Scotland and the Scottish Parliament.” 
Partido Popular (!!) condemned for corruption and Rajoy's former treasurer condemned to 33 years in prison. The law, the law!! Now what @marianorajoy? Corruption is acceptable for PP but holding a democratic referendum deserves preventive jail and collective harassment, right?  
Gov't is systematically dismantling Brexit, doing enough can kicking to fight ANOTHER GE on delivering it. The Labour alternative? A freak show of finger-wagging, incompetents, who'd bring the UK to its knees.What a choice. 
Best for Soros!George Soros:Billionaire who doesn't live in UK.Will stop at nothing with his elitist friends to stop Brexit.Deceitfully masking their plans as a people's vote.Shamefully, denying poorest in our society from benefiting from #Brexit#EU 
Any suggestion that the UK, as the world's 5th largest economy, cannot operate without being shackled to an undemocratic, protectionist, expansionist, quagmire of lobbying in Brussels, can only come from a coward.#Brexit = Freedom to take our rightful place in the world. 
People are traveling thousands of miles from around the world to vote in Friday's abortion referendum in Ireland 
Brexit betrayal: Theresa May to ask the EU for a second transition period to run until 2023, including 'regulatory alignment', i.e. continuing to impose hugely costly EU red tape on the UK:  
Dominic Cummings #FBPE !?! In his latest blog he tells the truth about Brexit and makes the case for the #PeoplesVote! @Will_DryOFOC explains... pic.twitter.com/Lz8ptBH6Bx 
Hello Dorries63 Conservative held seats voted to remain in the EU.That is a load of new @LibDems MP's. Is this another one of your plans to "take back control" that you have not quite thought through?#Brexit #PeoplesVote #Conservatives  
As Brexit crunch approaches, does Brexit make Scottish independence more or less likely?  RT 
Theresa May 'set to beg Brussels for another Brexit transition lasting to 2023' 
All Brexit options are worse than what we now have. We need a #PeoplesVote with clear option to ditch the sorry mess entirely. 
And for all our followers in the UK: remember, abortion is STILL illegal in one part of the UK: Northern Ireland. This Irish #repealthe8th referendum doesn’t change that. It’s up to you now to also support your Northern Irish sisters and pressure YOUR parliament for change in NI. 
Once again for "That's Not My Brexit!"  
As ever with Brexit, it's worth consulting experts to get a true picture of situation, rather than listening to government waffle and spin. 'Galileo satellites illuminate EU-UK divorce tensions. British industry likely to end up in a weaker position' 
Award for the most insane comment throughout the whole referendum goes to Estella. Congratulations.   
Brexit Minister Suella Braverman used to claim we wouldn't have to pay a Brexit Divorce bill.Now she's admitting that not only will we pay it, there's no guarantee of a trade deal after. This is why so many are calling for a #PeoplesVote. Pls RT: 
The gradual realisation that Brexit in fact equals red tape. 
Theresa May claims UK needs another transition period which could delay Brexit to 2023  
This referendum is the first time ever, in any country, in any democracy that human rights might be taken away by popular vote.It's no use hiding behind personal choice, a Yes vote is a vote not just for the government's abortion bill but for all subsequent expansions.#VoteNo 
The Great British Public are optimistic about our post-Brexit future! 
Living in the past is what's got us in this mess in the first place. I live in the present so I back @LibDems: they alone offer an exit from Brexit.  
EU parliament cut microphone on UK MEPDo you find the EU echo chamber intimidating?@GerardBattenMEP:“No, I grew up in the East End of London, it would take more than that to intimidate me!”“I did not interrupt you, so do not interrupt me!"#Brexit #EU 
Coming up next on @PatKennyNT to talk about tomorrow’s referendum and why I’m voting #Yes #Together4Yes 
just want to say as you're voting tomorrow please keep in your thoughts all the immigrants, refugees, asylum seekers, non-naturalised people and people in direct provision who cannot make their voices heard in this referendum for so many reasons 
So Post Brexit the UKgov is considering paying the EU double the amount it paid as a member *just* to be able to trade with EUThat means it'll cost Scotland twice as much to trade with the EU than it cost being a member of the EU despite voting to remain... 
In our latest @CakeWatchCast I describe Brexit as being built on sand, and it's crumbling, and we have to direct a hose at that sand to get it crumbling faster, because we only have a few months. It will collapse, but if that happens after March next year, it's too late. 
Three years ago I voted Yes to legalise marriage equality. I was 18 years old, just about to sit my leaving cert, and I had no personal feelings tied to the referendum. A year on from the referendum, I came to the realisation that I was gay. 
Spare a thought for @PresidentIRL Michael D. pro-choice since the 80's but forbidden from speaking on it during the referendum.  
It's not even 10am and I'm already bawling over the referendum. Emotions are running wild today, and I'm sure it's the same for everyone else. Take care of yourselves x 
#Brexit Can the usual crybabies stop crying  about Brexit everyday FFS. We voted 17 million voted leave the EU. We’re leaving  The Customs Union & The Single Market OK. It’s never ending morning noon & night. Stop trying to derail Brexit. Your boring 17 million to death.  
Stop Brexit blather and face reality on trade, says ex-EU ambassador  
Tory Election Manifesto 2022“Brexit means Brexit - and we’re going to deliver it.” 
We call on all Irish people to vote YES at tomorrow’s referendum! Repealing the 8th amendment will bring hope to all Irish women and be the first step towards securing their right to decide over their own bodies, families and future!  #VoteYes #RepealThe8th #MyBodyMyChoice 
Anyone else notice the £ has fallen from $1.43 to $1.34 in little over a month? The magic of Brexit.  
So the Daily Mail come out finally with an expose on the Criminal acts of Remainers to subvert Brexit.Soros and his cronies have put 5.6million into stopping Brexit.This must be the subject of Govt investigationWe must stop this 
The only thing the Daily Mail EXPOSED was that Best For Britain think Brexit is a total disaster and are doing something about it! Do donate if u can !  
.@LeaveMnsLeave board member @OwenPaterson: “The cynical plan to manipulate the British voter and stop Brexit has now been laid bare"  
Episode 56 of @thehighlowshow - on Ireland's abortion referendum (featuring a brilliant and informative interview with @Czaroline) and a deep-dive into the royal wedding: 
ICYMI: the Cummings letter; the Ivan Rogers Glasgow speech; rumours of a 'T2' second transition request... we are now watching the Brexit train hit the end of the line. This is winnable - we can stop this! pic.twitter.com/9R9VgNqK6h 
This is not an "issue of policy" - This is a constitutional question fundamentally about who governs us. Only a referendum can or should decide on those such matters. We voted not to be governed by a supreme government for Europe.  
17) finally, much of what has been said about #Brexit, but particularly by Brexiters is nonsense.In leaving we trade one set of "upsides" for a significant set of downsides. Only by confronting those as a nation can we get to a realistic and worthwhile decision 
Can’t believe the Daily Mail uncovered our ‘plot’They must have worked hard to..read our website and follow our twitter feed ?!We need to keep funding the movement that wants to Stop Brexit *completely*It’s this year. It’s game on.Help the fightback: 
Want to do what’s Best for Britain and Stop Brexit? The Daily Mail want to silence us againWe’re fighting back The fight is this year to keep in the EU. We have no other aimPlease donate what you can and spread the word - thank you  
David Davis MP was criminally negligent in campaigning so hard for Brexit - an idea HE SOLD THE BRITISH PEOPLE - despite having no idea of the truth.A salesman who flogs you a toxic, dangerous product and who couldn't be arsed to research the real risks belongs in prison.  
1. Interesting story @BrunoBrussels @SamCoatesTimes @elliotttimes this morning about PM asking for 2nd Brexit transition period while customs sorted out - one cabintet minister told me ‘PM has no choice’ but to do something like that in next couple of weeks 
The headlines in the right-wing press are not about facts, they are about creating the fear, hatred and paranoia that will stop people listening to reasons and will make them automatically distrust Remainers. They are headlines that destroy democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
FT & Times report Brexit setbacks, but Mail conveniently “discovers”a Hungarian-style Remain plot to thwart it, complete with Jewish financier. Would we say another dishonest Mail Brexit splash is worth at least £6 million - every day ?  
Yes: a lot of experience and good sense from Rogers - but I disagree re Remain: we are in the EU now, things work extremely well and to the UK's benefit, stopping Brexit simply keeps that going. What we cannot go back to is the political & constitutional mess that caused Brexit.  
Brexit was driven by uncontrolled immigration, it can only be resolved by controlled repatriation  
We want better government, not another independence referendum.RETWEET if you agree.  
THIS!  THIS IS THE BEST TWEET!Use @HouseofCommons recess to train MPs on EU / FTAs / WTO etc etc so they are finally aware of what they’re talking about and voting on with BrexitThis needs a petition! @GuitarMoog@EmporersNewC@Femi_Sorry@StevePeers 
Brexit has really done a number on remainer sanity hasn't it? I was there in the early days of UKIP and we had some whacky racers of our own but nothing on this scale or level of derangement. 
On my way to Dublin. Straight forward agenda: #Brexit consultations and border visit. Curious to see the invisible.  
After four months of abstention I've relapsed. A Brexit piece. Alas.  
NUI grads, do you really want to be represented by someone as judgemental, arrogant and cold heated at Senator Ronan Mullen. Please, at the next Seanad election, remember his disgusting response to Saoirse on #PKShow referendum debate, and unseat him. 
Soros backed group spending £5.6 million to try to stop Brexit. This out-of-touch anti-democratic cabal of Remoaners is showing its true colours in fighting against the decided will of the British people.  
'EU wrong to reserve premium Galileo services to fee-paying member states thus excluding post-#Brexit UK,' says the @Telegraph which won't give you access to that story unless you're a fee-paying subscriber to its premium services.#SeeWhatIdidThere?#Tories #BBCdp #lbc #r4today 
The worry for many like me is remaining in a Brexit UK. Leaving 28 countries in a Union to be 4 countries in a Union run by the Tories & DUP. Putting human rights (which never expire) & workers rights etc back in their hands based on what has happened recently, is terrifying 
I suggest a referendum to be held for Karachi to ascertain the public pulse and their demand for an autonomous administrative unit. #کراچی_کو_صوبہ_بناؤ 
Ireland may be about to repeal one of Europe's strictest abortion laws. This is the history behind the referendum  
Thousands of Irish people are going #hometovote in the abortion referendum.  
It’s hard to imagine a more stupid look than a Brexit leader complaining that it’s all going wrong when this was partially their idea, they had 40 years to prepare, and this is the one chance they’ll get.  
On top of the £900 per household Brexit is costing you?  
Theresa May claims UK needs ANOTHER transition period which could DELAY Brexit to 2023  If true, then @theresa_may is not up to the job & shd feck off and leave it to someone who is 
But why do we need to when Brexit is going to deliver an extra £350m per week?  
And Brexit has already cost £900 per household per year. Brexit is killing the NHS.  
A reminder that Ivan Rogers was effectively ousted for saying Brexit would take ten years. One year on and the government is already admitting it will take at least seven.  
Man who ran Brexit campaign on the costly shambles of Brexit. Read it here cos you won't hear it on the Beeb  
‘If Brexit happens, Europe will collapse. It cannot survive’. An interview with Bernard-Henri Lévy  
‘@TiceRichard: “George Soros, the billionaire who does not live in the UK, will stop at nothing with his elitist friends to stop Brexit, deceitfully masking their plans as a people’s vote.”  
Another anti-Brexit plot backed by George Soros. This man will stop at nothing.  
1) Sir Ivan Rogers speech, a sobering & devastating speech from our former leading EU diplomat on #Brexit, its history and the UK position.Should be read by *everyone* however I'll pull out a few key points in this thread 
Actual cost of UK EU membership: £155 million a week (not the £350m red bus figure)Probable cost of customs arrangement alone: £385 million a week.Who still says Brexit is a good idea? #FBPE #StopBrexit 
I don’t agree with every word of Ivan Rogers’ incredible speech, but bloody hell, when he speaks on Brexit everyone, including MPs and ministers, on all sides should listen. This is speaking truth to power!Highlights below. Working link to full text:  
Why isn't this guy on the BBC?The Van Driver Being Put Out Of Business By Brexit  
"Leave means Leave"#Galileo #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeaveBuy the book! Turn on notifications for @SKZAnnounce to never miss a strip! 
Some personal news: I really could not have asked for a better first job, but I am sorry to announce that, two years on from the EU referendum, I will be leaving my friends and colleagues at @BrexitCentral at the end of June. 
The EU is run by a failed politician from Luxembourg (pop 500K, same as Sheffield).Trade/business policies by folks who've never worked outside academe or 'public admin'. NO commercial experience..not even a whelk stallAnd there's no way for us to remove themViva Brexit!  
"I didn't even book a return flight. I just knew I wasn't going to miss the chance to vote in this Referendum."Hundreds of people returning #hometovote in the hours ahead. Here are the voices of just some of them. #8thRef 
Send them the @Scientists4EU paper that was presented to Parliament before the referendum.  
The Taoiseach told FG TDs and Senators last night that whatever the referendum result is,  there will be no cause for celebration. @rtepolitics @rtenews 
It's a scoop lads. A gold plated scoop. Anti-Brexit group trying to stop Brexit. 
Fucking hell guys I think Best for Britain want to stop Brexit. 
Grenfell Windrush The NHS crisis Brexit & Cambridge Analytica ......This govt are grossly failing & cheating the people they purport to be working for. #PMQs 
I am going to put up £1000.00 of my own money if a Brexiter can give me just one, genuine, deliverable Brexit benefit. 
As UK Brexit negotiators go to war with Brussels over its decision to exclude us from Galileo European GPS system, ex EU ambo Rogers reminds that Britain tried to kill the project at birth. So perhaps not surprising that Barnier and co playing hardball. 
Sir Ivan Rogers' survey of what Brexit means feels like the last hurrah for the country we once were and the civil service we once enjoyed: expert, thoughtful, independent, honest.A must read (via @LordRickettsP).  
On my way to Warsaw to talk Trade, Brexit & very strong   friendship. More than perhaps any other EU country,  has a big stake in *every* aspect of Brexit: citizens, Budget, big trade & investment flows, defence/ security cooperation & more.  
Project Fear DEFEATED: Poll reveals UK public can’t WAIT for Brexit Britain  
We don't ask France for share of grapes on wine sales!' Fisherman's stunning Brexit point  
It’s obviously a bit difficult for Leavers to say why Brexit will be good for the country.So I’ve taken to asking what’s in it for them personally.  What are they looking for from Brexit to make their lives better.This ought to be easier, but I haven’t had an answer yet 
Walk away.      Only way.     Theresa May claims UK needs ANOTHER transition period which could DELAY Brexit to 2023  
This shows the anti-Brexit campaign is winning. Time to redouble efforts, starting with a united Labour vote in Commons to support of the Lords amendments on Customs Union & EEA. Then on to ‘people’s vote’ to stop the catastrophe entirely  
The Govt’s ‘max fac’ customs plan to cost £17-20bn a year. That’s 2x our EU net contribution.Brexit has also shrunk GDP growth by 2% in 2 years... again about 2x our net contrib (at ~0.5% GDP).Our EU investment builds Single Market for us.Brexit is a rash bonfire of money.  
Can we afford Brexit now it appears the customs issue could cost twice as much as we currently pay to be in the EU? The high tech border option could cost up to £20bn a year while Theresa May's customs partnership would be almost free - but could be illegal. So where now? 
I read in today’s Daily Mail that a massive fund has been assembled to oppose Brexit & the states will of the British people. George Soros is behind this campaign to swamp our public places with subversive anti-brexit posters & images. Look out for them:be aware of subversion 
#Brexit can't be allowed to undermine the Good Friday Agreement - the easiest and sure way to avoid a hard border in Ireland and help preserve peace, is to stay as we are!  
George Soros financed plot to stop Brexit exposed in the Daily Mail. £5.6m to be spent to derail the democratic referendum result. And if that isn't collusion with a foreign power I don't know what is!@afneil @KTHopkins @Nigel_Farage @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Arron_banks @JuliaHB1 
This report confirms JLR view that UK car sales are down "because of Brexit", and that their latest quarterly profit was almost halved.Oh, and that their laying off 1,000 workers in Solihull. (I'm not yet sure if this is a NEW announcement.)   
READ | £5.6m. Small change compared to the billions accumulated by Soros at our expense.Soros is to Brexit what Ernst Stavro Blofeld is to Bond, only more ruthless. Expect more diabolical scheming over the coming months. 
i've never actually met @Bubblenoma, but i proudly called her 'my friend linda' when talking to someone about the referendum yesterday.  we wouldn't even have the chance to go out to vote yes tomorrow if it wasn't for the work she and others have done for the people of Ireland 
Households must pay an extra £2000 a year if NHS is to have even modest improvements over next 15 years. Meanwhile we are squandering billions on a misbegotten Brexit that will leave us poorer. Indefensible. 
Soros, Soubry, Juncker etc have proven Tony Benn right.The EU is anti-democratic. That's why people voted #Brexit - to get their Country back   
How Facebook is influencing the Irish abortion referendum  
On the eve of the Irish Abortion referendum starting at 10pm tonight in St Joseph’s we begin 8 hours of Eucharistic Adoration through the night to #savethe8th - ending at 6am tomorrow morning with the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. “Will you watch with me one hour?" Please join us!! 
.@TiceRichard: "George Soros, the billionaire who does not live in the UK, will stop at nothing with his elitist friends to stop Brexit, deceitfully masking their plans as a people's vote."  
The EU meant I could start a small business which worked across 28 countries flawlessly and the rest of the world with great deals. It also meant I could meet my lovely German girlfriend. Brexit killed my business, losing FoM will finish my relationship. 
Actually, all forms of Brexit are bad for your health. Just the vote for Brexit has hit NHS staffing & finances which were already in a critical state thanks to austerity.  
This referendum is unequivocally about the women of Ireland - present and future - but I’m also hopeful that my little boy will grow up in a world where he just takes it for granted that men and women are equal. #fortheboystoo #together4yes #repealthe8th 
Brexit is a collective failure of British elites. Just pointing and laughing at Westminster isn't enough. Whitehall, academia, business, the military, the City all have to take a hard look at their own contribution to the UK's self-relegation from great power status 
Each day brings us closer to #Brexit with no meaningful progress on critical issues. The decision to trigger #A50 with such indecent haste - with no consensus, preparation or plan - is surely the most catastrophically stupid political decision of our lifetime. #PeoplesVote 
The Mail has exposed a plot by the pro-Remain ‘Best for Britain’ group to spend £5.6 million to persuade MPs to vote down whatever Brexit deal is agreed in October. It will use advertising, social media, etc.Remember when the Gov’t spent £8million on a #Remain leaflet? 
You voted for Brexit, and we have spent BILLIONS on developing plans for a post Brexit world (which will be a disaster), so I am afraid there is no money left for the NHS Mr and Mrs Brexiter.  Suck it up.  You won.  #r4today 
HMRC boss, answering Tory MP on whether he’d been asked by government to come up with other customs options: “Running two, at this level of depth, is a pretty significant task. We’ve employed 1100 staff to work on Brexit. I think two is enough”Brexit= money down drain#r4today 
Even the best political satire falls short of the ridiculousness of Brexit reality.#StopBrexitCare of Peter Brookes. 
.@Tobias_Ellwood Sorry to see you have blocked @VeteransBritain who have been patiently, consistently and courteously raising concerns about #UK's 'integration' with #EU defence structures for a long time now. Your action seems to confirm that concerns are well-placed! #Brexit  
#Brexit is bad for our health and can be prevented, argue Mike Gill @martinmckee @fgodlee @malloch_brown  
HMRC have 1,100 staff working on the customs arrangements proposed by our Brexit government. Conclusion, they will cost billions and take years to implement, if ever. There is a working Customs Union right now which everyone agrees is optimal for business! 
BREXIT REALITY-Freelance & contract workers also getting shafted. A client can call on Fri pm asking you to be on-site somewhere in EU on Mon am-No problem now-but post Brexit that call isnt going to come because before you go you need work permit & visa these take time to get 
Tech For UK is extremely proud to be working with @BestForBritain on its openly-declared, democratic & lawful campaign. The Tech Industry ALSO wants a meaningful vote on Brexit.   Please RT 
Project Fear DEFEATED: Poll reveals UK public can’t WAIT for Brexit Britain  
Older Remainers are mainly professional people, experienced & v knowledgable in their particular field.  When we talk about the extreme risks of Brexit, we say this because we care about the UK, it’s people & our families.No we lost, you won revenge.  Brexit will be a disaster. 
Debate on EU (Withdrawal) Bill returns to the Commons in June.It´s time to crank up the lobbying of MPs and party leaders.Demand a #PeoplesVote.Make sure they know how you feel about Brexit. Make it personal.#StopBrexit 
Independence or #Brexit - it’s a no brainer #ScotRef #Indyref2 
US pro-life campaigners accused of foreign interference in Irish abortion referendum  
£350 million for the NHS: How the Brexit bus pledge is coming true  
On the eve of the referendum I urge you to reflect back on the traumatising stories you have heard and the tremendous bravery women have shown in Ireland. I urge you to put yourself in the shoes of a woman in a crisis pregnancy, a terminally ill cancer patient // 
Ivan Rogers on Brexit challenges  
"You can dance around the fundamental issues all you want but in the end ‘reality cannot be fooled’."#Brexit in the most perfect of nutshells.... 
Health professionals have a duty to warn that Brexit is bad for health & push for #PeoplesVote @fgodlee , @malloch_brown Mike Gill & I make the case @BMJ_latest 
Good morning all...the news today is #Brexit is the biggest act of national harm the UK has ever undertaken. The news will same tomorrow and the day after..  
Complex thread at first but worth reading. Indicative of MoD Remainer mentality infecting serving officers.  BZ to @VeteransBritain for keeping up the fight.  We must not leave our forces behind when we (eventually) #Brexit.Original daily #Brexit news:  
After Brexit the UK should be able to make our own decisions & debate issues the EU have stopped us discussing. The death penalty is 1 of those issues where it would be legal to reintroduce it after Brexit. So what is everyone’s view?  
Counting down to the most important decision the people of the Republic of Ireland will ever make, Friday's Referendum on Life. It should turn stomachs that people are being asked to vote on life & death. #Life is the most precious gift of God. #savethe8th  
Today’s Daily Mail has a full, leaked dossier from Best for Britain, the fanatical Remain Group, on a £6 million plan backed by billionaire George Soros to overturn Brexit. Of course it can only work if our two major parties allow it to. Reassured? 
Pretty crazy that Google has banned ads in the Irish referendum on abortion.  
Not long to go. Independence will happen. Unionists are out of bullets. They can’t flog us a devalued currency. They can’t recycle the 2014 lies. BREXIT will bust the economic case for union. Scots will reject the option to live in a xenophobic Toryland. A union that ignores us.  
May’s government has been utterly pathetic in its approach to Brexit negotiations. It has needlessly given in at every stage. The ineptitude of our govt has been quite staggering and is a betrayal of those who voted Leave.    
Think the Tories have suddenly gone “green” with their #Plastic and #AirQuality announcements? Think again!They are dressing up EU strategies as their own with NO reference to the EU.This is giving people a false sense that the Tories care - but what happens post-Brexit?  
Thanks for using your platform to support this, Katie. I don't get to vote unfortunately (I've been out of Ireland for too long), but I am incredibly invested in this referendum. #trustwomen #repealthe8th 
The U.S. Pro Life lobby is currently trying to influence the abortion referendum in Ireland again. Facebook has banned all foreign ads. 
Carry on Brussels on #C4 painted a nuanced picture of our MEPs - and a truly damning one of UKIP. A huge shame that such in-depth documentaries about British MEPs hadn’t been made before the referendum. Instead, media in UK (not least BBC) effectively ignored EU parliament/MEPs 
I really want Scotland to have another referendum on leaving the UK not because I want Scotland to leave, but because I want to see the absurd spectacle of Brexiters using Remainers arguments to argue for Scotland remaining within the UK. 
UK legally bound to pay £39bn Brexit 'divorce bill' before EU trade deal agreed, admits minister.We are pouring money down the drain of Brexit. We were told it would save money. Instead, it’s costing us dearly.Let’s #StopBrexjt and fund our NHS instead 
It's fascinating how opponents of Corbyn think attacking him over BREXIT is more important than attacking the party in government who engineered and propagated it to appease the far right. 
Irish abortion referendum: The women travelling #HomeToVote 
It's not a difficult choice Tory Austerity & Tory Brexit or an Independent Scotland.... You Decide......  
MAY IS SAID TO ASK EU FOR NEW BREXIT TRANSITION TILL 2023:TIMES 
“Oh I’m so sick of it will this referendum never end”So sorry, Jan. It’s been a few hundred years for women so maybe shut your spearmint mouth for 5 seconds and we can get back to talking about GDPR and Meghan Markle on Saturday. 
My nanny is in Rome seeing the pope at 8.30 tomorrow morning and is flying back Thursday evening so she can vote Yes in the referendum on Friday the bitch is mad I love it 
Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn'.The Brexit customs system favoured by Boris Johnson could cost £20bn a year, the head of @HMRCgovuk says.The figure is higher than the £13bn UK funding to the EU in 2016.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
People asked why M&S described whisky from Norfolk as English whisky on their website when whisky from Scotland was categorised as British. M&S admitted they had made a mistake. Stop whipping up resentment, did you learn nothing from the Brexit debate? 
The future is all about your children &  your grandchildren!A future under years of Westminster Tory ruleorA future in an independent ScotlandIt's a simple choice!"YES" for a better future#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Scotland#Independence 
Brexit: looks like so-called “project fear” underestimated the cost of Boris Johnson and Jacob Reed-Mogg! Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn'  @LibDems @BBCPolitics @mrjamesob @PickardJE 
We have never hidden our agenda, we want to stop Brexit democratically.Agree? Sign up at   Please RT 
Brexit is supposed to be government policy. It is supposed to be a Tory manifesto promise. The country explicitly voted for it.It is as indefensible as it is revealing that Theresa May surrounds herself with Remainers.  
The Labour/Tory Brexit alternative...Cashier: Sorry, there is nothing on the shelves.Me: oh, thats ok I will just look at my blue passport. 
The @irishtimes editorial position on the referendum  
Watching #PKshow a little late but think Pat Kenny was an exemplary host. In my opinion the referendum debates needed rigorous and regular fact checking and we got that. #repealthe8th 
CHALLENGE for Chief Minister Sindh. Let’s have a referendum in Pakistan’s largest city whether its residents want a province of their own or not. I am sure people of #Karachi know what their future should be like.#WeWantKarachiProvince#کراچی_کو_صوبہ_بناؤ 
Oh Dear!The SNP lost the referendum in 2014 when we were all going to be £5000 better off with a free iPad.This time around it's only £4,100 & no iPad!  
The YouGov poll lead for those who think it was wrong to leave the EU continues to grow. How could it be democratic to force through a massive change like #Brexit when the majority believes it to be an error? #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Listen to this interview to see why Brexit is crazy:The van driver being put out of business by Brexit.Leaving the EU will destroy thousands of people’s livelihoods.MPs can’t press on with Brexit with this kind of evidence.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
Revealed in @MailOnline the secret plan to scupper Brexit funded by foreign billionaire George Soros 
Please let everyone know what an invidious & rotten plot this is to undermine Brexit @DailyMailUK 
At what point will the majority of MPs who acquiesce in Brexit while privately believing it amounts to a destructive assault on the very fabric of the British state decide it is their duty to say so? Ever? 
I am assuming it’s Boris Johnson, Liam Fox and Michael Gove that are plotting to “subvert Brexit”.  After all, it is their “max-fac” customs model that is set to cost the UK £20 billion per year once we leave the EU.  Who would vote for that!  
Stopped by in the town of schengen - fascinating place where WW2 started ... they are deeply upset by brexit  
Everyone sprinkle this on your cornflakes on Friday morning. There will be no "compromise referendum". If you want any change at all, you must vote YES. #repealthe8th 
“Mental health has no evidence base”. “Regardless of whatever you’ve done.” He was horrendous & offensive in the marriage referendum, why do the Irish forces of oppression keep getting him to do their debating? I’d have him fired along time ago. #PKShow 
'If you're surprised that Boris Johnson wants a Brexit plane, you've forgotten how much of your money this spoilt brat already wasted'  
EU rejects May's backstop plan, HMRC reveals Brexit will cost business £20bn, Carney reveals it's already cost every family £900, Vote Leave director says Brexit "botched", Gove snipes & BoJo wants a jet. Brexit really going well. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Project Fear DEFEATED: Poll reveals UK public can’t WAIT for Brexit Britain  
That awkward moment when Campaign Director of Vote Leave says Brexit will be a "train wreck."... but it's not his fault. #Cockwomble  
The one thing #Brexit has revealed that no one expected was that a vast chunk of the British political establishment and the whole of the British mainstream media are serving Brussels and Berlin and not Britain. It was worth finding this out. 
I’m miserably under the weather with what I can only conclude is a referendum related virus (!) but I’m really glad I’m watching #PKShow.Super job by @ReginaDo and @Colmogorman. 
In this twitter conversation I am confident that I am the only who has spoken to Corbyn or campaigned with him during the EU referendum, so you're talking bollocks. And please read my book Don't let My past be your future where I speak of why we lost the referendum.  
Thursday’s Mail: Plot to subvert Brexit exposed #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis) 
Im voting yes but not for 1 minute do i trust 1 word out of Harris ,Varadkar or FG mouths , Im convinced this referendum is a vote catching exercise as the only thing these people care about is re-election, To see the care Harris and Co have for women just look at #cervicalcheck 
He’s now adopted Lib Dem policy of electing the House of Lords. Perhaps he’ll now also adopt our policy on a people’s vote on any Brexit deal.  
DAILY MAIL: Plot to subvert Brexit Exposed #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Claire Cullen-Delsol was forced to give birth to her dead child because of Ireland's restrictive laws on abortion. Her story is just one of many causing such a divide in Ireland ahead of Friday's referendum, where people will vote on the country's Eight Amendment  
#PKShow please, please let this referendum pass on Friday. I honestly cannot go through this debate again. I was 14 the last time 49 now. Will I have to argue for my rights again when I'm 84? 
EU commissioner: "The UK spent all of its time opting-out. Now it wants to opt-in." #Brexit#EU27 
Of course the Brexit divorce bill doesn’t guarantee a future trade deal. The bill covers Britain’s financial commitments as a contracted EU member. Any free trade deal would be Britain’s relationship with the EU after it has left. Not exactly rocket science. 
Boris Johnson’s favoured Brexit customs plan would cost businesses up to £20 billion a year, HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) chiefs have told MPs  
Ireland may be about to repeal one of Europe's strictest abortion laws. This is the history behind the referendum  
Fascinating watching ITV news talk about Ireland's abortion referendum. Pan to a small village & proceed to ask 4 white older gentleman whether women should be able to choose to have an abortion.  Yes yes yes should be the answer. Yes to valuing women & their fundamental rights. 
The simple fact is Theresa May is going to bottle Brexit and as her entire government shows both incompetence and corruption, a new election must be called to decide Brexit. #MaxFac 
.@SebDance: “London didn’t vote for Brexit and it would break my heart if it became culturally less-diverse, less of a hub for business, culture, expertise and talent. I want to fight for that as much as possible.”We all very much appreciate your fight, Seb.  
Super-proud of lovely @SebDance fighting for the rights of UK citizens during tortuous Brexit negotiations and having to deal with Gerrard's tantrums, which solve absolutely nothing, banging on over his left shoulder. #CarryOnBrussels 
Not a single pro-#Brexit MP has come up with a good answer to .@SODEMAction's question: "How will #Brexit benefit the British people?" After two years, you'd think they'd be able to name ONE concrete benefit of this, the biggest constitutional change since the break with Rome.  
Both of you race bait the public white men in particular, and can't take the heat when yies get it bk. Instead of listening to public concerns you have deemed it hate speech be it immigration religious beliefs or Brexit. Unintended consequences is the term  
#carryonbrussels is doing more for the pro Brexit campaign than any of the politicians did building up to the vote. It's not a democratic parliament,  it's a gang of school kids bullying the kids who don't fall in line. Absolute shambles 
The post-Brexit customs system favoured by leading Brexiteers like Boris Johnson could cost businesses up to £20bn a year, according to the head of HMRC. Why should we leave the Customs Union?  
You spelled "Brexit" wrong.  
If the point of Brexit is "show the British establishment can't deliver the things which a majority of people want" then it is going rather well. I am surprised more people in the establishment aren't aware of this + worried about where this ends up 
Peter Brookes on Boris Johnson saying he would like 'Brexit plane' to travel the world - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Intellectual heavyweight and lead Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg Vs Intellectual non participant #Brexit#Moggmentum 
BREXIT CHAOS: Former Vote Leave Director brands May's Brexit strategy 'botched' & 'stupid' / #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Amazing..BBC News at 10 reporting that head of HMRC says Brexit could cost UK businesses up to £20bn a year.This is getting serious. 
How many of the anti Brexit peers are still in receipt of govt patronage and preferment? @GavinBarwell  get a grip 
Am slightly amazed that the govt continues to offer patronage to anti Brexit peers, while Labour is left free to offer their abolition. 
FINANCIAL TIMES: ‘Max Fac’ Brexit deal to cost £20bn a year for business, says tax chief #tomorrowspaperstoday 
At the moment 60% of Britain’s fishing stock, worth £650million a year, is caught by foreign vessels from the EU. Fishermen & their communities will have a new lease of life post Brexit, if our fishermen have that 60% made available again. 
Am looking for help here as to how Labour are opposing Brexit. Genuine question as I don’t think I am distorting the truth at all. The country deserves an official opposition party who do their job. #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit 
The day the Brexeratti, Brexoffenders, Xenophobes and Racists respect the fact that the referendum was advisory only is the day I respect the referendum vote. 
#Brexit is one of the most important issues of our generation. Our cause is borne out of genuine concern for our future, yet we apparently 'damage' our cause by asking #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe? We NEED to ask these questions & we NEED answers before it's too late. #StopBrexit 
This man says he's not an MP. We think he's lying. He looks rather like @AWMurrison who was on @SkyNews in the same tie with the same face. Would a Tory lie to us? According to him asking how Brexit will affect us all is damaging to our cause. OR could it be damaging to his?  
Great evening with @lucyvsalek in Lewisham. Lab voters supporting our call for a people’s vote on Brexit deal #FBPE 
‘If you're surprised that Boris Johnson wants a Brexit plane, you've forgotten how much of your money this spoilt brat already wasted.’ 
Lovely evening to be going to @SkyNews papers to hear blinkered @toryboypierce pretend Brexit’s going ever so well. Nurse! 
The Pride Parade event is live   2018 is a massive year in Ireland and we REALLY hope that on June 30th we can all celebrate a YES vote in the #RepealTheEighth referendum. Please use your vote and let's make Ireland a fairer and safer society for all.  
When the ex-director of Vote Leave is declaring to all and sundry that Brexit is shit, you begin to wonder why we're not having another vote.  
UK legally bound to pay £39bn Brexit 'divorce bill' before EU trade deal agreed, admits minister  
Hey @BBCNewsIf you can't get Nigel Farage on the telly to rant about Brexit betrayal (maybe he's on Fox in the US supporting a paedophile, or in Germany at at an AFD nazi junket) why don't you talk to someone like this van driver about the Customs Union?  
Two reminders to our fans in Ireland: 1. We play Tuesday night at the Tivoli Theatre and you should come. 2. You should vote on tomorrow’s referendum about repealing the 8th amendment. You’ve got POWER that not everyone gets to have! USE IT!! 
Literally the guy who brought you Brexit saying Brexit will be a "train wreck."  
Former Vote Leave Director brands Theresa May’s Brexit strategy ‘botched’ and ‘stupid’Via @GaryGibbonBlog 
So, this photo of Bolton in Vote Leave HQ in London on the night of Brexit vote. Behind Boltons right shoulder is a computer screen. And on that screen multiple twitter accounts are streaming. Hmmm@LouiseMensch@thespybrief@ericgarland@JamesFourM@WendySiegelman pic.twitter.com/0LlvevrxSR 
Brexiters want to repatriate sovereignty to boost our economic prospects (perhaps naively). And now @theresa_may expects EU27 to erode their sovereignty in trade and customs arrangements also to enhance OUR economic prospects. There, as Rogers says, lies the Brexit fantasy 
For the first time, I'm beginning to wonder if Brexit will happen. The irrefutable costs of leaving the EU are increasing before us on a daily basis. Add to that May's lack of a Brexit majority in Parliament, and who knows what might happen?Much depends on Corbyn.  
With the economy being slowly strangled, inward investment falling off a cliff, household incomes already down £900 pa and the costs of Brexit rising uncontrollably...who, apart from the swivel-eyed loons, still thinks Brexit is a good idea? 
Of course this is true ! I'm amazed by the people I meet and have known who have very little idea how the EU actually works. The BREXIT vote was a huge mistake by David Cameron, simply because most people have no clue about how the EU actually works and the benefits for the U.K.  
Also we’re hearing that it’s all the Brexit Bills - including the Trade and Customs Bills, which already include double figures Tory rebels as Amendment signatories ... not just EU Withdrawal Bill Lords Amendments - confirmation from Leadsom tomorrow 
THE NEW EUROPEAN: Brexit. We’re going to need a bigger vote #tomorrowspaperstoday 
I know the Brexiters don’t care, but they really should listen to this.Brexit Reality. I understand why some people cried the day after referendum. This man wasn’t the only one.#StopBrexit 
Project Fear DEFEATED: Poll reveals UK public can’t WAIT for Brexit Britain  
I fear the failure of the Govt to really seriously prepare for a no deal Brexit will go down as one of the great acts of political incompetence, giving up leverage to Brussels. Given the PM and Chancellor were both Remainers people are going to ask if this was deliberate. 
Disgraceful and abhorrent, that yet another EU citizen, one who came to the UK 40 years ago and served her local community as a mayor is denied permanent residency. But given the xenophobia that has hijacked the UK, not really surprising.Brexit being a recent manifestation.  
Full room for @TaraFlynn and Not A Funny Word, with @thisispopbaby and @AbbeyTheatre. Her last performance before the #8thref referendum. Music by the brilliant Alma @PopCeili  
Brexiteers' dreams of a golden age are buccaneering blather, says UK's former top EU diplomat' 
My official statement regarding the referendum on Friday. @Together4yes @SimonHarrisTD 
.@ruthdavidsonmsp If you're so confident of winning a second independence referendum why not just take us on? Why run and hide?  
.@bbclaurak .@peston .@faisalislam  .@jonsnowC4 It's beginning to feel a lot  like Brexit Christmas tonight as it falls apart in front of our eyes!Will 'Corbyn  be the last one standing?  
Dave Brown on Boris Johnson saying he would like 'Brexit plane' to travel the world - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Thanks for your refreshing honesty + for leading by example .@DanielZeichner. If more MPs had your courage, we'd be able to pull our country out of this morass, dump #Brexit & fix our real problems - #NHS, inequality, in-work poverty, cuts, etc.cc: @SODEMAction @RemainingKind 
Can it be? Is this the moment we've been waiting for? Is this the symbolic child pointing out that Emperor #Brexit is stark bollock naked? 
Ah, what a joy! Pointless Brexit delivers yet more disaster. We are a bunch of plonkers.  
Brexit - The likely Lads.  
If you want to see a country taking democracy seriously look up #HomeToVoteIrish people are travelling home from all over the world to vote in the referendum on the 8th amendment. It's kind of awe inspiring.Democracy is a wonderful thing. 
We have the Tory minister responsible for border policy&passports admitting she has never read the Good Friday Agreement. We have Boris Johnson demanding his own private jet to fly him round the world. We have Gove v Hammond on Green Brexit&Jacob Rees-Mogg v "Weak" PM #ToryFail 
2014: the media slated the White Paper for weeks.2016: they ignored the fact that the only Brexit ‘plan’ was a single short web page published 8 days before the referendum.Which treatment do you think they will dish out to the Growth Commissions’ document published on Friday?  
Speech by Ivan Rogers, UK's erstwhile EU ambo, on realities of Brexit cuts through guff spoken by government, ERG, Labour and pretty much everyone else. The decision by @theresa_may to force him out may have cost this country dearly 
Never thought I’d say this, but Cummings and Rogers actually agree on one big thing - Brexit is not exactly, in their view, going very well 
BBC is just a propaganda arm of the undemocratic EU now, expect more one sided reports from them saying how bad Brexit is and how ever so good Brussels is. BBC has got so bad we renamed it the Brussels Broadcasting Corporation.  
The budget deficit has fallen to its lowest for a decade, we have record employment and huge numbers of job vacancies and the economy has grown every quarter since Brexit. Now the Governor of the Bank of England says it should have grown by 2% more. More incompetence on his part. 
In this week's #AtrocityAlert: Violent intimidation and the outcome of the #Burundi referendum, fresh attacks on UN and civilians in #CARcrisis & cuts to UN peacekeeping in #Darfur #Sudan leave civilians at risk →  #R2P 
#brexit is economic suicide at the expense of sense. We are destroying the UK for a tampered vote and a corrupt governments polticial expediency. Please #retweet if you agree. Then write to your MP demanding it be overturned. 
Brexit: Ex-Vote Leave director Cummings warns of 'train wreck'  
Considering there are 105000 UK passport holders living permanently in Germany, that amounts to about 10% that have become German.I will too, just as soon as I am allowed to!#Brexit  
The Sanctions & Anti-Money Laundering Bill I’ve steered through the Commons has been given Royal Assent and is now an Act. The UK can now have its own autonomous sanctions regime after Brexit. It’s the first Brexit law to get over the finishing line. My thanks to all involved. 
I was wrong on a tongue-in-cheek tweet of minimal significance and he issues a formal correction and so do I.He lies about immigration, the biggest motivator in the in the Brexit vote and I get silence. That seems fair. 
One of the notable effects of the Brexit referendum is that it has made otherwise gently spoken people really fucking sweary! 
Germans push for £40bn Brexit cash forgetting £3.6 TRILLION war debt UK wrote off says MP  
This is the antidote to Brexit misinformation. The reality of driving a van across a customs border, by a man who does it every week and whose professional life is now facing ruin.  
This is it. Meaningful votes are coming to the House of Commons and @UKLabour MPs will have the opportunity to defeat Hard Brexit and then move to a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit is not inevitable.  
An independent Scotland would have to find up to £300 billlion to prop up its own currency, says country's most eminent macroeconomist Professor Ronald McDonald.Sign up today and join the majority against another unwanted and divisive referendum:  
Tories getting desperate as their #Brexit plans fall apart. They’re now launching a campaign to target #Labour MPs called “Respect the Result”. Not much credibility as the #Brexiters don’t “Respect the Promises” that they made to voters! 
New Jersey might be the second state in the US to legalize recreational marijuana legislatively, rather than through voter referendum, but there's at least one, big obstacle.See it on VICE News Tonight at 7:30PM EDT on @HBO 
#Leavers, the UK's lack of progress in #Brexit negotiations is not the fault of #Remainers. It is entirely down to an inept government, with no plan and a team of incompetent MPs trying to deliver a flawed concept, with no upsides for anyone. You claim you won, you own it. 
Obama interfered with 3 elections.FranceIsraelBrexit#Obamagate#SpyGate 
A Dominic Cummings blog is always fun if you’ve plenty of time. If you haven’t TL:DR is “you’re all idiots, you should have listened to me, Brexit is a disaster, sack the PM”  
I didnt vote for a soft/hard #brexit i simply voted for brexit and all it means! Out means out  
Enough of your "buccaneering blather" - Sir Ivan Rogers fires broadside at entire #Brexit debate. The original is Chaveseque in length - 11,000+ words. So here's an 850 word precis!  
We're live in Dublin as Irish voters prepare to vote in a referendum on their abortion ban, you can watch the debate live here:#DebateThe8th 
REVEALED: a leading Brexit campaigner got his hands on millions of voters’ data. Why? 
‘The fact is one country can’t out-negotiate 27 others.’Delighted to be featured in the latest issue of Monocle Magazine discussing my ‘front line’ views on #Brexit and how we ended up where we are.  
Brexit customs scheme will cost about £20bn a year, according to HMRC, who will have to run it.  That’s at least £7bn more than we pay into EU...so instead of having extra money for NHS, we'll have £7bn less. Stick that on a bus Boris Johnson. #PeoplesVote 
I’ve been saying this since the day after the Referendum. I was importing & exporting before UK joined EU. It was a nightmare & it will be again. Why we are messing with an arrangement that has benefited this country for 40+ years, I just don’t know. It is financial suicide. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been hailed a "hero" and touted as a future Prime Minister by a Tory MP who says he feels "very despondent" about the state of Brexit negotiations  
If you were taking part in Ireland’s abortion referendum, how would you vote? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
Brexit plumbs the depths of farce: the new customs plan is to cost 3 times the saving on our annual net EU contribution and the ex-Mayor of Ipswich, a resident for c40 yrs has been refused citizenship (her indefinite leave to remain being no longer valid).#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Irish Times view on the abortion referendum: Repeal the Eighth 
To anyone prepared to study facts, it’s clear that Brexit isn’t going to liberate the UK and turn it into ‘Global Britain’; it’s going to hamper our ability to do business.We’re leaving behind a well-oiled, supercharged trade machine to buy a clapped-out old banger from 1972. 
Many thousands are travelling #HomeToVote to take part in #Ireland's historic abortion referendum this Friday, to fight for women's right to choose. Please stand with the women of Ireland. RT with #RepealTheEighth and #ItsTime:  
BBC report on the two post-Brexit customs options currently being considered by the government. Both of these options have been rejected by the EU. Both will cost a fortune and take years to implement, according to HMRC boss. 1/  
Helpfully for fans of numbers you can put on buses, this cost of Brexit alone works out at £350m a week, give or take the odd billion.  
Listening to @BBCRadio4, just discovered that the UK passport is near the top of the Premier League of passports - it allows into us into loads of countries without a Visa. After Brexit, of course, we'll be in danger of relegation. Uniquely, in fact, we'll be relegating ourselves 
#bbcqt Where did they get this panel from, pathetic all. Led by Anna Soubry, get ready for shouting & screaming  for 1 hour. l hate Brexit, I hate Donald Trump. Heard it every program your on. Once great program load of bollocks now. Time to end Question Time, HOPELESS today.  
This was an amazing call. The best description of the reality of hard Brexit I’ve ever heard.  Hard working small businessmen like this are the backbone of our economy and Teresa May, Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn are treating people like him with contempt  
'The Gvt effectively has no credible policy [on Brexit] & the whole world knows it,' says Vote Leave campaign chief  
Huge international interest in the Referendum - the eyes of the world are watching as we decide how we as a society treat women in crisis situations. I'll be debating at 7pm on @Channel4News#voteyes #8thref 
Mark Carney reaffirms his anti-Brexit colours with an asinine comment that the economy would be 2% better off if UK voted remain. He has no credible basis for that forecast. Remember how he said UK would go down the tubes. Well, it didn't. Only fools keep digging when in a hole. 
THE COST OF BREXIT - Extra customs red tape is set to cost British companies $20bn a year according to the Governments own estimates. That is billions more than we pay to be members of the EU. Brexit is a waste of time and money and we will get NOTHING in return. #StopBrexit 
"With the coming referendum in Ireland, David and I felt we should share these pictures of our two children. We lost Barnabas at 14 weeks and Hannah at 19. This is what two precious little babies look like." #Savethe8th 
Killer facts in Alice in Wonderland #Brexit  
The Guardian view on the abortion referendum: Ireland’s choice will have a global impact | Editorial  
Ah the good old days when we were only going to be £500 worse off, now with Brexit we already £900 worse off & we haven't left yet!!!I told you independence would be cheaper!!!  
UK is facing water shortages by 2050, of course because of Brexit. I myself have seen the deserts of Yorkshire and Cornwall. UK should take more migrants to fix the leaking pipes. 
Not being funny here, but if the #Remain camp are serious about blocking #Brexit, action needs to be ramped up  very shortly. Forget demonstrations, take a leaf from the French. Blockade Ports, block Motorways, burn the odd tyre etc. #Getserious. 
Finally the right wing press will be able to declare HMRC 'Traitors' and 'Enemies', which, one suspects, is precisely how Rupert Murdoch, Lord Rothermere and the Barclay brothers have always felt...#Brexit #brexitshambles 
Brexit: Parliament's role in approving and implementing agreements with the European Union - new @commonslibrary briefing paper - #brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
Just one aspect of the Brexit shambles the likes of Boris Johnson would bring us costs in the region of £355m per week. When businesses pass it on we'd all be poorer for it. A family of four £22 a week.The liars never put that on a bus.#PeoplesVote 
The Brexit politicians believe any information that tells them they’re wrong is conspiracy. They aren’t going to change their minds and let go their project of faith. Parliament needs to do its job and protect the country. Sooner rather than later. 
Germans push for £40bn Brexit cash forgetting £3.6 TRILLION war debt UK wrote off says MP  
The @BorisJohnson who called £300,000 a year to write one article a week "chicken feed", while also 'working' as an MP,  wants struggling Brits, harmed by austerity and Brexit wounds,  to buy him an effin plane. Let the greedy narcissistic sod walk and swim  
All MPs need now to recognise their responsibility for Brexit, which if realised, is ultimately likely to produce a major unintended consequence, the breakup of the UK, into England, Scotland, and Wales, and a United Ireland.  
The people have spoken. This is even better than Brexit  
Farmers call for Yes vote in abortion referendum #farmers4yes #together2vote 
The main post-Brexit customs model that the Tories are considering  'could cost £20bn for UK business'. The ‘Max-fac’ option will result in a huge hit annually for firms, according to the HMRC! We need to step back from the brink - enough with the ideology - #StopBrexit now!! 
NEW: Government to announce tomorrow it will bring back all the Brexit Bills next month to put to the Commons - facing down the (a?) customs union rebels... rebels though are confident they will win. ERG wanted it, now we get considerable fireworks in June. 1922 told today 
If the past is a different country for most nations, in Ireland, it's a different continent, writes @UnaMullally for @CNNopinion - and this week's referendum on abortion could mark the greatest shift of all  
Brexit unravelling, new chapter  
Please take the time to listen to this. This isn’t about Remainers or Leavers - Brexit affects everybody and for this small business owner it’s about as real as it gets.  
Adhering to European Court of Justice post Brexit is OK for UK Govt when it relates to lucrative and prestigious membership of EU research & innovation framework #Horizon2020. But not to protect #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK. Surprised?  
The fact that no woman or man living in Tyrone, Armagh, Fermanagh, Antrim, Down or Derry can vote in this most important referendum on Friday, which will impact us equally, is difficult to comprehend. #Referendum2018 #Ireland32 
I keep reading the phrase,Respect the ReferendumWhy? Why would anyone do that.Respect hast to be earned, it’s not freely givenI have no respect for the people who wanted it, promoted it, manipulated it, corrupted it.Advisory and disenfranchisingTime to move on#StopBrexit 
Your dad is driving, and misses the turning but keeps refusing to stop, until you’re on the motorway, going in the wrong direction, and he says it can’t be helped, and it’s too late to turn back now, so just be quiet. That’s Brexit. 
I don’t think anyone that’s been paying attention can credibly suggest that the SNP leadership have not reassured and welcomed migrants to Scotland. They have actively promoted their contribution - to the backdrop of a toxic Tory Brexit mess caused by pandering to the far right.  
The sheer level of total and utter shambolic incompetence around Brexit means I'm not even surprised by this news.  
Scottish Farmers were WARNED, don't vote Tory, you didn't listenNOW you have 2 choices, Brexit or Independence - Don't make the same mistakes again. #indyref2 
At #PMQs today @vincecable calls out @jeremycorbyn for going along with the Tories' hard Brexit. The Lib Dems are fighting to give YOU the final say on the Brexit deal. Join our campaign for an #ExitfromBrexit today:  
“Theresa May tells Nicola Sturgeon Scots have 'no appetite' for second independence referendum.” A bit arrogant. I might be wrong but I’ve feeling that Nicola Sturgeon is intimately more aquainted with what the Scots want. May doesn’t even know what her own party wants. 
The government’s trying to make it easier for people to break environmental laws after Brexit. We need a strong #watchdog to protect what we love: our beaches, our wildlife, our environment. Sign the petition >’  #watchdognotapoodle 
American anti-abortion groups are hoping to sway Ireland's abortion referendum, leaving some Irish fearful that foreign influence is disrupting their political process.  
“Clean Brexit”To cost £20bn - £7bn more than we pay to EU budgetInexcusable that this was never explained during the EU referendum.  It has taken 2 years to get the most basic Brexit costing.  
Just as HMRC boss warns new customs system might cost 20bn, former boss of Vote Leave campaign tells Tory MPs they'd be better off ditching May + current Brexit approach + pursuing 'revolution', than staggering on and risking next election - his blog here  
So, Brexit happened. A lot of people talked about the role populism played. And then @geniia_iakhnis, Brian Rathbun, @tjscotto, and I wrote a paper examining that. And now it is available on the interwebs! 
At what point do we say enough is enough? Johnson, Fox et al didn’t put £20 BILLION cost for business on customs alone a year on the side of a bus. Yet another reason why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal as more + more facts come to light. @peoplesvote_uk  
Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn'  Gosh. Just imagine if we gave that money to the NHS instead. 
“Neither of you can give me any indication what our post-Brexit policy on immigration will be”, says @afneil to representatives of both government & opposition on BBC @daily_politics 
Post-Brexit Customs scheme favoured by our Foreign Secretary and others could cost up to £20bn a year, says head of HMRC. That’s £7bn more than UK contribution to EU in 2016. If government won’t say this is pure and utter madness, then voters must 
8 years from Kennedy's speech to the moon landing; the Falklands 'Armada' was put together in weeks; Czechoslovakia became 2 countries in 6 months. HMRC says a customs system will take 5+ years. Sabotage and deliberate anti-Brexit obstruction. 
The post-Brexit #EUfightback continues, but there's no room for complacency. With a year until European elections, it's time for those who want to build a better, stronger union to make a stand against the nationalists who seek to divide us!   (: @EU_Commission) 
Here we go again. Drip drip drip anti Brexit propaganda again reported by the BBC.All Remoaners come out with the same mantra every day when it comes to Brexit.Could, Might, Possible. We hear it every day from themThe "scare story company". 
Almost 2 years have past since the EU referendum and there’s only 310 days until the UK officially leaves the European Union. So here’s a summary of the progress that’s been made so far on Brexit.  
. @CarolineFlintMP doesn't want democracy on #Brexit. She wants a deal that has not yet been made, let alone voted for, forced down the throats of the British public. She's content with a slim majority for a vacuous 4 word slogan won by right-wing press hate & lies.#StopBrexit 
£20bn to build a new customs infrastructure so that we can slow down trade, sabotage wealth creation and deliver some Brexity bobbins.And that’s not including the maintainance and operating costs.This ISN’T the Brexit we were sold.  
The Uk has a deficit of around £6.2bn. The new customs system alone could cost £20bn. The maths doesn't add up - Britain can't afford Brexit.BBC News - Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn'  
“Article 50 has to be invoked now" – Jeremy Corbyn, 24th June 2016The day after the referendum – that was Jeremy Corbyn’s response. It was downhill from there.Every time he’s had a chance to oppose Theresa May’s calamitous plan for Brexit, he’s folded like a house of cards. 
No deal Brexit - 2,800,000 fewer jobs / £158bn loss per yearTrade agreement Brexit (but outside the single market) - 1,750,000 fewer jobs / £99bn loss per year Soft Brexit - 700,000 fewer jobs / £39bn loss per year Remain in EU - No impact on jobs / No £ loss per year.  
According to Chris Hanretty of the University of East Anglia, who calculated the Brexit vote by constituency, North East Somerset was 52.1% Leave 47.9% Remain.  I notice some people are confusing the constituency with the local authority. 
Brexit is a complete and utter mess. It’s a monumental act of national self harm.Remainers know it. Brexiters with buyer's remorse know it. Even the government knows it. So Jeremy Corbyn - in the national interest, can you now stand up and call for a second referendum? 
Another “unexpected” downside...and a big one...Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn' - BBC News   
.@DanielJHannan : Listen to this , Dan. Just listen.I make no comment.This is an ordinary guy. Not a politico, just a man with a van trying to make a decent living.Hear what #Brexit has done to him...and it hasn't even happened yet.Just hear him.Thks @mrjamesob  and @LBC 
And now a Corbyn wants to abolish the House of Lords - the only part of our governing system actively working to lessen the fucking dumpster fire that is Brexit and the wholesale destruction of citizens’ rights, environment protection and economic collapse. Corbyn must go. 
Facebook made Brexit possible – but now it is discriminating against Right-wing news sites, writes @Nigel_Farage 
The CWU strongly supports a Yes vote in Friday's referendum. The comments of our former General Secretary do not reflect the position of our Union. We call on Irish workers to #trustwomen and vote Yes.#Repealthe8th 
Happy to take stock of #Brexit talks w/@EmKaranikolov & our partners in #EEA Council #EriksenSøreide, @GudlaugurThor, & Aurelia Frick. The EU’s very close partnership with Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein is based on a balance of rights and obligations. 
Brexit minister admits MPs will have to agree £39bn divorce bill without trade deal guarantee  
'If you're surprised that Boris Johnson wants his own Brexit plane, you've forgotten how much of your money this spoilt brat already wasted'  
Ladies and gents this is Ciaran. This morning on @LBC  with @mrjamesob  he singlehandedly destroyed the ‘frictionless’ border magic fairy dust crap peddled by Brexit fans. He didn’t rely on ideology or wishful thinking just his experience and you know - facts.  
Remember when Brexiters used to claim #Brexit was about cutting red tape for business? Want to know HMRC's estimate of the extra cost to business of Fox, Gove and Johnson's 'Max Fac' customs solution? A cool £20 billion a year! #FBPE 
I'm stepping up efforts to obtain the #Brexit Impact Studies by writing to the ICO urging them to act to ensure the studies are publicly available in their entirety and take action to expedite the many FoI requests I and others have made.@ICOnews 
Brexit fanatic and Minister Suella Braverman used to say that the Gov would not pay a Brexit divorce bill.  Now she admits there'll be a payment AND no guarantees of a future UK-EU trade agreement. Bonkers or what! 
Why are #Leavers so against the UK remaining in the CU & SM after #Brexit. Many #Leavers don't even know what they are. They have served UK trade well for decades. Businesses like it, it helps them prosper, grow, employ more people and create wealth. Why are #Leavers against it? 
BBC News - Brexit: Hammond rejects business calls for customs union HOW TO WIN FRIENDS & INFLUENCE PEOPLE - NOT ! 
Tory peers who voted to wreck Brexit, which could trigger a general election, should be careful what they wish for. @jeremycorbyn  says he will abolish House of Lords 
What a bargain this is all turning out to be .... BBC News - Brexit: Technology-based customs system 'could cost £20bn'  
BBC News - Brexit: NI parties unite in EU border appeal PROBLEM IS -THERESA MAY IS BETWEEN THE DEVIL & THE DUP ! 
The Sunday after the referendum, people at my (German-born) mother's church spontaneously came to her to offer comfort and tell her that she remained welcome. At the time, it seemed a bizarre and misplaced reaction. In hindsight, they all saw what the Leave vote really meant. 
One of the great Commons exchanges of Brexit.  How did this max fac proposal for customs ever get anywhere near a cabinet sub-committee if it would cost £20bn a year?  Just makes UK look a negotiating laughing stock.  
Boris rubbishes Carney who gives realistic figures that even Hammond agrees with but I  hear no challenges from any side to say #Brexit is wrong #stopbrexit Where are the courageous politicians who will stand up for a strong Britain in the EU #FinalSay 
And *again* - Home Office making a right old mess of an EU citizen’s application for a UK passport.Former Mayor of Ipswish Inga Lockington (born in Denmark, in UK since 1979) denied citizenship#Brexit @the3million 
How much Brexiteers boast the UK will save a year in EU membership fees: £8.6bn.How much a year HMRC say the Brexiteers' post-Brexit customs arrangements will cost businesses: £20bn. 
Brexit just got crazier. Head of HMRC warns that the so-called "max fac" customs proposal being studied by the cabinet would cost business £17bn-£20bn a year. That is about double the UK's annual net contribution to the EU. So why are they even considering it? 
Todays message:#BinBrexit It's Rubbish.Pass it on. This Tweet. Not Brexit. You can bin that.#Thankyou #SODEMaction 
Brexit Minister Suella Braverman used to claim that we wouldn't have to pay a Brexit Divorce bill.Now she's admitting that not only will we pay it, there's no guarantee of a trade deal after. New facts like this are exactly why so many are calling for a #PeoplesVote. Pls RT: 
Brexit is a late-onset midlife crisis.  
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson set Theresa May a list of Brexit demands, saying she must “get on with” taking the UK out of the European Union’s trading rules as fast as possible  
Decisive challenge to the "Brexit as xenophobia" story so beloved of more extreme remainers from @Drtonysewell on the @Policy_Exchange website read here  
So I know we are all focused on our own referendum battle here, but a HUGE shout out to our fellow campaigners working for #Marriageequality in NI. Three years on from #MarRef let's help them get there. 
Ireland is on the verge of a historic referendum which could liberalise the country's strict abortion laws - this is why some people are travelling home to vote to #RepealThe8th 
Bank of England governor Mark Carney 'seems incapable of understanding the Brexit process', says leading economist:  #Brexit 
The word “sleekit” was invented for him....getting his retaliation in first and blaming others for his own disaster...Brexit: Michael Gove attacks Philip Hammond over EU Withdrawal Bill defeats | City A.M.   
Oh and neither of them will be ready in time for Brexit. 
Discussing Brexit on Politics Scotland today – incredibly clear that Labour and the Lib Dems are blindly supporting the SNP's divisive politics. Only @ScotTories are committed to keeping the UK together as we deliver the best possible deal on leaving the EU 
We need the same investigation into EU referendum interference. We know the referendum is void: we need action accordingly.  
Cambridge Analytica whistleblower @chrisinsilico joins our #STYT conference to talk "black ops," the 2016 US presidential election, Brexit and the future of data privacy. Watch LIVE:  
How Nicky Morgan summed up the HMRC evidence on Brexit and customs -  
Standing ovation from #wtuc18 for Unite Wales Secretary Andy Richards final speech to Congress. A barnstorming call to arms to defend working people during Brexit process  
David Davis, October 2016: "There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside."HMRC, May 2018: 'Max-fac customs system preferred by Brexiters could cost business up to £20bn'  
Max facked. Like most of Brexit, it's ruinous Heath Robinson tomfoolery.  
MUST LISTEN: @mrjamesob talks to someone who runs a van company crossing EU borders on a daily basis. This is what leaving the customs union will mean. Hard #Brexit will force him to close down. Is this really what people voted for?  
James McGrory @Open_Britain - Jeremy Corbyn & other MPs have missed the big issue of the day.. the governor of the BoE said every household on average is £900 worse off + the economy is 2% smaller because of #Brexit... its astonishing no one brought that up at #PMQs#FBPE 
If this referendum doesn’t pass I’m ligit going to organise a free bleed march down o Connell street and have a riot, so people know we’re not having this anymore, I’m done being a second class citizen, I’m done not feeling safe, I’m done respecting laws that don’t respect me 
Cannot remember the 2014 referendum being about wiping out the Scottish identity! #indyref2WATCH: British whisky is what you get for voting No, claims Theresa May  
First Brexit, now Italy – the EU power balance is shifting , says @matthew_elliott  
Each post Brexit customs declaration likely to cost business £32.50  - HMRC 
"Every girl in Ireland knows someone who has had an abortion. It's just nobody talks about it... there's so much stigma."Ireland's referendum on making abortion legal has shone a light on many women's experiences of traveling abroad for a termination.  
New Brexit  customs regime cd cost business in "late teens of billions"  - HMRC 
Both the Conservatives & Labour want out of the Single Market & out of the Customs Union. If people - for example in Lewisham East - want to send a message to Labour about the need for a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal then the thing to do is to vote Liberal Democrat  
Just spent a few days as a patient at the excellent @KingsCollegeNHS. Very struck by how many of its brilliant doctors, nurses and other staff come from abroad. Many from the EU under freedom of movement. How does that work after Brexit? 
Cant we force them all to do a 3 month training course at the HoP to teach them the things they dont understand about Brexit, the EU, WTO, economy etc etc? Ask @mikegalsworthy @GuitarMoog @StevePeers @Femi_Sorry etc to train them ... 
The great leaders behind the Kurdistan Referendum. President Masoud Barzani, PUK commander Kosrat Rasoul and Governor of Kirkuk Dr. Najmadin Karim.The efforts will always be in history books and hopefully we’ll see more.One day the traitors of 16 october will be punished!  
The EU Commission is asking for authority to open negotiations with WTO members on dividing post-Brexit agricultural tariff quotas between the UK and EU27 1/3 
IAIN MACWHIRTER 'Scotland cannot be content as a declining region of the over-centralised Brexit Britain that Remainer Ruth Davidson described, inadvertently echoing much of the SNP’s case.' #IndyRef2 
Still undecided about what is regarded as fact or fiction with regards to the #8thAmendment #Referendum? The @PsychSocIreland has provided an #evidence based paper with regards to #abortion and #MentalHealth 
“It is a relief that Mark Carney is retiring, as he seems incapable of understanding the Brexit process. Hopefully the next governor will understand it and stop playing politics.” - Spot on by Prof Minford @Econs4FreeTrade  
Perm Sec at HMRC reveals that he has 1,100 staff working solely on Brexit.Avg salary of £28k means that HMRC alone is spending £30m+ on this farce. That's two brand new schools a year.Now add in other depts, incl 2,100+ at DIT & DEXEU.And now the £40bn hit to the economy... 
We’re calling for a YES vote this Friday. This referendum is a once in a generation opportunity to correct a terrible wrong done to tens of thousands of Irish women. #repealthe8th #yourYESmatters #Together2Vote 
I want to challenge a recurring theme in arguments for a soft "EEA plus" Brexit: that in such a scenario the UK would have "voting rights" & this would make it OK. I find this incredibly telling about UK attitudes, assumptions, and illusions. 1/ 
Everyone should watch the @Channel4 @UnreportedWorld film about Ireland's abortion laws before the referendum on May 25. YouTube link->>>  If you want any more info on the film please reach out to the director,  @katehbuckley or the reporter @shaunagh 
Alistair Darling is wrong.  There will be another independence referendum.  Brexit has made it inevitable. My column:  
#EU Citizens Rights After #Brexit, a #Cyprus community outreach event w Robin Walker MP @walkerWorcester, Minister for Exiting the EU (DExEU @DExEUgov) 18/6/2018 at @CyprusInUK 6-8pm. Pls register  #UKCypriots #Cypriots 
worrying stuff - van driver explains problems and delays his business will face due to #Brexit thanks to additional customs checks     Not what brexiteers promised and another reason why a #peoplesvote is required @peoplesvote_uk 
FOR GOODNESS SAKE?! TELL THE TRUTH FOR ONCE!What happens post-Brexit?THESE ARE EU STRATEGIES! #Plastic#airpollution#AirQuality 
Britons dash to become German before Brexit  
"No Brexit Bank Holiday, as would not be fair to millions of people who didn't vote for it" says Johnson.So cancel Brexit too, as that's not fair to the same millions either...and the further millions who couldn't vote... and the young... and the..... 
Let’s hear @KateHoeyMP @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & @danieljhannan prove to @mrjamesob WITH IRREFUTABLE FACTS  that this haulage firm will not suffer loss from #Brexit 
It's a cult basically. Everything is being run on blind faith and their brexit messiahs will not be questioned. 
My latest column for @CityAM on how the new government in Italy and Brexit will affect decisions made in the European Council/Council of Ministers using Qualified Majority Voting. I hope the article is more interesting than that description implies...  
“Would she publicly thank the leadership of the Labour Party for their help and support in making Brexit happen?”Liberal Democrat Leader Sir Vince Cable says Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn both agree “that the public should not have a final say on the Brexit deal”.  
Lorna Craig"There will be another referendum. Not because those who lost refused to accept it, but because those who won did not keep their promises." 
A judge has been told there is an alternative to Theresa May’s “deal or no deal” approach to leaving the EU which could see Brexit unilaterally halted. 
Beyond belief. This woman has lived in the UK for 38 years, is the ex-mayor of Ipswich and a European Citizen but the Home Office denies her UK citizenship. #Brexit #Immigration  @The3Million @guyverhofstadt @ColinYeo1 @nandosigona @mikegalsworthy 
While canvasing I knocked at the door of a house that had two young girls playing on the lawn. Their father answered the door.I did the bit "Hi my name is... I'm with... I am encouraging you to vote yes in the upcoming referendum, have you considered which way you're voting?" 
The disgusting targetted harassment, intimidation and threats against women speaking out against Brexit, or indeed anything, must stop. It’s utterly shameful that this happens.  
It appears this Govt is failing the most basic transparency rules. Ministers & officials simply cannot keep their meetings with lobbyists for a race-to-the-bottom Brexit "off the books", out of the eyes of the public. They must set the record straight. 
My nephew - who voted Leave - has been told his job as a long-haul van driver is dead if Brexit goes ahead. The owner of the haulage company has decided to pack it in rather than face the paperwork required, not sure if he'll even get a licence. 
I was in sixth class. We had a full referendum style debate on it. During this, an 80 year old janitor called me (a 12 year old boy) a “Roy Keane lickarse” and mimed the licking of an arse. The country was in meltdown. 
1m students say they want a people's vote on any #Brexit deal, yet not a word from Corbyn. One old mate leaves the party over anti Semitic rants & the eulogies flow. Priorities all wrong. Lib Dems are the only party with crystal clear pro EU message #FBPE 
BANNON: ‘No doubt’ Trump’s America will do trade deal with Brexit Britain ‘very quickly’. “He very much loves the UK. He has a very deep feeling for the British people – Nigel Farage is quite close with him.” 
No but the referendum act did. Look it up. 
Scenes three years ago today, as the result of the marriage equality referendum was announced in Dublin.3 years on, we're still waiting - and @Love_EqualityNI is still fighting - for equal marriage in NI. Help win that fight. Support the crowdfunder:  
Rees-Mogg:“The Governor of the Bank of England cannot even get his forward guidance on interest rates right which is his main responsibility, so his endless crying wolf over Brexit simply discredits him and sadly the Bank.”  
Jacob Rees-Mogg attacks the government for “abject weakness” over Brexit  
Brexit: if we want the people to shape the final outcome, Labour members need to have their say.@Andrew_Adonis backs the campaign for a meaningful Brexit vote at Labour party conference this year.Join him. Sign up here   
FFS. I've been finding it ****very, VERY hard **** not to lose it with Leavers who just aren't interested in the detail or think it will all work itself out - whether it's citizens' rights, the Customs Union or Northern Ireland. I'm fed up with this rubbish. #Brexit #CustomsUnion 
ignore Tony Blair, Corbyn demanding a second Brexit vote is futile unless the attitudes which saw leave win are tackled head on. this is what Labour is doing. me for @guardian 
Well there's the fact that only 37% of the electorate said it was a good idea, the fact that the type of Brexit we're getting only what fraction of that 37% actually wanted, especially when you factor in the number of people who voted just to send a message....  
Nigel Farage has told Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday that  Brexit, Trump's election and the recent rise of populism in Italy wouldn't have happened without Facebook. 
Mr McGrory is spot on .. Families being £900 a year worse off because of Brexit, was something the PM needed challenging on  #PMQs #Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is at it again. He wants MPs who question Brexit to be "held to account". I think it's time to remind him that most constituencies have now changed their mind. #StopBrexit 
Mogg to Carney: Stop crying wolf over Brexit and get your own house in order!   
RT if you agree #JacobReesMogg should be Prime Minister.#Conservatives #bbcdp #bbcqt #Brexit  
There will be another referendum. Not because those who lost refused to accept it, but because those who won did not keep their promises.#scotref @ScotConvention @natyesregistry 
Suella Fernandes, April 2017: ‘Unlikely to be Brexit bill - it is part of project fear.’Suella, May 2018: ‘UK might have to pay £39bn Brexit bill before trade deal agreed.’ 
The guy on the phone is a friend of mine.... Everyone must hear this..The Van Driver Being Put Out Of Business By Brexit - LBC @LBC 
And in move that comes as a massive surprise to Brexiters, Commonwealth nations are looking to align themselves with the world's largest trading bloc after #Brexit, rather than the UK... 
Over 18s voting in the Irish referendum on Friday, remember: you're voting on behalf of all the teens as young as 12 who are unable to vote but who can ALSO fall pregnant through rape, poverty/lack of access to contraception and/or poor education  make the right decision. 
Christian Adams on Boris Johnson saying he would like 'Brexit plane' to travel the world - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Nice to see Vince Cable, whose party enabled the weak David Cameron to take government, which ultimately resulted in the EU referendum as a means to appease the right of the Tory party, having a pop at Corbyn about enabling #Brexit.Salty.#PMQs 
MAY DAZED Jacob Rees-Mogg blasts Theresa May for ‘kowtowing to Brussels’ and looking like she doesn’t want Brexit.  She is guilty is Sabotaging Brexit and Must Be Replaced AT ONCE!            #fo2eu 
Lib Dem leader Vince Cable asks if PM will do away with usual #pmqs political point scoring and "thank the Labour party" for their help in making Brexit happen. Top trolling. 
pointed question by Vince Cable asking May “would she thank the leader of the Labour party for their help and support in making Brexit happen” #pmqs 
#VoteNo ? I have spent the last 15 years trying to keep myself alive & encouraging others to do same. So this referendum has been a struggle for me.BUT I spent a few days researching facts & whys & what if & on Friday I'll stand by my Fiance, sister etc & #VoteYes 4 a better  
I never see FBPErs make positive suggestions about Brexit. They just seem to obsessively pester Corbyn supporters. Even though most of us voted remain. They show no interest in understanding how they lost the referendum or what's behind Corbyn's support 
That you talking about England there hen? The arrogance of you considering your shambolic party engineered Brexit which will devastate the UK as a whole!  
SNP MP Pete Wishart has accused the Conservatives of "stuffing" the House of Lords with "cronies" following recent Brexit defeats at #PMQs 
No mention of Brexit, half an hour into PMQs 
Final press conference of the referendum campaign. Sinn Féin voting YES to remove the 8th amendment. We need to trust women to make the best decisions 4 themselves & their families and we need to enable doctors to do their jobs.  
We are currently talking about Friday's referendum -What way are you voting? 
More ways in which the #BrexitShambles are very different from what was promised. Doctors reveal too much #Brexit is bad for your #health 
Will the government deliver Brexit?  
Do you think this matters? in 2022, if Brexit happens, anyone who had a hand in it will get the axe anyway. 
So Patrick Minford of @Econs4FreeTrade says today that growth could not have been quicker without the Brexit decision. Not what he said in 2016 - we were going to be basking in 2.7% growth this year.......just sayin'  
Whatever your opinion on Brexit, no one would disagree that it's a big deal. And not a done deal - if you agree then join the #PeoplesVote March on the 23rd June: 
@george_osbo0rne  told us debt would rise to £78 bn last year if we voted for Brexit. the true figure ? £40.5 bn the best  for 16 years. Project Fear anyone? 
But does #JeremyCorbyn seriously believe that the #NHS will survive in its present form after #Brexit?It is a key asset...and Trump has already said that he's coming for a piece of it. If a trade deal depends on that.. how will he be stopped? And who/what can stop him?#PMQs 
May & Corbyn say they won’t allow terrorism to divide us. Yet they are both allowing brexit to divide us. #pmqs 
The Brexit referendum had a politician murdered in public, tens of thousands of EU nationals denied a vote and hate crime in England is on the rise. Perhaps Kevin Hague will want to rethink his statement.  
Good to see the @Conservatives actively campaigning for Parliament to approve the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. As @JamesCleverly says, "Labour are working to frustrate Brexit and would rather play politics than make it a success for our country."  
Lots of witnesses would recall your closeness with Zia since his LB Convention in 1984 then in infamous referendum. U were his media handler along with Altaf Qureshi, Mujib Shami, Mustafa Sadiq etc doling out plots/Umra tickets as favours @MAzeemChaudhary 
We won't let the Tories use Brexit to sell-off our NHS. #PMQsSend a message to Westminster - hands off Scotland's powers:  
Skipping the bit where the Republic of Ireland is already part of a large trading organisation with open borders and a shared currency and we’re the ones who have collectively shat our pants and ran for the door, I think this is as solid a Brexit plan as I’ve seen yet.  
Is Ireland's abortion referendum about to be hacked? Illegal foreign money, voters targeted via Facebook - sound familiar? Pls RT this cracking new expose from @5050oD - and there's more to come from @opendemocracy in the next few hours.., 
Andrew Neil - Mark Carney said the economy is about £40billion smaller than it would have been without #Brexit.. which amounts to £15billion in lost tax revenue.. how much is that a week?George Eustice - I don't know @afneil - It's £300million a week.#FBPE #bbcdp #PMQs 
To put #Ireland's abortion referendum in context: No one under the age of 53 has had the chance to vote on this issue. That's why thousands of young Irish voters are fighting tooth and nail to ensure they can get home to vote. #ItsTime to #Repealthe8th!  
UK legally bound to pay £39bn Brexit 'divorce bill' before EU trade deal agreed, admits minister  
“Can you shed any light on what Labour’s immigration policy would be now?” @afneil “We're going to have to have a completely new immigration policy as a nation” @JennyChapman“Neither of you can give me any indication what our post-Brexit policy on immigration will be” @afneil 
exclusive image of David Davis, Boris Johnson and the Brexit Plane  
It's this kind of hypocrisy that drives people to the conclusion that BBC Scotland, STV, Papers etc are biased. The constant need to ignore the negatives of Tories, Westminster or Brexit. 
Britons are furious over Brexit meddling by peers in the House of Lords, a damning new poll has shown  
Just when you think everything ludicrous has been said, up pops Owen Paterson, quoting this monumentally stupid comment: "Brexit is a golden opportunity to reshape the way the world trades". I wonder if the world knows?  
Can't stop thinking about the LoveBoth buskers on O Connell St, changing the lyrics to Beatles songS. "You say goodbye, and I say, let me grow. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello". TWO ELDERLY MEN SINGING BEATLES SONGS FROM THE P.O.V. OF A FOETUS IS PEAK REFERENDUM. 
Theresa May’s promise that 'nothing is agreed until everything is agreed' is exposed to be an empty one as Gov’t is told UK it is legally bound to pay the £39bn Brexit 'divorce bill' before EU trade deal is agreed admits minister  
No room on the broom: watch Gruffalo illustrator Axel Scheffler's barnstorming anti-Brexit speech  
Islamicat attacked by Brexit-supporting Nazi Islamophobe dog today, but outwitted it easily  
Is this who you are afraid of, Theresa May? Can you seriously hide behind the will of those who are holding our country to ransom for malevolant reasons?You know Brexit will be catastrophic for the UK, yet persist...why?@jeremycorbyn #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote#WednesdayWisdom 
Solidarity & love to my Irish sisters. Their bodily autonomy is subject to a referendum this week. Can only imagine how anxious they feel this is being decided by popular voteCurrently in Ireland, the max penalty for accessing an illegal abortion is 14 yrs in prison. #Repeal8th 
Britain admits it must pay a Brexit bill even without an EU trade deal  
Conservative Central Office has launched an effective campaign to hold to account MPs whose constituents voted leave but seek to stop Brexit.  
It seems that #Brexit has had the exact opposite effect of what Brexiters predicted. According to the latest #Eurobarometer the support for EU is now higher than ever before in many EU countries, more than 90% in Ireland. People are also better informed. #TheBrexitEfffect 
These young Americans anti-abortion campaigners are trying to stop Ireland from voting Yes to abortion in Friday's referendum  
have to say i really don’t like seeing children wearing referendum merch for either side, they’re not able to construct their own opinion on an issue as complex as this this so please don’t take advantage of that!! 
Aren't the people of the EU and the rest of the world just the same as us?They're all made up, for the most part, of independent, self-governing nations.I see what you are getting at: brexit is predominantly an English, ethnic nationalist movement.  
People in #NorthernIreland watching ROI celebrate 3 years since the #MarriageEquality Referendum result whilst we still have no Government & NI LGBTQ people are still being screwed over …  
Vassal State UK - May’s idea of what Brexit really means.  
++BREAKING++#Brexit minister Suella now accepts MPs will have to vote thru financial payments to EU BEFORE a legally-binding agreement has been reached on future UK-EU trade relationship."Just months ago she described the very idea as "Project Fear"! 
#LBC James O ‘Brien  Brexit bashing non stop. Doesn’t the halfwit ever shut up . Everyday Brexit you idiot we voted 17 million voted leave. Cry    as much as you want, were leaving. Worth voting leave just hear you crying everyday. Carry on crying, brilliant.     
Voters think the House of #Lords is outdated, out of touch and wrong to thwart #Brexit, poll reveals  
The Irish Examiner have printed my opinion piece on the referendum today. #LoveBothVoteNO #savethe8th #ProtectLife #8thRef #Referendum2018 
It’s always somebody else’s fault. When will the likes of Gove take some responsibility for the Brexit mess they have created?  
A group of influential Scottish celebrities, academics, charity bosses and business people are launching a campaign to try to halt Brexit. 
As I've said throughout my campaign for Depute Leader of @theSNP - this is go time, and preparations over the summer are crucial to laying the foundations of a winning independence referendum.  
“We will be leaving the European Union, we will be an independent third country and taking back control,” whilst embracing the opportunities of Brexit, says Brexit Minister @SuellaBraverman 
Boris Johnston says he would like a #Brexit plane to allow him to travel the world , telling everyone how great things will be in the post EU UK.  I think I have found the perfect candidate , which is presently sitting on an Icelandic beach ….  
Thread / you should all know that Ireland are having a referendum on abortion on Fri. I don’t talk much about my abortion online anymore because of the backlash I received in 2014 but I think it’s probably important to say that I am 100 % for #RepealTheEighth 
Brexit has gone from costing nothing, and the Commonwealth queuing up to sign trade deals with us to Brexit costing at least £39 billion & the Commonwealth signing deals with the EU before us. Entirely predictable #StopBrexit 
We paid a visit to .@UKLabour HQ yesterday, reminding them that most Labour voters are against #Brexit . Is the party happy to go ahead with something that is already damaging the country? £900 poorer per household, and it will only get worse @Labour4EU #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
TODAY: In a poll heavily rigged to provide the answer we wanted, we STILL only got 58 percent to say the House of Lords should leave Brexit alone.  
2 thirds of today’s badges inherited from my mother. She’d have been all guns blazing for this referendum. I’m voting for her. #repealthe8th 
Now the NO side want to legislate for “hard cases”.  Funny that.  Never in 35 years have I heard that from them before.  Nothing like the possibility of losing a referendum to concentrate the mind. #Repealthe8th #@RosaWomen #Together4Yes 
This was wholly predictable. When is Mrs May going to stop making announcement simply to appease her Brexit ultras and start making a serious attempt to protect the Good Friday Agreement?  
Former #Labour #Europe Minister #CarolineFlint says that she remembers very clearly during the #referendum the #Remain campaign said a #Leave vote would mean that we wouldn’t be able to be in the #singlemarket we wouldn’t be able to be in the #CustomsUnion 
Seriously, the ex-Mayor of Ipswich, Inga Lockington, in UK since 1979, has had her citizenship turned down by the Go Home office. #Brexit madness has to stop before we are completely bust economically & morally. @jeremycorbyn @DavidLammy 
EXCLUSIVE Labour's Brexit sub-committee has not met since February after Seumas Milne moved to shut down Keir Starmer's attempts to steer away from a hard Brexit.  
Said Boris: "If I am to flyThe globe praising Brexit on highI need my own planeSo we can maintainOur exports of pie in the sky".#BorisJohnson #Brexit 
The No campaign(s) may be imploding, but, if we’ve learned anything from Trump/ Brexit, it’s that manifest dishonesty, dysfunction, and stupidity do not guarantee defeat.  Let’s keep pushing and #Repealthe8th 
why do people keep interviewing Boris Johnson about Brexit, when there's a problem at Arsenal they don't interview Gunnersaurus 
Brexit, the island of Ireland and the Good Friday Agreement. It would be regrettable if Brexit undermined the efforts made to build constructive relationships across these islands in the last 20 years says Colin Harvey -  
BBC presenter says @CarolineFlintMP's Brexit-backing constituents were not “clear what kind of Leave” they voted for. Flinty confirms that is patronising bollocks – Remain campaigners like her were very clear about what a Leave vote meant – it meant leaving the European Union.  
Former Labour Europe Minister @CarolineFlintMP says that she remembers very clearly during the referendum the Remain campaign said a Leave vote would mean that “we wouldn’t be able to be in the single market, we wouldn’t be able to be in the Customs Union.”  
EXCLUSIVE : "EU lied yesterday on a global scale - does anyone care?" Read full, shocking #Brexit story here:  
There are enough Tory Rebels willing to rebel to give Jeremy Corbyn the majority of votes he needs to stop brexit!So all about this crap about him not having the power bollocks! 
I'm a Londoner & I agree with Scotland:*The best future for our community is to remain within the EU. We oppose the removal of our EU citizenship and rights.**Brexit is looking increasingly damaging & out of control. We can & must change our direction*  
Michael Gove is blaming the Treasury for the defeat over Brexit in the Lords...  
I just checked me accounts after Mark Carney said every household was exactly 900 quid worse off since Brexit and FPBE went into mega wibble. Well my income has gone up each of the two years since and my outgoings are down a bit. Fucking wracked with guilt now  
So Governor Carney of Bank of England says we are now £900 worse due to BREXIT. Same man as said there would be a depression and increased unemployment if we voted for BREXIT in the referendum. In fact we have had economic growth and record low unemployment! He missed 50 p!!! 
Britons dash to become German before Brexit  
.@SuellaBraverman reassures the @CommonsEUexit that the Government are working towards the ultimate destination of the UK leaving the EU, taking back control and embracing the opportunities that flow from Brexit  
Reminder: Liam Fox's Department for International Trade said tech companies should have the right attitude towards #Brexit if they want to be hired.This is a blatant attempt (which should be criminal) by the government  to subvert democracy. #StopBrexit 
Supporting a referendum merely for the sake of massaging the egos of the zions of Kenya’s political dynasties ain’t patriotism  
"Offensive" is the right word. With Scotland's schools in dire need of attention and our roads deteriorating, the last thing the majority of Scots want is a Government focused on an unwanted second referendum.  
We support a 'Yes' vote in Friday's referendum.Women in the asylum process who need an abortion, including victims of rape, face huge barriers in travelling abroad. Joint statement with @NascIreland @DorasLuimni and @immigrationIRL is available here:  
Last year, a record 7,493 Brits were granted German citizenship, compared to 622 in 2015 – thereby handing over their right to sarcasm, queuing, milky tea, drinking beer from a pint glass and apologising more than once a day. #Brexit  
BREXIT: 'Boris Johnson's demand for a private jet shows he's completely lost the plot'  /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Michael Gove blames 'short-sighted' Philip Hammond for Government's Brexit defeat in Lords  
The air is cleaner on top of rainbows!! We can ride the magical #Brexit unicorns up there!   
“Brexit will allow us to clean up our air” says government being taken to court by EU because of failure to tackle air pollution.  
Ireland's abortion referendum: Amy and Connor's unborn baby Nico was diagnosed with a fatal condition.They share their heart-breaking abortion story  
Scotland needs a break from Ruth Davidson's constant banging on about Indy as an excuse for her to avoid being accountable for the catastrophe that Brexit will inflict on Scotland and the Tory racism thats swept under the carpet by Ruth 
This is why 'just get on with it' has been such an effective Brexit attack. Instinctively feels true to those who aren't aware of the horrific complexity of what we've done. 
Think political obsessives underestimate how many people thought the Brexit vote was the same as the Brexit event. They presumed it happened overnight and remain baffled by why ppl are still talking about it. 
NEW: Inside the battle to keep Britain in the single marketI spent some time behind the scenes to see how Tory and Labour MPs are laying the groundwork ahead of the Commons vote on a Norway-style BrexitEnjoy 
NEW: Number of British people gaining German citizenship soars 1,100% since 2015 in 'obvious link to Brexit' 
Ireland's referendum on abortion is just days away but not all of those targeting voters with leaflets, placards and social media posts are Irish.  
This. People need to stop boosting a 'soft' Brexit until and unless it becomes the least worst option. Right now, Remaining is emphatically still possible and we all need to be pushing for that.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "The Governor of the Bank of England cannot even get his forward guidance on interest rates right which is his main responsibility so his endless crying wolf over Brexit simply discredits him and sadly the Bank".  
76% of voters feel peers are 'out of tune with the will of British people’Poll reveals British people think Lords is:Outdated throwbackOut of touchOutsizedWRONG to thwart BrexitDESPERATE need of REFORM - Sooner the Better...#Brexit #Leave #EU 
So after demeaning her office, the country & democracy itself, to appease the #EU with a ‘backstop’ proposal amounting to a Brexit-Lite-In-Name-Only, the EU rejects it anyway within 24 hours.How much longer can Tories tolerate this inept woman as PM?      
I am v concerned at Parliament going on holiday for the best part of 3 months from late July. We will be in midst of a Brexit crisis then. Parliament should stay in session over the summer, apart from a fortnight in August. It’s called ‘taking back control’ 
.@RoyalNavy offshore patrol vessel HMS Tyne has arrived back into #Portsmouth and will go into lower readiness in case she is needed post Brexit. HMS Tyne has sailed 546,000nm in her lifetime and will be replaced by HMS Medway, the second of the five new OPVs.  
There are five simple questions we should be asking Boris Johnson and other Brexiteers regarding the path of Brexit and the prosperity of our country. A Hard Brexit means disaster for the UK. #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe #FBPE 
If all you want to do is get rid of Trump and Brexit and just get things back to normal, this is the normal you will return to.  
I am featured tonight in Channel 4’s ‘Carry on Brussels’ 10pm. First of three one hour documentaries. The series follows MEPs through the Brexit process in the Parliament. 
I think @iainmacwhirter is right. What looked too risky to many in 2014 will soon look like the safe and sensible alternative to living in Tory Brexit-land. 
Still of the opinion that it would be cheaper and better to pay for clearing up one massive riot than to go through with Brexit, to be honest. 
Brexit has taught me one thing, when dealing with politicians do your research because they either lie or don't actually know what they're talking about.Were they always like that?  I think of that Yes Minister series and it seems like a documentary now. 
MAY DAZED Jacob Rees-Mogg blasts Theresa May for ‘kowtowing to Brussels’ and looking like she doesn’t want #BrexitMr Rees Mogg accused the PM of being two faced by saying she wanted to leave the EU but agreeing to obey their red tape  
In the week that the Bank of England said Brexit has already made the average British household £900 a year POORER, let's remember Andrea Leadsom's pre-referendum bollix.  
This blue on blue war is putting our country and environment in jeopardy. The dinosaurs in the treasury are blocking action needed to enforce our green laws - and in doing so accelerating descent into environment-trashing #brexit:  
I've waited nearly 2 years to find one Brexit plus point. At last - no more UKIP MEP nonsense. Thank-you. 
ICYMI: yesterday the Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, revealed that British households are already £900 worse off as a result of the Brexit vote.Brexit is already damaging our economy. That's why so many are calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
In Rotterdam today talking about how Dutch are handling impact of Brexit on port and asking about customs preparations - particularly if we had to go to WTO Rules arrangement. Contingency plans already being activated. 
The Taoiseach has now stated that the story of this French student's voter registration has been "refuted". Here is this morning's 'check the ' confirmation that French Student Caroline Sourisseau is registered to vote in this referendum:  
While Corbyn is Labour leader I will never vote or support Labour. It's that simple. Labour have had two years to fight against Brexit and they've done nothing. Labour are a dead party to me. An irrelevance, after their Brexit enabling I don't think I'll ever vote Labour again. 
In Prague discussing how NGOs can use EU law to counter attacks on civil society in particular in Poland, Hungary and Romania.  Overwhelmed by how sad people here are about Brexit. Britain should be leading the fight to maintain democracy not running away.  #selfishBrexit 
American anti-abortion groups are hoping to sway Ireland's abortion referendum, leaving some Irish fearful that foreign influence is disrupting their political process.  
Shout from the rooftops! This is a disaster already happening. Direct foreign investment down by 90% since the referendum ... consistently. It stands at 2/3 of the average over the last 30 years! This is Project Fear turning rapidly into fact #peoplesvote #exitfrombrexit @libdems 
Today's news:- Rees-Mogg doubts May's committment to Brexit- Boris tells PM to 'get on with' leaving Customs Union- Gove blames Hammond for Lords defeats- EU rejects May's backstop plan 
‘EU Bloc could end up on better terms with the Commonwealth nations after Brexit than the UK.’ Another Brexit bubble bursts.  
A wise UK diplomat once told me that in EU negotiations, the French focus on philosophy, the Germans on principles and the British on precedentsChallenge for #Brexit is that there are no precedents, and both German principles and French philosophy point to a hard EU stance  
"Stopping Brexit is much harder than starting it. The referendum will be brutally fought and will bitterly divide. It will be hell. Let us get on with it."  
RT if you think Blair destroyed our country.#bbcdp #TonyBlair #Brexit #PMQs #Conservatives #skynews#Chilcott 
It's often thought that Brexit is good for old people. Delighted to be publishing this article by Ros Altmann, former Tory pensions minister, showing why in the vital area of pensions, this may not be so.  
That moment when @Nigel_Farage applauds you for making #Brexit, #Trump, and the #ItalianElections possible. #Zuckerberg #EPZuckerberg 
In 2008, Ireland voted 53% against the Lisbon Treaty in a referendum. But in a second referendum in 2009, 67% supported the Treaty. Now Ireland prospers & 92% of the Irish are pro-EU.Imagine if, in 2008, the Irish Gov't concluded Leave was the *will of the people*.#StopBrexit 
Voters think the House of Lords is outdated, out of touch and wrong to thwart Brexit, poll reveals  
Sturgeon will undoubtedly pay the price for trying to enforce another divisive referendum on a country that clearly doesn't want one.  
This referendum is part of a long history in Ireland of controlling and dictating to Irish women. Wrote about fear, the alphabetising of women, canvassing and talking to my children who ask about the horrific posters - for @StylistMagazine. #Repealthe8th  
So Johnson wants a plane  Apparently he believes that Britain will be able to restore its ruined international reputation and negotiate better trade deals...If he has a plane This is where we are. Brexit.#StopBrexit#FinalSayForAll#FBPE 
How can a second referendum be anti democratic?  If is the essence of democracy.  Now that the lies have been uncovered, and the deal is known, let’s see what people want to do.  #finalsay #peoplesvote 
‘Tony Blair is WRONG’ - MP SLAMS former PM and declares UK does NOT want second referendum  
I would like there to be a second referendum on Brexit.I am a strong supporter of Jeremy Corbyn.I trust Corbyn and Starmer on Brexit. The politics of this is very difficult. Just look at Lib Dem poll ratings. 
Summary1. When we cheer the royals, democracy suffers.2. By contrast, the Left always respects democracy: e.g. when a referendum delivers the 'wrong' result, we demand further votes until the 'correct' result is obtained.3. Talk about a principled stance!4. That's all, folks!  
READ | “If we say to the EU our backstop position is that we will be the vassal state, why should the EU make any effort to make any arrangement other than us to be a vassal state?” The foolishness of Brexit blocking in a nutshell, courtesy of the Mogg. 
Hey ho Brexiteers! Going on holiday are we? Noticed the exchange rate? Well enjoy, my friends because it’s ALL down to you and your madcap Brexit. 
EUREKA! I’ve finally found a benefit to brexit. No more UKIP MEPs. These grubby little people would have zero influence on our lives. 
Only 2 days until the Irish Abortion Referendum. In solidarity with the women and girls of Ireland, we call on all Irish citizens to trust women and vote to repeal the 8th Amendment. Women's freedom depends on reproductive healthcare. #repealthe8th 
."A group of influential Scottish celebrities, academics, charity bosses and business people are launching a campaign to try to halt Brexit.". 
The tide is turningAlways remember that in spite of the Tory party soap opera the government does not have a parliamentary majority for its hard Brexit#StopBrexit 
.@iainmacwhirter: Why a second independence referendum is now inevitable 
The disdain for democracy is yours. You want the lies & illegality of the referendum - you want no second thoughts on fuller information: it doesn’t suit you. Well: being duped out of the EU doesn’t suit us, so we’ll fight for a PeoplesVote & see whether facts have changed minds.  
This is the kind of falsity that Brexit feeds on. It was 37% of the UK electorate, my friend, 37% - you are confusing the 72% of the electorate who voted with the whole electorate. - And since you are rightly so keen on democracy: is 37% of the electorate enough? Absolutely not.  
While others fight for the least worst Brexit, we fight for the death of Brexit. You can keep your plan Bs. We want nothing of them. Only stopping Brexit is acceptable. We will never give up.  
'Because he appears thoughtful, Gove is sometimes mistaken for an intellectual. But on the big issues of politics – Brexit, nationalism, liberalism – he is a neo-con hack & his arguments a joined-up version of Farage's populism & paranoia.' My @TheNewEuropean column, out tomorrow 
.@LBC If Mark "Carnage" Carney wants to know why people are poorer, it's got NOTHING to do with #Brexit, he better look at MASSIVE rises in1. Council Tax2. Rent3. Petrol / diesel4. Water5. Gas6. Electricity7. BoE's Quantitative Easing8. BoE's NINE YEAR+ 0.5% rates9. VAT 
The PM regularly exhorts the country to "get behind Brexit" without slightest self-awareness that, given the #Brexit she plans to deliver, she is asking #Remain to get behind a car carrying hopes, dreams & deeply held values & help push it off a cliff. No thanks. #StopBrexit 
The UK has 4 million people who are under-employed due to unlimited cheap labour from the EU. This is bad for British workers. Britain needs a full #Brexit and to become self-sufficient in skills.  
All unionist arguments for keeping the UK together are the same as the arguments for keeping the UK in the EU. The hypocrisy of unionist Brexiters is breathtaking. If Brexit happens, Scotland should leave the UK & stay in the EU. I hope we stay together in the EU.  
Brexit is turning Britain into an international joke. But while leavers remain in denial, remainers are not leaving any stone unturned, to turn this around. #StopBrextiSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Student leaders from five universities representing over 100,000 students across North East England are calling for a referendum on the final Brexit Deal - we support a #PeoplesVote on the final deal 
Scots campaigners launch bid to stop Brexit  
Mark Carney, expert economist and governor of the Bank of England, presents detailed figures to indicate every UK household is £900 worse off because of #BrexitBoris Johnson denies this but without citing any figuresBrexit is a nutshell. Who do you believe?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg admits 'doubts' about Theresa May and accuses PM of 'abject weakness' over Brexit 
Increased support for EU in Sweden. 68 percent now thinks EU membership is positive. What happened to that #Brexit domino effect?   
You fool. They died so that people could speak freely. That includes speaking out against Brexit which will damage this country for a long time. 
Why Italy could easily be worse than Brexit for the EU  via @bopinion 
Churchill ‘House of Lords regards all our liberties & political rights as enjoyed  only so long as they choose to let us go on having them’  Put these ermine-robed loathers of the largest democratic vote in UK history,the Brexit vote, back in their place 
Tory HQ launches pressure campaign against anti-Brexit Labour MPs   
It's time for you to take the lead, Mr. Rees-Mogg. Force a vote of No Confidence with the 60 Brexit MP's and make a change. This Government is rotten beyond saving!  
So despite everything we now know about Brexit and how bad it will be, have just been told that continuing to challenge it means you're a 'bad loser'.There are days when this country reveals itself as so thick it's hard not to believe it deserves what's coming. 
'Hard Brexit Boris'... Just an Opportunist Tosser!  
Wynn Resorts shareholders overwhelmingly reject executive pay plan in nonbinding referendum several months after founder Steve Wynn resigned amid sexual-misconduct allegations 
Zuckerberg is in over his head. FB’s capitulation to cries of ‘anti-right-wing bias’ is the reason it opened itself up to bald faced click-bait Brexit and Trump propaganda. Now Farage is trying once again to scare him.  
Brexit has cost each UK household £900, Bank of England governor Mark Carney says.. Brexit is total madness!  
‘Cancel Brexit!’ A fashion disruptor's plea at luxury summit  
Extra 125,000 people register to vote ahead of Irish abortion referendum  
Sounds like Boris is taking advice from @konotarogomameBoris Johnson wants his own jet to sell Brexit Britain to the world  via @bpolitics 
I love @ottocrat ‘s thread explaining EU trade policy in the face of #Brexit. He played a pivotal role in getting #CETA off the ground and uses simple language to convey complex ideas.  
The referendum is void. Given all the facts about interference, manipulation & illegality in the EU referendum it is amazing that not a word had come out of the government expressing any concern. ‘Brexit a criminal conspiracy’ about sums it up.  
"There’s no way that Brexit or Trump or the Italian election could have ever possibly happened.” 
We need to focus on the Immigration lawyers - PIRATES getting rich off selling out Canada & subjugating broken taxpayers without their consent. REFERENDUM & call out these lawyers for abetting illegal economic migrants.#cdnpoli #TrudeauMustGo #economicmigrants #bordercrisis 
#Brexit will not just leave us Poorer & Weaker, with less Control, it will also remove Rights. This aspect was not covered in the Ref nor since. Many ppl don't even realise it. CF is wrong to deny a #FinalSay as Rights can't be removed w/o CONSENT. We have not Consented.#Remain 
Twitter bots helped #Trump and #Brexit win, economic study says "Bots added 1.76 percentage point to the pro-"leave" vote share as Britain weighed whether to remain in the European Union"   
In Maine, the GOP Governor Paul LePage refused to implement Medicaid Expansion.The citizens held a referendum that led to a court decision mandating that he obey the will of the people.He was forced to buckle.#Virginia, you can always hold a referendum to enforce your will.  
I'm all for it...Boris Johnson sparks outrage as he calls for own private jet for Brexit business  
I hope Ireland votes yes on Friday but let’s not forget Northern Ireland is still even further behind. There’s still no same-sex marriage and women don’t have the right to an abortion in their own country - even if they’re raped. There’s no referendum coming for us. 
The May 17 referendum process in #Burundi was marred by a lack of transparency, the suspension of media outlets, and attempts to pressure voters. We support the Burundian people & hope for a future in which they enjoy sustainable economic growth, security, & fundamental freedoms. 
Twitter Bots Helped Trump and Brexit Win, Economic Study SaysI Would truly like to better understand how they drew these conclusions -- I don't doubt them, just want to wrap brain around this   
#TheresaMay this Lady is not for #Leaving! @theresa_may has never been straight with the #British People of her true intention to fudge #BREXIT! she is a #political #Liar and a #FRAUD! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #UK #EU #Tory #Tories 
A new report on an independent Scotland's economic prospects offers an alternative to the "despair of Brexit", Nicola Sturgeon has said.  
PM May had the opportunity to become an historic leader, in the same mould as Thatcher. She started out well but allowed her own bias to take her forward. She will now be remembered as a liar during Brexit and a traitor to democracy.  
Watch: Dermot Bannon on why he is voting 'Yes' in the abortion referendum  
Sustainable Growth Commission report - “Scotland: the new case for optimism” - offers alternative to Brexit despair  
Thinks Government will now push out the difficult Brexit votes until after EU Summit or even Autumn... says only reason that the Lords Amendments might return any earlier is if they want to make a point of losing some of them (!) 
Twitter bots helped Trump and Brexit win, economic study says. via @AnnieReedSings 
Just ... no: “They then figured out how much the accounts they defined as bots added to the volume of tweets advocating Brexit or Trump, and extrapolated from there.”See my @UpshotNYT for why you should be extremely skeptical of studies like this  
Here lads after this referendum is done we need to have a chat about raising the bar expected of us by women. It's entirely unacceptable we've let it get to the stage where we get praise for  even moderate support of women's human rights 
Facebook - dodging Britain. Dodging qs on Brexit. Misleading MPs. Here's what our soon-to-be ex-European neighbours could have asked: did Facebook facilitate (illegal) overspending? Where are the ads? Why won't you give them to us? Just, what, exactly, did you do?  
EU talks with Australia and New Zealand deal blow to Brexit trade plans.The EU has leapt ahead of the UK in the pursuit of free trade deals.Europe could end up on better terms with the Commonwealth nations after Brexit than UK.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So the EU27 will be ahead of Britain in trade negotiations with Australia and New Zealand and wield vastly more bargaining power than the UK1. Just when you think Brexit can’t get any more absurd.  
Twitter bots may have been influential enough to affect the outcomes of the 2016 Brexit referendum and the U.S. presidential election, according to a new economic study.  
Irish friends - we’ve a real chance to make history with this referendum. please get out this Friday & vote to #repealthe8th ..i’ve lived away for too long & lost my right to vote (gah) so please get out there and be my YES 
6690 Emergency (last minute) proxy votes were applied for during the First Scottish Independence Referendum 
Bank chief: families £900 worse off thanks to Brexit.Lost income “a lot of money”, Mark Carney tells MPs.Brexit is costing us all money. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE. 
Boris Johnson sparks outrage as he calls for his own private jet to conduct Brexit business - Mirror Online -  
Carney: Brexit has cost households £900 each so far.Brexit has already lowered growth by "up to 2%", the Bank of England governor told MPs.Brexit isn’t saving us money. It’s costing money that could be spent on the NHS.#StopBrexit and fund our NHS. 
Boris Johnson wants a plane, a colourful one. He thinks that will give UK the edge when he is trying to secure trade deals after Brexit (or indeed, selling arms). He has stepped far beyond the line of self-parody. Time to get rid of this privileged racist idiot #BorisOut #r4today 
Yes. You've read @carolecadwalla on #CambridgeAnalytica a year ago. And @J_amesp on Putin's information wars. It's taken a year but everyone should be aware by now. #Trump and #Brexit were part of the same attack on democracy  
The only Trump/Brexit surprise outcome in this referendum is going to be the fact that the nation fancies Simon Harris now. 
.@TheRock tell us your stance on the Irish referendum 
What!! #brexit is already costing millions. About time for #BJExitBoris Johnson demands his very own 'Brexit plane' to travel the globe #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
personally I can't wait until this referendum is over. the run up to it has been very nasty.. it's brought out the worst in a lot of people.. a lot of self righteous morons who believe their opinion is the only opinion.. 
Caroline Flint on Newsnight really doesn’t seem to understand customs at all. Like listening to a punter down the pub. How 2 years on from Brexit Vote are Uk politicians so ignorant? 
“The vast majority of abortions would involve healthy babies and healthy women. This is not ‘health care.'”These psychiatrists are speaking out against Ireland's referendum to legalize abortion on the basis of the "life and health" of the mother.  
Let's get this shared. It's so important that we support @TheSNP right now if we want a second referendum. The media and the tories are determined to tell us there's no appetite for iScotland - let's show them they're very wrong#Scotref 
#Brexiters...wake the f*** up! You may want to wreck your own futures but you have no right to wreck ours. Make it right..back a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit option to Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to #Brexit or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain.#FinalSayForAll 
When the crap Brexit deal becomes clear, It will be blamed on those who opposed Brexit, as if it's our fault 27 countries have more leverage than 1.But let's entertain that:If you set the country on a course that half the people desperately hate, the country will drag its feet. 
“To make any change in our law on abortion, we have to vote yes on Friday” - @ivanabacik sets out her reasons for supporting the ‘Together for Yes’ campaign ahead of Ireland's abortion referendum #newsnight 
COMMENT OF THE DAY: “British households will be better off thanks to Brexit, to the tune of between £10 and £15,000” says person who is definitely NOT the Governor of the Bank of England.  
Beginning to wonder whether anti-Brexit Corbyn supporters are suffering from Stockholm syndrome.Despite the clear and obvious threat to their interests - and their *captor’s* ability to change the situation - they persist with the idea that he has their best interests at heart.  
I suspect that even if Brexit voters were influenced by such claims they would say that £900 to leave the EU, reclaim sovereignty and reform immigration was a bargain....  
Alistair Darling is wrong: there will be another independence referendum.  Scotland is not content to be a declining region of an over-centralised Brexit Britain.  My @heraldscotland column tomorrow. 
Carney: Brexit has cost households £900  
Katie Ascough claiming she just looked up abortion two weeks ago to help make up her mind on the referendum!? Give me a break! #rtept 
Those undecided on the upcoming referendum should take note of the overwhelming consensus of the {practising} medical profession who are supporting #Repeal #repealthe8th #rtept 
“The longer she delays, the more time is wasted, and the greater the chance of a disastrous Brexit. The Prime Minister must, at last, put the national interest ahead of the needs of party management.”  
Leaving aside this referendum for a moment, mental health issues and crises are a very real threat to people's lives and that shouldn't be forgotten. #rtept 
So...over the 27.2 million households counted in the U.K. in 2017, Brexit has cost what so far? That’s billions out of the pockets of the taxpayers who were promised bus savings. And this is PRE exit day...  
Brexit has cost every UK household £900. Peanuts if you're Jacob Rees-Mogg or Nigel Farage. A huge  amount if you're on an average UK salary 
I knew in my heart of hearts this referendum campaign would eventually devolve into two men in suits arguing in a TV studio, but I *never* thought I would see a Blueshirt reach for the "800 Years" to score a point against a Shinner. 
These four leaders represent the majority of MLAs elected last year - they speak for the will of the people of NI on Brexit way more than the DUP.  
THE TIMES: Brexit costs householders £900 a year says Carney #tomorrowspaperstoday 
I left the Labour party because of its Brexit stance. Pity I only had one membership to tear up but because this mockery of women's rights deserves leaving the party a thousand times. 
Ive just been involved in some market research about Brexit for Lord Ashcroft. The company doing the research were looking for specific answers to their questions and if they didnt get the answers they were looking for they twisted the questins until they got what they wanted. 
Brexit vote has cost each UK household £900, says Mark Carney  
I remember Chris Deerin and (I think) Kenny Farquharson and (possibly) Hugo Rifkind and Alex Massie agreeing that a Britain that refused a referendum requested by Holyrood would not be the Britain they'd argued for in 2014. They were right, even if they've now got over it. 
I see Pauline Bryan has journeyed from being a member of the Red Paper Collective to Ermine via urging Scots to vote No in the indy referendum while sharing a stage with (at the time) Labour MSP Graeme Pearson who ended up as the SIU Chief Exec. How Labour can you get? 
A failure of the yes campaign is to own what the referendum is about. Abortion up to 12 weeks is not just restricted to hard cases of rape etc. That’s where the debate is at for the undecideds. #rtept 
Dear Mrs May,I tell you what Scots have no appetite for- #Brexit. We voted 62% Remain. You've utterly ignored that vote. It might be time you stopped treating us with contempt. We'll have whatever we please. That's democracy. You should try it! #IndyRef2 
Trump supported Brexit.Farage supported Trump.Again, well known to anyone who's paying attention.  
Coming up on #BBCNews:- virtue signalling about Manchester- virtue signalling about Grenfell- virtue signalling about the NHS- BrExit will be a disaster and you don't really want to do it, do you?- Oh, we're sorry. We didn't have time to report Obama's Watergate. 
Another thing Brexit pushes to the sidelines: The disruptive storm now starting to blow through Uk retail: Asda/Sainsburys, M&S closures, now this. Watch out: Amazon is coming for food, household goods etc etc.  
“We've had 35 years to come up with alternative solutions and it's 3 days before the referendum and I haven't seen any” so good to see  @SimonHarrisTD as considered health minister on here  #rtept 
Editorial: Theresa May is being driven inexorably towards a medium-soft Brexit  
Can’t wait for the referendum to be over so I can just go back to tweeting about how depressed I am 
DUBLIN REPEALERSWanna help us here in Roscommon -the only constituency in the country that voted against the marriage referendum Just follow the link! & Please RT #TogetherForYes #together4yes@louiseckenny @Together4yes@TaraFlynn @TarynDeVere 
Know any people who are #Undecided on the Referendum?Why not send them this brilliant illustration by @Ciaraioch which answers a lot of the questions/concerns people may have#RepealThe8th 
Average UK household income takes a hit of £900, largely because of #Brexit, says Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney. That’ll show “the elites”.  
Tell me why we need a National Democracy Week, are you saying we are not a democracy for the other 51 weeks of the year?When you say every voice matters, what about the millions of voters denied a voice in the referendum?#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
Stop complaining about Brexit – the economic benefits will be huge | John Longworth  
We're on air after the Nine News with RTÉ's final TV debate ahead of Friday's referendum vote - join @MiriamOCal and @mcculld, a panel of guests and a live studio audience at 9.35pm @RTEOne #rtept 
Communities, Independence, Readiness. To voice your support for a referendum within the next 18 months #VoteChris#SNPDepute #ReadyToGo pic.twitter.com/lDlbR6UFqv 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Gradually it looks as if we still get very fine words, but we're not getting the action that follows those words."People like me are becoming cautious about what the Government is really trying to do." #Brexit  
This is how scared of Maria Steen @SimonHarrisTD and RTE are. Pathetic. Boylan can do two debates, but we can't risk the blessed referendum by letting the preferred NO speaker debate. #rtept #8thref 
#YourYesMatters because this referendum is a once in a generation opportunity to correct a terrible wrong done to tens of thousands of Irish women. #Repealthe8th 
Hmm ... So Tesco is shutting down its online non-food website. I thought the reason why high street jobs were being lost was because of online competition. But now online sales have fallen too. Looks like it could all be down to Brexit after all!#FBPE 
Hard Brexit Tories pressure May over customs union Boris says all that's needed to secure trade deals is "confidence and brio and zap and dynamism".He really is the government's village idiot. 
just nailed a can of pure Brexit and deported myself  
"I fear we are getting to the point where you wonder whether the Government really wants to leave at all" - Jacob Rees-Mogg, slamming May's approach as "abject weakness" and "preparing for failure."Mogg should make his move now?#Brexit  
104 @UKLabour MPs represent Northern constituencies where the people voted for #Brexit in the referendumThe 5 MPs tagged here represent seats that voted LeavePlease follow this link to petition your MP: #LabourBrexitBetrayal #RespectTheResult 
Labour will 'pay heavy price' for Corbyn's refusal to fight Brexit, Tony Blair warns  
Spot on. The Tories have betrayed Britain every step of the way. And they intend to betray it over Brexit. 
Hard Brexit or No Deal could deny British expats their pensions  Those who seem to be itching to just walk away from EU negotiations should consider the consequences for British nationals 
CBI president says Brexit is acting as a “handbrake” on the economy: “The more time spent on Brexit, the more time wasted.”  
"If you have an employee that is caught passing information to a competitor, you fire them. That's the approach Britain needs to take towards politicians and civil servants regarding #Brexit "@Steven_Woolfe#Immigration#Brexit 
One good thing about Brexit, my grass is well manured because people talk sh*t over me every day 
The Conservative Party is the party of the EU. They took us in without permission, lied to keep us in in 75, dragged us further in for decades, then ran the biggest campaign of lies and misinformation in human history for Remain. And people expect them to deliver Brexit? 
‘No Action’: Rees-Mogg Attacks May for Brexit Backsliding   
“I know a logjam when I see it... Brexit is held up at customs” says CBI chief @drechsler_paul at his departing address... though he praises what he says is the PMs recent non ideological approach 
THE COST OF BREXIT - £40bn lost to the UK economy because we voted to leave the EU. That is the equivalent of £900 per household. What a bloody waste of money that never need to be wasted at all for a stupid idea like #Brexit. It really is time to #StopBrexit 
TONIGHT: The abortion referendum dividing Ireland - with three days to go, a tight race and expats flocking home to vote, we hear from passionate supporters on both sides #newsnight 
POLL: For people who can vote in #IndyRef2 only, please.After voting, please retweet to spread out the coverage. Whichever side you are on, lets try to get this out widely and see how it goes.Do you have an appetite for another referendum on Scottish independence? 
RT to urge Shri @ArvindKejriwal to ask @ArvindKejriwal to have a Public Referendum via SMS and ask Delhi Citizens “Should @ArvindKejriwal Govt reduce/remove VAT on Petrol & Diesel” ? #HumBhiChahiyePurnSwaraj #AbFreeWiFiSeChalegiDelhiKiGaadiyan 
Ian Paisley MP - "The idea that you can be half pregnant, half in, half out, isn’t on. This is a revolutionary change, and we are leaving the EU. People have got to get used to that." #Brexit  
The EU will simply keep pushing and pushing in the expectation @theresa_may will buckle.  Every advantage of Brexit they will actively seek to undermine because they are frightened. They have told me so on so many meetings with other MEPs.Is @theresa_may more frightened? 
Healthy enamel is the foundation for whiter, brighter teeth. So watch out for the acids in sparkling water, and use Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste to keep teeth looking and feeling their best. @PopSugar 
First time I've seen Davidson actually interviewed properly. Well done @STVColin #brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
I’d love to be proven wrong on this but I haven’t seen a full programme dedicated to the effects of Brexit in Scotland - seems unthinkable anywhere else  
"I feel I’ve been ridiculed because I voted to leave the European Union."“I would vote leave again tomorrow because I believe there is a fundamental flaw in Europe." #Brexit  
WATCH | Did you know about the fat EU pensions that dozens of Lords receive because of their time as Commissioners and MEPs? No wonder they hate Brexit so much!Support us at  
On this day 20 years ago, the people of Ireland - north and south - voted to approve the Good Friday Agreement. The Republic's referendum, which also ceded a territorial claim to the Six Counties, was passed with 94.4% support - only one other referendum has ever passed with more 
There should be no-one in the government who is not fully committed to Brexit. Same goes for senior civil servants. This is greatest challenge since WW2. Imagine Churchill keeping ministers in power who opposed the fight against Germany.  
Astonishing takeaway from @tristanharris appearance at the @CommonsCMS today, 'I think it's clear now that in both Brexit and the 2016 (US) Elections there were psychological attacks on two countries"The world knows; our government also knows that the referendum is #unsafe 
In a new article Tony Blair sets out why in the light of two years of inconclusive and unsatisfactory negotiation, the Brexit decision should be put back to the people. Read it here:  #BrexitFacts 
I disagree with Blair on this. Corbyn's and Labour's current position on #Brexit pleases Theresa May. It provides cover for the divisions in the Tory party. He's letting her off the hook.  
Excited to be here talking to @leweast4europe on why every vote for me and the Liberal Democrats in the Lewisham East by-election is a vote against Brexit and for the final deal. 
Neither remainers or leavers want a soft brexit, and government lost their mandate to go for hard brexit.This only leaves one option folks.Remain.#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #brexitshambles 
Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage just personally thanked Mark Zuckerberg For Trump, Brexit, and the rise of populism in Italy  
Nigel Farage told Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday that the UK's Brexit vote, Donald Trump's election as president, and the recent rise of populism in Italy would not have occured without his company.   
Gove says Brexit has made UK more welcoming to migrants. Here’s why that is both wrong & dangerous.  
Full house for #NIBrexit meeting today on implications of #Brexit for island of Ireland. Big thanks to organisers for invite. Prof Brendan O’Leary nailed it when he branded failure to convene British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference as violation of Good Friday Agreement.  
Poor Nigel!Farage says Brexit and Trump would have been “impossible” sans Facebook, but his main concern today is personal. Speaking as owner of Europe’s largest fan base(?) he notes a 25% drop in engagement since Zuckerberg implemented changes to newsfeed algorithms.  
JP Morgan: Brexit has already cost the UK economy £22bn (c. 1% of GDP). Far more than the UK’s contribution to the EU budget  
Writing for @BrexitCentral, @jackpowell82 explains why forming new relations with #Canada, #Australia and #NewZealand will forge a new path for the #UnitedKingdom and provide young people with opportunity and prosperity in the years ahead.#CANZUK #Brexit 
What are @RTE_PrimeTime afraid of? They won't let Maria Steen on the panel tonight for the referendum debate. They're dictating who gets to speak on the No side but freely allowing yes to pick their own panel. #rtept #8theref 
Marks & Spencer store closures: full list of shops to shut announced so farM&S has revealed that it is to close more than 100 outlets over the next four yearsIt’s eerily alike to a list of places where Brexit won 
Our friends at @artists4brexit are looking for a graphic designer to help them with a project. Please provide a sample of your Brexit-related work below for their consideration. My submission is this piece titled "Brexit Means Brexit":  
"The Referendum on Friday is not about abortion in limited cases, it's about abortion on demand." Plse #VoteNo to prevent abortions for NO MEDICAL reason up to 12 weeks. In the UK 97% of 200,000 abortions/ year happen in healthy women & healthy babies. #together4yes #repealthe8th 
... also although a US-UK deal is the prize of Brexit for many leading Brexiters, far from certain that a deal such as this would be popular with public - beef, Chicken, public services provisions etc. 
@BrexitBin More Brexit-related job losses?Telford jobs risk as clothing company plans Europe move 
If this happened in the UK during the #brexit referendum it would on the front page of every British news site. The fact that @rte  thinks it can dictate to one side on who it has on a referendum debate panel is an attempt to undermine Irish democracy.#8thref #rtept 
This really matters - Such a draft deal hugely likely to take as read clean break/hard Brexit, divergence from EU regulation in order to integrate better with US rules...BUT EU27 leaders discussed at last summit that likely UK-US deal would limit scope of UK-EU relationship too 
How Brexit can lead to household incomes being £900 lower than otherwise and there not be a national outcry is beyond belief.For heavens sake, there's 4.1 million children living in relative poverty, 3 in 10, with Brexit making it worse before we've even left. Wake up Britain!  
Aye, Jim Murphy. Non-Unionisting right across Scotland in the independence referendum with Carlaw, Masterton, Golden, Thomson, Goldie, Kerr, Mundell and John Scott.  
Donald Trump is to Lifting of Russian Sanctions, as Nigel Farage is to Brexit.  I predict that both will be exposed once the Mueller investigation is complete. 
I'd like to be considered for the position of Graphic Designer. Here's a sample of my work, this one is titled "Brexit means Brexit".  
Sadly (but also hopefully) our last night knocking on doors together. My hero of this referendum is @bitnch, along with all of my friends and family who have given so much energy to this campaign. We are going to win. We are #Together4Yes  
Two former referendum commissioners confirm that the Government's abortion proposal this will allow abortion up to six months on wide groundsREAD MORE Here:  
"Women are not incubators." Thank you @vincentbrowne for giving your take on the referendum on Friday! #RepealThe8th 
Would it be possible to explain how the outcome of the EU Ref is considered democratic during #NationalDemocracyWeek given that it was only an advisory vote, in which only 17,410,742 (pop 65 m) voted Leave, the Leave campaign lied & no one is representing none voters #Brexit 
It doesn't make a difference what your personal moral views are on abortion. It happens, it's real. Exporting the problem to the UK for another 30 years is unthinkable. Get everyone you know to get out and vote. Turnout will be the deciding factor in this referendum #repealthe8th 
You just couldn’t make this up. The Bloc could end up on better terms with the Commonwealth nations after Brexit than the UK!  
The EU, fearful of the consequences for itself, is desperate to thwart Brexit and punish the UK for daring to leave. Step forward Sinn Fein, SDLP, Alliance and Greens to help the EU in its vendetta against the UK. Brussels depends on such Fifth Columnists to try and weaken the UK 
I've said it before: You don't have to be a racist, to vote for something that helps/encourages racists.Sorry, it's not in English yet, but it's basically French children getting harassed with "Go back to your country" / "Welcome to Brexit Britain"  
I wish people would stop assessing the marriage equality referendum as a difficult experience for LGBT people, whereas this one is hard for women. Spare a thought for female queers who’ve had to fight both! 
During #euref guys like @LiamFox claimed that #brexit would open up opportunities to do new trade deals with the commonwealth. The reality is the EU is about to embark on new ones & IF Brexit goes ahead UK will miss out!Voted leave & feel misled? Join many others as #remainernow 
‘No Action’: Rees-Mogg Attacks May for Brexit Backsliding   
The Theatre of the Absurd: #Farage just "questioning" #Zuckerberg at the European Parliament. Maybe he should just thank him for #Brexit and #Trump? 
Mark Zuckerberg's face as Nigel Farage praises the social network for enabling Brexit, Trump, and the Italian election results.  
Nigel Farage basically thanking Zuckerberg for Brexit and the election of Trump, but lamenting the change in the algorithm now #Zuckerberg 
Remember this. Leave had only 1,269,501 more votes than remain.Thats 3.78% of the total vote. Or 1.93% of the total population.In no way is this the 'will of the people'#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Tory HQ has just launched a critical online campaign to pile pressure on anti-Brexit Labour MPs in Leave-backing seats - read all about it on @BrexitCentral 
Promises made by politicians about Brexit, like more money for our NHS, are not going to be kept.That is why so many are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
The government's negotiating priority during the Brexit negotiations should be...40%: Staying in the single market even if it means allowing free movement34%: Ending free movement even if it means we leave the single marketvia @OpiniumResearch, 15 - 16 May 
I will never stop fighting Brexit. Watch us this Wednesday in our bid to stop Brexit @BestForBritain @LibDems @BritishInEurope @Lewis_North90 
It was Tony Blair's expansion of Thatcher's neoliberal domestic policies that destroyed the post-industrial towns that voted for #Brexit out of desperation.  
For 2 years @uklabour have played a 2-faced #Brexit gameNow McDonnell has come clean, admitting the plan is to betray both sidesStaying in the Customs Union & sticking 2 fingers up to investors is economic suicide#RespectTheVote #LabourBrexitBetrayal 
As we near second anniversary of ref it is clear that Tory party inertia on #Brexit is here to stay.  Meanwhile shops close, jobs go and the #NHS suffers worse staff shortages in living memory. Not strong and stable - just criminally irresponsible #FBPE 
Okay that's it. Any emails with "GDPR" in the subject are going straight to archive. I can't take it anymore. Bring back Brexit. Bring back the royal wedding. Hell, bring back that woman who thinks she can tell the future by reading asparagus. 
In our Ireland Unfree series we’ve been spotlighting stories on the bold fight for abortion rights, in the run up to the monumental referendum on the eighth amendment. With three days to go, here’s some accounts to keep you informed + to lend your support: #RepealTheEighth 
Sinn Féin deputy leader Michelle O'Neill MLA along with the leaders of the SDLP, Alliance party & the Green party stand together to voice a common opposition to #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
In the referendum, we said households would lose £4300 over 15 years if we left the EU. We were accused of scaremongering & “Project Fear”. Now the Bank of England Governor says households have already lost £900 in just 2 years. In other words: it’s far worse than we predicted. 
Households are at least £900 a year worse off and the economy as much as £40 billion smaller than it would have been as a result of the Brexit vote, the governor of the Bank of England has said  
The EU are to start free trade negotiations with Australia and New Zealand. The UK can’t start any new trade negotiations until 29th March 2019. So the EU could end up with a better trade deal with the two Commonwealth nations after Brexit than the UK. 
Tory HQ launches online campaign to pile pressure on anti-Brexit Labour MPs in Leave-backing seats  
Here is the main site of the UK's main broadcaster  See if you you can find this important story anywhere on it, cos I can't  If it's bad for Brexit it ain't on the Beeb 
Scottish court told Brexit could be unilaterally haltedSent via @updayUK#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
“While we may not agree on everything as regards Brexit, we do share a common position that we cannot withstand exclusion from the single market or customs union" .@moneillsf speaking today on the joint Brexit statement  
Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes, responsible for Irish Border and upholding the Good Friday Agreement, has admitted to a Commons Committee that she's never read the Good Friday Agreement.#Brexit #Omnishambles #bbcnews 
Brexit shouldn’t put children at risk, but it could do just that by closing a route to family reunion for child refugees in Europe known as Dublin III. To save it, we need your MP to support it. We don't have long, write to them today --->  
Remember, Mrs May, you said Brexit means Brexit, says the @Daily_Express 
New facts have come to light about the costs and complexity of Brexit that no one could have known at the time of the referendum - that's why we're calling for a #PeoplesVote . Sign up to join the March here: 
The UK's #GDP is 2% lower since the #Brexit vote in 2016.This means that households are £900 a year worse off.That's what the Governor of the @bankofengland has said.#DidYouVoteForThat? 
Sources tell me representatives from the House of Commons have sent question suggestions (which may not be used) to the European Parliament ahead of Mark Zuckerberg's questioning as he has refused to come to Westminster. Classic bit of Brexit irony.... 
WATCH: Bank Of England Governor Mark Carney: Brexit has already knocked 2% off UK economy & cost households "a lot of money"  via @LondonEconomic 
I wrote about the abortion referendum and why we need to #Repealthe8th for @StylistMagazine.  #Together4Yes 
Is there a lamp post in Dublin or indeed Ireland that doesn't have an abortion referendum poster? #8thref 
German Companies Back Brexit Britain #DespiteBrexit  
Hey @LTHlondon, you think that the UK doesn't control its borders,etc?Tell you what.Take a little day trip outside the country & then try & come back in without your passport.You know, test the borders.If you make it, I'll donate to a charity of your choice.You on?#Brexit  
Corbyn knows it’s too late for him to admit he’s wrong on Brexit. A change of policy now means a change of leader.  
Please be aware of this caper. At the Same Sex Marriage referendum, a priest was lurking in my voting station, obviously trying to put the frighteners on voters...I reported him. Yeh! And I was taken seriously  
Boris Johnson has rejected BoE Governor Mark Carney’s view on Brexit  
It really isn't, but inevitable that some will depict it as such. Dublin simply wants to protect the settlement that arose out of GFA, for a host of reasons. But what would bolster the case for a united Ireland is a hard Brexit. The softer the Brexit, the stronger the UK's Union.  
It's easy to forget just how corrupt the BBC was during the first referendum. Given currency is back, it seems an appropriate time to repost this article. Chock full of examples of anti-Indy bias. Look out for Jackie Bird misrepresenting Mark Carney.  
Spain is requesting joint control of the Gibraltar airport in the Brexit negotiations. The Spanish government's use of the Barcelona airport to punish their political opponents should raise alarm bells.  
Only Irish women could convey how important Friday's referendum is while being so fucking funny about it @SharonHorgan @WeeMissBea @GrainneMaguire:  
... "Mark Carney has claimed the Brexit vote has left households £900 worse off. The effects of the EU referendum have lowered the UK's GDP by 2% in contrast to its main competitors."#FBPE 
"Michael Gove’s plan for a new environmental “gold standard” is just more hot air from a government that has repeatedly failed to meet, and has lobbied to weaken, EU standards on air pollution" #Brexit 
Each year, thousands of Irish women travel to the UK for an abortion. Come May 25, that could change, as Ireland holds a referendum on whether to legalize abortion for the first time  
For me, the economic Brexit debate isn't about ultimately being seen as "in the Right". That happens either way. Either Brexit stops because people realise it's harmful, or Brexit happens and people realise it's harmful.I'd just rather they were spared from the latter. 
Dustin the Turkeys silence on the referendum is deafening 
Nick I agree.I think Brexit will be a disaster. But to be effective you cannot just dismiss “the politics”. You have to understand itI have faith in Corbyn/Starmer which I don’t have in Lib Dems for example even tho I agree with them on Brexit. They just don’t get the politics  
In the biggest turnout of any referendum we have ever had UK voted LEAVE. Sadly Career MP's & Lords of Lib/Lab/Con who do well out of the undemocratic EU think they can just ignore our vote and only give UK a Brexit in Name Only (BRINO). If they succed then its R.I.P Democracy.  
I just spoke in the #Seanad to call out the minimisation and stigmatisation of mental health in the current debates on #repealthe8th and the referendum. May is #EndMentalHealthStigma month, and this campaign has been bruising+difficult for many. Let's not take a step backwards 
Roughly half our trade is with the EU. Even if we get the best trade deals other countries have to offer, they won't make up for the losses to our trade with Europe caused by #Brexit.  
The EU could end up on better trade terms with Commonwealth nations than the UK after Brexit. Where are the amazing trade deals that Liam Fox, David Davis and Boris Johnson promised? Hold them to account! #Brexit #Trade 
Is it any wonder the people of the regions are so disenfranchised (ref #Brexit) with the Establishment when issues outside of SW1A - like #SaveSheffTrees - are ridden roughshod over with this sort of utterly supercilious disdain!?  @natalieben @ChrisGPackham @BiancaJagger 
Is the #Art50 notice unilaterally revocable? We are trying to get the answer to this question by referring it to the #CJEU in Luxembourg. Today a Scottish judge heard the arguments & will give a decision at a later date. Thanks to all who supported us #Brexit  
Comedy gold from unelected Lord/Morgan Stanley/rightwing sponsored Alistair Darling who forgets- Democratic mandate for indyref2 - £ down 17%/30 yr low- Brexit killing Scot economy- Oil boosting FTSE high- Fraudulent Vow- Endless enforced Tory rule  
It's time for Mark Carney (Project Fear) to stand down as Governor of Bank of England & let's get someone who is willing to look to the future instead of Carney's constant licking of his #Brexit wounds. The UK needs to start looking forward again. 
Are unionists being intentionally obtuse about #indyref2? Brexit is a material change of circumstances. Nicola Sturgeon has a mandate & an obligation to hold a second independence referendum. 
so when is mr tayto going to tell us his stance on the referendum 
This environmental watchdog is a farce. The environment will suffer tremendously if we let Gove sneak out the back door with his so called "green Brexit" @edwardjdavey @LibDemLords 
Brexit 'has knocked £900 off average UK income', says Mark Carney  
John Baron: The country, the Party, and her own backbenchers expect the Prime Minister to deliver Brexit as promised  
Okay MPs, now that you've listened to Mark Carney, where's you action to do what's best for Britain? #BrexitWasBrexitStop this damaging process. "Project Fear" is no fantasy, #Brexit is.There's no well-specified Brexit that get the support of a majority, so #StopBrexit now! 
“People like me are becoming cautious about what the Government is really trying to do,” says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on the current state of the Brexit negotiations  
President of the Frankfurt Chamber of Commerce: "Business is running as usual, Brexit shock has not occurred, most companies are so experienced in international trade they can deal with problems such as customs clearance...issues confronting companies with Brexit are nothing new" 
Household incomes £900 lower, post-Brexit vote. And this is just the beginning.Remind me why we're doing this again?  
According to Michael Settle, "Theresa May has slapped down Nicola Sturgeon, insisting Scots have "no appetite" for a second independence referendum...""Slapped down" our First Minister!? And they wonder why people are displeased. #Referendum2018 
WATCH: A powerful statement from John McGuirk before Ireland’s referendum on abortion.“When you legalize abortion, you change the culture of a country utterly. You change the way we think about life. You change the way that we as a society relate with each other.” #SaveThe8th 
I would like there to be a second referendum on Brexit.I am a strong supporter of Jeremy Corbyn.I trust Corbyn and Starmer on Brexit.The politics of this is very difficult. Just look at Lib Dem poll ratings. 
EU talks with Australia and New Zealand deal blow to UK free trade plans  It’s so ludicrous you almost have to laugh. Those down under do at least have a solid appreciation of which side of the Brexit divide their Chardonnay will flow to 
.@BorisJohnson’s attempt to force the Government into adopting a hard #Brexit stance, less than 12 months before the terms of Brexit must be agreed upon, has left many of our friends in Europe astounded by the lack of unity and purpose shown by the UK Government. #ExitfromBrexit 
Craziest thing about British households being £900 worse off because of Brexit story is people responding with "it is worth every penny". Mind blowing that so many people hate immigrants that much that losing money is a necessary cost to stop those pesky foreigners. 
The only possible reason the BBC would regard an MP’s religion as relevant in the fervent Brexit debate is they (wrongly) regarded it as a potentially successful flanking attack.The BBC is so transparently corrupt.  
Labour now seem to think it’s a great strategic move by referring to Brexit as ‘The Tory Brexit’. Do Corbyn, Barry Gardiner and Co think we are thick? Labour gleefully prop the Tories up over bloody #Brexit and somehow have the arrogance to think we don’t know they are complicit. 
Brexit is a golden opportunity to reshape the way the world trades - but this will be lost if the UK remains trapped in the EU's anti-competitive, prescriptive regulatory system, warns @ShankerASingham 
Mark Carney's shockingly bad record and clear political bias leaves him with zero credibility to talk about Brexit! Project Fear 2.0!  
Mark Carney - The UK economy today is more than 1% below where it was before the #Brexit referendum + “Real household incomes are about £900 per household lower than we forecast in May of 2016, which is a lot of money.”#StopBrexit #FBPE 
.@acgrayling needs to explain (a) why the Lib Dems are on 6% in the polls despite offering the electorate the #PeoplesVote he claims is such a vote winner, and (b) how Labour can win a GE by opposing Brexit when 70% of its MPs represent Leave-voting constituencies.  
Why is Ruto scared of the referendum? Wait and present your thoughts once the question is put. Kenyans will have a say. @RailaOdinga won’t force them to vote yes. Why are you running like a headless chicken? 
Is this the Brexit dividend they kept talking about?  
"We've got to crack these myths" * *that I played a big part in creating. I am glad Mr Umunna finally admits the remain campaign told very big and dangerous lies about the EEA option.#Brexit  
Looks like conservative groups around the world — from the Trump campaign to Brexit to Australia’s anti-marriage equality campaign to, now, the anti-abortion lobby in Ireland, rely on the same app developer   
Here is an accountable UK politician telling lies: "Britain has become more welcoming to migration since the Brexit vote."  
.@moneillsf speaking from Stormont where the leaders of Sinn Féin, the SDLP, the Alliance and Green parties set out a joint position on Brexit  
TONY BLAIR: Well I had my go at wrecking #Brexit today, but I was out trended on Twitter by #WorldGothDay. Your turn Mark.MARK CARNEY: Righty ho. I'll see what shit I can shovel and see if some of it sticks. 
1) #Brexit dirty secretThere's a worrying little issue at the heart of brexit which is keeping the Brexiters awake at night.  They want out of CU, but don't really care about SM, but their supporters are largely the opposite.  This helps finish BrexitWhy? Pull up a chair 
Aggressive lady on local bus (hearing me speak POlish to bus driver): Oi, where do you come from?Me in best cut glass accent: Welwyn Garden City. You?Happens all the time since Referendum. Plus similar to above.Yet Gove says we are far more welcoming to immigrants post #Brexit 
Here's me talking about the referendum on Broadly   
Not just you, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. We're all wary, based on what *seems* to be happening. If she's planning to sell out BREXIT, she will never be forgiven. I don't think she has any idea of the level of anger building across this country.  
Brexit has cost each UK household £900, Bank of England governor Mark Carney says  
Someone pointed out earlier, this tweet from Ian seems to suggest that the whole #Brexit/Antisemitism issue was being used as a weapon to target #Corbyn and discredit him, his supporters and the Labour party by some in Labour such as Progress.#JC4PM #Corbyn #chickencoup 
Mark Carney, governor for the Bank of England says independent Scottish currency is economically viable, that answers the Unionist's currency question. He also stated that households are £900 worse of since before EU referendum. 
"....there is nothing socialist about Brexit. The Labour party – my Labour party – shouldn’t be championing a right-wing Tory Brexit."Why I have turned my back on Corbyn... And others will too  
The transition period is a prime example of why we must remain vigilant for any Brexit backsliding by the Government.  
Bloody hell Moggy, just how long did it take you to realise Doris has no intention of implementing Brexit.You are supposed to be the clever guy.  
Each year, thousands of Irish women travel to the UK for an abortion. Come May 25, that could change, as Ireland holds a referendum on whether to legalize abortion for the first time  
Citizens' rights after #Brexit: a panel discussion and Q&A in Cambridge - with @DanielZeichner @Elenauk @alexandrabulat and others @cambridge_stays @CamForEurope 
This really was a heartening image to see. On #Brexit it's great to have ppl reach across party lines.  
Polls are showing the referendum result will be really really tight. Please, please vote 
David Davis, blagger: "There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside."Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of England: "Brexit vote has cost each UK household £900."Who to believe? My money is on the expert. 
how can you be artists for brexit and not have an artist  
Twitter bots may have altered the outcome of the Brexit referendum, study finds  
MUST-WATCH: Mark Carney, Bank of England Governor, reveals today that households are already £900 worse off than forecast.Brexit is already costing every person in this country hundreds of pounds in lower income, and we haven’t even left yet. Please RT:  
And look who has crawled out from underneath his Irn- Bru crates, Yes that sanctimonious, warmongering lanky streak of pish from the #BetterTogether Comedy team. Jim Murphy says hard Brexit will kill off new Scottish independence vote  
According to the Bank of England, UK households are more than £900 worse off following the vote to leave the EU - despite the strength of the global economy and the emergency rate cut put in place by the BOE after Brexit. Tighten your belts,it's going to get worse. #StopBrexit 
Brexit vote has cost each UK household £900, says Mark Carney  
Brexit has already cost each of us far more than the EU costs each of us. And that's before we've left. #brexitshambles 
In case not seen, Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of England telling like it is on #Brexit so far - economically the UK worse off than what it was forecast to be prior to the #Brexit vote. Is this really what the UK wants? A #peoplesvote the end of the process is needed! 
If Labour’s stance on Brexit doesn’t become one of complete opposition then I can categorically say I will never vote Labour again. I’ll never vote Tory whilst I’m still breathing, clearly. 
'Brexit has already hit UK GDP by up to £40bn, Bank of England governor Mark Carney reveals.'If you still think Brexit is a good idea, I've got a whole field of invisible unicorns for sale, if you're interested.  
Tony Blair says Labour's current position on Brexit is pleasing no-one.  
"If it's bad for Brexit it ain't on the beeb." ~ Alastair Campbell#FBPE 
Arlene Foster:“Quite disgraceful using Northern Ireland in that way.I see no logic or rationale for hard border being created between NI & Rep of Ireland.People stirring up myths of border checkpoints are those committed to unpicking the Union"#Brexit 
Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank of England, is clear: the Brexit vote has left us all poorer & worse off. This is exactly why more & more people everyday are calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
Bank of England: UK households are £900 worse off since Brexit vote - business live  
‘The DUP don’t speak for the people on Brexit’ – O’Neill  .@moneillsf 
WATCH | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg questions the government's commitment to Brexit."Gradually it looks as if we get still very fine words but we're not getting the action that follows those words. People like me are becoming cautious about what the government is really trying to do."  
Friday is getting closer and closer and the result of this important referendum is not set in stone!! The no campaign is amping up its efforts everywhere. I’m urging people to make sure they vote this Friday! If it doesn’t effect you it will effect someone you know! 
Just 15% of Brits think that the Labour Party has a clear position on BrexitSource: YouGov May 21  
"Public opinion won’t go anywhere without leadership. Concerned MPs can’t just hope [...] that the opinion polls on Brexit have suddenly changed. Our elected representatives must do more than follow public opinion. They must shape it."Please tell Jeremy & co. this, @ThangamMP. 
The transition period is a prime example of why we must remain vigilant for any Brexit backsliding by the Government. pic.twitter.com/U504ZUY1TK 
Just got a news notification that thousands of Irish people are returning home to vote on the repeal the eighth referendum. Thousands of Irish people went home to vote for marriage equality too. I am hopeful for what this means. 
According to Alastair Darling there shall be no Independence referendum with in his lifetime. It appears poor Alastair does not expect to be on this mortal earth with In the next 18 months. Poor guy! 
Brexit Blackout in Scotland. British Media in Scotland don't want to scare the horses - especially when they know IndyRef2 is just around the corner. Must think we're daft or something.  
Our second edition @EveningStandard: Mark Carney tells MPs that real family incomes now £900 less and economy 2pc smaller than pre-Brexit referendum forecast - even though other European economies turned out to be ‘much much stronger’ than expected and Bank injected stimulus  
Brexit campaign  has been fined for overspending and its CEO referred to police. That should not be end of matter. Here are five of the most important unanswered questions after the Electoral Commission’s investigation. 
“Brexit has cost each UK household £900. That’s a lot of money”-#MarkCarneyBut he’s an #expert. What does he know!#Brexiteer Ultras  keep on  going... #DespiteBrexit#BOE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is the leader of a bunch of 60 or extremist MPs, less than 10%, and exhibits an idealist's zeal for Brexit as some sort of promised land. So why does the  BBC give him a platform almost every day?#StopBrexit #bbcdp #bbcbias #bbcr4feedback #FBPE 
In 2016, Northern Ireland voted 56% to remain and 44% to leave the EU, but a poll for Queen’s University Belfast now shows that support for Brexit has fallen 13 points to 31%, whilst support for Remain has risen to 69%.  
Really? You thought this was appropriate just as the subject of second independence referendum gathers speed? Hahahaha! #independenceisnormal 
.@tristanharris says Mark Zuckerberg @facebook should appear before @CommonsCMS 'From the 2016 election and the Brexit campaign it's clear that there was a psychological attack on two countries. It is justified that Mark Zuckerberg appears before you' @DamianCollins @GilesWatling 
#Brexit has cost each UK household £900, Bank of England governor Mark Carney says. The pounds devaluation has also cost UK retirees in the EU a minimum of €6,000 since the vote. 
1) Your own government experts say there would be LESS money available for these things post Brexit.2) So does logic because the governmental responsibilities now shared among 28 countries would then go on the UK tax-payer.3) How would coastal Dover benefit from customs queues? 
Remember, Mrs May, you said Brexit means Brexit  
Mark Carney from the Bank of England has just confirmed that household incomes are now £900 lower than forecast just before the EU Referendum. Can't remember that being written on the side of that red bus! #Brexit 
When Government policy on post Brexit #citizensrights for EU citizens in the UK is actually more restrictive & potentially flawed than UKIP party policy from 2015... 
Odd to respond like this to remarks about Brexit. Why not engage with Blair's position on the issue he spoke about, rather than something completely off topic?  
Don't give me that crap. My dad fought his way across N Africa and halfway up Italy so that you could have freedom of speech. The EU has preserved the peace for the last 70 years. If anyone is dismissing democracy it's Leavers who use a tainted referendum as an excuse. 
UK households are £900 worse off since the Brexit vote according to the Bank of England - and we haven't even left yet.The politicians are getting it wrong. Time for a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal (with an option to Remain)  
A number of Foreign Nationals have contacted me to state that despite the fact that they are not Irish citizens, not entitled to vote & never registered themselves they have polling cards for the referendum. An Irish citizen received a postal vote despite not applying for it. 
Never forget. Brexit is a cult.#PeoplesVote 
All this bollocks talk about 'seeking the best Brexit deal'.The options have been laid out in black and white about a thousand times and they are very, very simple.The EU is not going to haggle. Read the fucking price tags. Those are your choices. Now pay up or piss off. 
Our challenge is a constitutional defibrillator. It is not about stopping it advancing brexit. It is about due process. It is about getting out of an increasingly obvious mess. It is about protecting the constitution  
Some great advice here on wearing jumpers/badges etc to vote. Basically, don’t chance it: Here's your guide to voting in the Eighth Amendment referendum (via @thejournal_ie) 
This is... basically just a list of places that backed Brexit.  
Bank Governor Carney says "Household income '£900 lower than forecast' following Brexit". Given the Bank's forecasting record, so what? Oh dear. 
Brexit has already hit UK GDP by up to £40bn, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney says  
Blair suggests Labour will pay a hefty price for not stopping #Brexit, buta). Blair fails 2explain, Labour does not have the power 2stop Brexitb). @UKLabour more likely to pay a hefty price if it does not stop Blair & Coup MPs damaging Labour. Members sick of Blair & Coup 
I don’t even see claims of Brexit positives anymore. Nothing. 
Check out our new article 'Does EU studies have a gender problem? Experiences from researching Brexit' w/ @RGuerrina @KAMWright @RCavaghan @HartungMacRae #AnnickMasselot #feministcollective @GenderEU 
Countries all over the world are queuing up for a trade deal with the EU.We can have the negotiating strength of being a leading player in the EU, the world’s biggest free trade zone.Or, with Brexit, we can try to go it alone and waste years to get a worse deal.#StopBrexit 
And just on time, Mark Carney says we're all £900 a year worse off because of Brexit. I don't believe a word he says anyway. He's a proven liar. Anyone else get the feeling all these things are being deliberately choreographed? 
DP @WilliamsRuto  "on the issue of the referendum, I don't want to speak about it. Hon @orengo_james wants to drag me there but I won't. But let me say this, lazy people who can't do things, those who lose elections will always want to use the constitution as a bogeyman...: 
Arguing that "Brexit will allow us to clean up Britain's air" when your air pollution plan has been rejected by the courts 3 times because you're failing to meet legal limits set by the EU 8 years ago really is remarkably audacious  
We often tweet about the impact of Brexit on big business but across the country there are tens of thousands of small ones that are also suffering because of Brexit too.Must-Read: Toy shop closes because of Brexit 
There's no greater emblem of the UK's loss of status after the Brexit decision than Zuckerberg choosing to address the European Parliament while snubbing the UK's. 
Epic Brexit trolling from the Commission - EU starts trade negotiations NZ and Oz.  
If you offered young people minimum wage of 12 pound an hour and scrapping fees or, on other hand, ‘stopping Brexit’ what do you think their priority would actually be? I’m taking regular kids here...  
We are delighted to announce German #Liberal leader @C_Lindner will address liberals from around the world at our 200th ExCom in #BerlinFrom #Brexit to #liberalism's future - don’t miss this fantastic opportunity.Register here:  #LIECBerlin  
It’s a free world love. You don’t have to, I do. Even more controversially, I thought Tony Blair talked utter and total sense about #Brexit on #r4today this morning 
'Brexit will allow us to clean up Britain's air'This government has spent £370k of OUR money losing air pollution legal battles. The idea that Brexit is going to 'liberate' them to clean up our air is as nonsensical as the £350m per week for NHS. 
A growing number of Brexit MPs are willing to accept almost all concessions as long as Britain gets to exit day in March 2019  
Please can everyone RT this? @acgrayling + @Femi_Sorry in Bournemouth on 14 June. Link to tickets here. Only £6 and free for students &U26. For everyone (not just committed Remainers) who wants to understand Brexit. Thank you.  
Want to stop Brexit? Here’s how.Spoiler alert: it will be hell. But the alternative is worse.Let’s get on with it.Me in this week’s @TheNewEuropean 
‘We now go live to Brexit’ – the 21 gifs that nail it best  (h/t @JimMFelton) 
Will the Government deliver Brexit?  
In 1975, the WWII generation voted heavily in favour of joining the EEC. How dare you misappropriate their memory? In 1945, they voted in a Labour landslide and would have despised you petty little Englanders from Brexit 
Michael Heseltine is a rare breed of Tory politician. He has integrity.He has repeatedly stated that Brexit would be an absolute disaster for the country and if it came down to it, he’d put the best interests of the country above his own party. 
I’m not one to get involved in the referendum debate but driving through rural areas in Ireland and seeing “Vote No” posters everywhere without one “Vote Yes” in sight is ridiculous. Their ignorance to the situation shows how backwards this country can be at times. 
No Brexit deal wd mean "considerable real economy adjustment" -  @bankofengland Governor 
Is it just me or have No10 hidden Davis? I hear more about Brexit from Jacob Rees-Mogg than I do the Secretary of State for Exiting the EU. 
Thanks for offering us a #PolicyExchange, @michaelgove - I'd like to exchange the Tory Brexit policy please and replace it with a #StopBrexit policy. 
'Blair says Labour could back second referendum without alienating Brexit supporters'It's a pity that Blair can't say anything without upsetting Corbyn supporters - even though he's clearly right on Brexit.  
Right now Ireland has some of the most restrictive abortion laws of any democratic country The punishment for getting an abortion in Ireland is up to 14 years in prisonThe country decides in a referendum on May 25th  
'These arguments were made at the time of the referendum, you seem to think the mood today is different but where's your evidence?' - Radio 4 presenter hits back at Blair's anti-Brexit crusade  
Yay...  now pensions at very serious risk from Brexit...(Labour OR Tory) ..but of course you all knew that when you voted right? ;-) 
The reason #Corbyn opposes a #PeoplesVote & #Labour members having a say isn't because he 'respects the result of the referendum' as more democracy & giving voters a say on the terms of #Brexit disrespects nothing - he opposes it because he wants Brexit & always has - simple 
The reality of Brexit, and this is before we have even left. #PeoplesVote 
Corbyn’s admirers need to explain (a) why Labour is 4% behind a catastrophically inept self-serving bunch of lying Tories and (b) how Labour are ever going to get back into power if Brexit leads to Scottish independence, given that English votes alone won’t do it - ? 
‘Ireland is living in the past with this legislation. Abortion is healthcare.’Bláthín Carrol, a student in London, is travelling home to Dublin to vote 'yes' in the abortion referendum.  
Carney says Brexit vote has lowered GDP by "up to 2pc" and lowered real incomes per household by £900 "which is a lot of money" 
A lot of energy is being expended on persuading Corbyn to back another referendum (which feels like a fool's errand). Less so on how it wouldn't just produce the same result:  
The #Brexit monster created by the likes of Johnson, Gove, Davis, Fox, Farage, Hoey, Stuart, Rees-Mogg will one day turn on them and hound them out of town. 
"The United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union will help strengthen British-Belarusian relations, the UK ambassador to Belarus said"Brexit means we can be best friends with Europe's last dictatorship. Yay.  
Real household incomes £900 lower than before Brexit referendum - says @bankofengland Governor 
Tony Blair is on the Today Prog almost as often as John Humphrys these days. I don't acutally think it helps those who wish to block Brexit but don't the producers get that it is one of the things making their show increasingly boring? 
The UK-Scottish dispute may pave the way for a second independence referendum  
“Scottish voters don't know what Brexit will do to them, because the Scottish media don't tell them.”  
Every time Tony Blair pops up to discuss Brexit it just reaffirms why I voted to leave. The further we can distance ourselves from him and his cronies in Brussels the better. 
More than SIX MILLION English people say they might move to an independent Scotland to escape Brexit:  
This is the big one! Join us on June 23 for the biggest pro-European march ever to DEMAND a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal.If, like us, you want to Stop Brexit, RSVP to the event below. It is our turn to make history!See you there! 
I do not have a vote nor should I influence the democratic vote in another jurisdiction - but we would be daft if we thought #repealthe8th referendum will not have an effect in Northern Ireland.  
The roots of Brexit stem from a 30 year empire delusion psychodrama within the Tory party but without a strategic end game. Brexit is a way of conveniently deflecting from a multitude of problems facing our country - many of which were caused by the Tory party themselves. 
There is only one Brexit reality - it includes job losses, declining living standards and a generation of lost opportunity. It's time for our politicians to be open about it.  
The petition to request a referendum on the question to abolish the House of Lords stands at 166513Leading remainers like Tony Blair are being reinvigorated by the Lords vote against the people's wishes.Send him & the Lords a message.Sign the petition. 
I've never been a Blair fan but his grasp on the realities of an extremely dangerous  Brexit is clearly apparent & this time he needs to B heard &  what he suggests makes far more sense than either May or Corbyn!  
Whisperings in Westminster tell me that both parties are about to change their Brexit strategies. My column for the @Independent this week. 
If this referendum yields a no vote it won't just be a sad day for women it will show them just how little this country values them as people especially off the backs of the cervical check scandal, murder and abduction this vote matters this vote is important please vote yes 
Tony Blair... the man who has never borne anything remotely close to the cost of his own blood-soaked murderfest in Iraq... talks about Jeremy Corbyn paying a heavy price on #Brexit... That isn't irony dying. It's full-blown psychosis. 
When it comes to Brexit, the Labour party currently panders more to the racist who wrote this filth than to the outstanding MP who received it.How long before they see sense?#FBPE 
2018: Researchers: "Look, the public are more positive about imm since Brexit - here's systematic evidence"Socially liberal voters: "That's nonsense, Britain obviously more intolerant now, as shown by [personal anecdotes/ideological narrative from favoured media outlet]" 
Please, please speak to your sons, brothers, nephews, friends about how important a "Yes" vote is. The number of younger men who are still  disengaged with the referendum is shocking. This isn't just a women's issue, it will effect all of Irish society #VoteYes 
Happens in muslim dominated areas & ignorant youth who vote for diversity . Soon they will be unstoppable & run the country into the ground if nothing is done, NOW.It's happening whilst everyone concentrates on Brexit... which won't change this. Why are the govt so blind ?  
Over 100,000 North East students demand new Brexit referendum #StopBrexit2018 #PeoplesVote #WATON #FBPE @jeremycorbyn @UKLabour @Keir_Starmer 
Each year, thousands of Irish women travel to the UK for an abortion. Come May 25, that could change, as Ireland holds a referendum on whether to legalize abortion for the first time  
Yesterday Channel 4 investigated how the Scottish fishing industry is on the verge of collapse due to BrexitYet almost nothing made of it by Scottish media 
Tony Blair on #r4today: “We actually do more trade with Germany than the whole of the Commonwealth”. Read and share his article on the Brexit deadlock here:  #BrexitFacts 
Very excited to be at the Brexit and the island of Ireland conference today @UKandEU. I hope to be a charmingly divisive presence throughout the day's proceedings 
It is easier to change a No voter to Yes than the other way.  This Union is broken and irrepairable and we have the UK Governments, especially Tories to thank for this.Before our next referendum, try to change the minds of one person at least.  Pensions, NHS, Prescriptions etc. 
This is an incredible longread on Ireland’s abortion referendum, with the most heartbreaking stories. By @deefinnerty 
Are you concerned that the government is not in the tiniest bit prepared for #Brexit ? Well, worry no longer, the lorry parks for the rotting goods are being commissioned : 
Is this really the the only solution you can come up with ?...YOU "STUPID" "STUPID" TORIES !!..The only sensible solution is to STOP BREXIT RIGHT NOW !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
So Theresa has a keener finger on the pulse of Scotland than Nicola, re referendum, has she?  Aye right! 
A strong Pro-European candidate selected in #LewishamEast. Labour MPs in the North East & Merseyside backing a #PeoplesVote. The pressure is building for a change in @UKLabour party policy on #Brexit. Let's deliver the change we believe in!   
Your reminder of what Eurostar told the Brexit committee  
Well. The BBC did do that BREXIT debate hosted by Glenn Campbell. They put a Labour candidate in the audience - Paul Sweeney - surprise surprise. @FionaHyslop did a fine job. But it was more an anti indyref2 stooshie than a BREXIT debate. A well picked BBC audience. #picktheplant 
I *was* homeless with a husband dying of MND, refused benefits and housing. I *am* a disabled, widowed pensioner with no savings - prime target for the Nazti Party.Don’t try to shame me - your JC is abandoning all of us and enabling the Tories with Brexit. (I voted Labour in GE) 
28/ it seems Brexit is not about taking back any sort of control at all which is funny because if being in the EU does in fact give us control of our laws, money and borders that would better reflect the will of the people  
Tony Blair on @BBCr4today: “If you’re part of the Customs Union [and not the Single Market] you’re in the position of being a rule taker but not a rule maker.” Read his article on the Brexit deadlock in full:  #BrexitFacts #r4today 
Tony Blair is a disgraced and discredited former Prime Minister who took Britain under false pretences into an unwinnable war, the repercussions of which will be felt for decades to come. His reputation lies in tatters. He's a toxic brand. And he is absolutely right about Brexit. 
A horrific week for Women in Ireland. Abductions, assaults, murder.And in the midst of it is a referendum on what a Woman wants to do with her own body, when the main problem in our society is what certain men want to do with a Woman's body.#RepealThe8th #Referendum2018 
Unsurprising - BBC's failure to challenge the Brexit story is an absolute disgrace. It's not just that people are bored with politics, they've got fed up with JRM and IDS being given a free ride.  
Another Mushoom ( kept in dark and fed on shit) ...   has just said to me "Don't care if we fall out of The G7..what did The G7 ever do for us"!This is where .@BBCNews  propaganda has led the Country, what a rude awakening it's going to be.#brexit #FBPE 
This means a majority in @ScotParl & NI Assembly for a #SingleMarket&CustomsUnion solution. Yet Tory @GovUk - a minority in both places - blocking that democratic choice.....Brexit: NI parties unite in EU border appeal - BBC News  
20yrs ago the people of Ireland voted overwhelming to support GFA The DUP tried to wreck it then & r still trying r wreck it now with Brexit The people voted overwhelming in support of GFAThe people demand we stay in single market & custom unionDUP don’t speak 4 the ppl  
Each year, thousands of Irish women travel to the UK for an abortion. Come May 25, that could change, as Ireland holds a referendum on whether to legalize abortion for the first time  
Labour is in "the worst of both worlds" over Brexit, says Tony Blair  & report  
Blair on @BBCr4today makes it clear Remoaner plan is to keep the deal as close as possible to the EU - Customs Union / Single Market - disparage advantages of trade deals, then have 2nd Referendum to say ‘why bother leaving’? Total disdain for democracy & the British people 
I see Tony Blair has made yet another anti-Brexit intervention. The whole Remain campaign is starting to look like the schedule of a low budget TV channel, the same few faded past hits repeatedly paraded out in succession. Blair. Clegg. Miliband. Clegg. Blair. Miliband. Repeat. 
Groundhog Day klaxon. Tony Blair making the *exact same arguments* on Radio 4 Today this morning as the remain campaign made during the referendum two years ago. 
Tony Blair @BBCr4today: The final decision should be taken by the British people on whether they’d like to proceed with Brexit based on the final deal. Listen live:  #BrexitFacts #r4today 
The BBC has been accused of failing to address a loss of trust among Scots which followed its coverage of the independence referendum. 
#Brexit talks resume with officials today. Last week I wrote this summary of outstanding issues in the Withdrawal Agreement (with obligatory comedy video) - What is left to agree in the Brexit Treaty?  
Tony Blair now on @BBCr4today talking sense on Brexit. 
Dear @Ashleyfoxmep: I saw you talking about #Brexit on the BBC's Sunday Politics West Country programme on Sunday morning.  I was very surprised to hear you say #citizensrights are all sorted when:  1/   
"As polls continue to express NI voters’ unease with the Government’s intention of leaving both the customs union and single market... why certain Unionist leaders have become ardent cheerleaders for the hardest Brexit is baffling."  
Joint statement from Alliance,Sinn Fein, SDLP and Greens on need for NI to remain in customs union & single market.The DUP don't speak for Northern Ireland on Brexit, other parties have  consensus on the issue- based on ensuring economic stability and future for this place.  
Everything part from Brexit is 'quietly'. Such is the tragedy  
Another reminder that the DUP do not speak for Northern Ireland on #Brexit  
"When the Prime Minister said #Brexit was about taking back control, did she mean the Conservative Party seizing control of the state in the interests of the Conservative Party alone?” savage @Andrew_Adonis on number of Tory peers appointed this weekend 
Tony Blair: “Today we publish a comprehensive guide to the issues around the Customs Union or Customs Partnership as a means of unlocking the deadlock of the Brexit negotiation” Please read and share his essay #BrexitFacts 
Northern Ireland electorate now 2/3 against Brexit yet their wishes ignored as DUP enforces Tory policy  
In 2015, Arron Banks of Leave. EU  had a 6-hour meeting at the Russian Embassy at the invitation of Russian intelligence.He gave the Russians the "inside track on #Brexit".We don't know what may have been offered in return.#r4today pic.twitter.com/PBqcX1KXj3 
The Government is committed to delivering Brexit.The Opposition believes it can negotiate a 'better' Brexit.So you can either have your shit sandwich as it comes or with seasoning. 
Chris Grayling - whose every touch turns to stone - has worked his usual magic with the new rail timetable. Another reason to stop Brexit - he goes and the trains run on time again 
I look forward to Conservatives applying the same standard to Russian donations received by their Party, and the source and integrity of the dark money DUP received for Brexit campaign. #RussianMoney #SaudiMoney 
It's clear that the f*ckwits running @UKLabour think that their abysmal Local Election results & being behind the polls against the worst Tory Govt in history is due to Ken Livingstone etc. They have NO IDEA it is actually because of their insane Pro Brexit stance. Utter cretins 
Having completely destroyed Britain's chances of a decent Brexit deal, remainers are now trying to cover their tracks and deny responsibility for their destructive actions. Yes, Remainers are 100% to blame for getting us the worst possible deal. They were told and ignored us.  
Piece also contains a nugget that reveals so much about how the current govt operates: Brexit minister, top UK trade negotiator, and think tank dude met regularly on Mondays before 9am at think tank cafeteria. No officials present, no minutes, nada. ‘Not official business’. Right 
Northern Ireland’s further shift to ‘remain’ further undermines Brexit. Increasingly clear that Brexit will destroy the United Kingdom as well as our position in Europe 
Disproportionate number of key Brexiteers aren't British, aren't British born, are married to immigrants or don't trouble themselves to live in UK because tax havens are far more alluring. But Brexit wasn't about sovereignty for many people.... it was about race 
At no time has being a member of the EU prevented the Government investing in coastal communities,landscapes or habitats. Just imagine what the £600m/ week that Brexit is costing could have achieved. Instead you sacrificed that for inane ideological insanity.  
Brexit has sucked the air out of everything. Nothing is happening. Social care like everything else is being neglected. As for austerity cuts, they, like inequality, are in themselves hugely expensive. This irony has not yet visited the small brains of our ruling elite [sic] 
Daily reminder that if any referendum had taken place anywhere in the world with the same amount of illegality as the Brexit one, the international community including the UK would refuse to accept its outcome. 
Brexit and the island of Ireland - new report produced by @UKandEU 
Do you want to be remembered as being on their side of the Brexit debate?  
'They're trying to stop Brexit' Douglas Carswell SHAMES political elite in FURIOUS rant  
Brexit has, for many people, offered an unforgettable fully frontal close-up display of all the most repugnant characteristics of the Tory party in a way that, for most voters, will hopefully be impossible to erase from memory. 
Brexit Bill to put Scotland's food and drink industries at risk as US trade groups want to axe vital food name protections which safeguard the reputation and quality of Scottish products including Whisky, Scotch Beef and Lamb, and Stornoway Black Pudding.  
Britain cannot afford to be choosy about its friends after Brexit  
Brexit is happening. The country won’t stop. Life will go on. Labour’s mission, now, is getting elected at the next General Election so we can implement our fantastic manifesto and see @JeremyCorbyn transform the country, #ForTheMany! 
The times they are a-changing: even the New Statesman urges Corbyn to oppose Brexit, and to support a People's Vote on the final deal.   
The scandal of what Brexit will do to Britain if it happens is too great for most of us to encompass. Even remainers are still in denial. The whole situation is an outrage and defies a decent person’s wildest imagination. #PeoplesVote 
Out now: English Trees (a Brexit poem) by Peter Jaeger - a minimalist, conceptual book-length poem. Follow the link for more information.  
The real war within the Tory party? It starts after Brexit | Rafael Behr  
Ireland’s abortion referendum is revolutionary politics, whoever wins | Lizzie O’Shea  
Ryanair yesterday reported a 10% increase in full year profit after tax to €1.45bn, as lower fares (down 3%), stimulated 9% traffic growth to over 130m guests, & an industry leading 95% load factor. Shares up 4.97% to €16.27 - For someone who loathes BREXIT, O'Leary doing well 
Time to take back control from the Brexit fanatics, to proudly declare we are an open, progressive country that rejects narrow minded, backward looking beliefs. Our natural home is in the European family of nations, for the many, not the few. Back a #peoplesvote! 
Read this to understand the staggering extent to which the publics' votes were manipulated by Cambridge Analytica/SCL - Newly leaked docs highlight their 'standard strategies - terrifying. No way Brexit Ref / US 2016 election can be considered legal now:    
London's housing slump deepens as Brexit clouds the outlook for the property market  
Yawn! Yes let's just stay in a union hell bent on causing the biggest crash in the economy, living standards and workers rights in modern history whilst backing your parties plan for another EU referendum where our votes can be disregarded once again #ScotRef 
Four party leaders @moneillsf @columeastwood @naomi_long & Steven Agnew issue a joint statement about #Brexit  
Has the world ignored developments in Burundi as the referendum clearly sets out to kill the Arusha peace accord and all hopes for a new pathway in Burundi. #AfricansRising @SarahBireete 
LATEST REPORT: #Brexit and the island of Ireland@hayward_katy @BrexitLawNI @BrigidLaffan @matt_bevington @AlanJWager @r_ortegaargiles @QUBelfast @QPolAtQueens @jamiepow @CSBarnard24 @Policy_Exchange 
Whoa. Put more bluntly -- this analysis suggests that Twitter bot usage may have thrown BOTH the 2016 US and Brexit elections.  
Four Stormont parties issue joint Brexit statement: remain in the single market and customs unionvia @IrishTimes 
Twitter bots helped Trump and Brexit win, economic study says  via @bpolitics 
Sums up #Brexit perfectly ... c @SKZCartoons 
They looked at Brexit and the 2016 US election. "Our analysis ... suggests that a percentage point increase in the share of pro-Trump tweets in total tweets is associated with a 0.59 percentage point increase in the share of actual pro-Trump votes." 
The Brexiters make the very big mistake of thinking it’s just all about them. There are 27 other countries involved - & there’s Ireland, Gibraltar - & there’s the majority of the British people wanting to Stop Brexit & to have a PeoplesVote to prove it.  
Yet @BBCScotland clearly know that Scotland faces harder brexit outcomes than rUK; and, particular Scottish Industries will be devastated by brexit.They know we need our EU citizen families due to our demographics.And yet, Silence from them.Complete failure by BBCScotland.  
‘Twitter Bots Helped Trump and Brexit Win, Economic Study Says’ 
Brexit: invisible borders still exist - just because there are no checks on the border, that doesn't mean that border controls don't exist, or that the border has ceased to be. Even in France, there are interior checks  ...  #Brexinfo. 
Four days to the Republic of Ireland’s Referendum on life, whether to allow an unborn baby to live or die. How awful! Let us pray together that the scourge of abortion will not be brought to Ireland by a vote of its own people. #savethe8th #ProLife 
Brexit seems to be having a bizarre effect on some politicians, including dangerous delusions..... what utter nonsense from Michael Gove.  
Support for Brexit is collapsing across the UK.In Northern Ireland, backing for Leave falls 13 points to just 31%. 69% would vote to #Remain.And across the UK, the majority now say Brexit is wrong and would vote to #Remain, polls show.So #StopBrexit.  
No, brexit removes opportunities to revive coastal communities....etc. because the money will no longer be available. 
... "As the simple passage of time ruthlessly exposes Brexit’s rancid dishonesty and illuminates its epochal futility, it also emboldens the movement to stop the calamity altogether." ...#FBPE 
Why @Peston did you ever take it for granted that #Brexit was a done deal. The referendum did not end large scale opposition to #Brexit, and given that the UK is still a democracy, that meant that #Brexit continued to be a live issue. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
A heated debate is taking place ahead of Ireland's upcoming referendum on abortion, and it's riddled with misinformation. Here's what the science says  
British media hasn't been covering the abortion referendum seriously? What do you mean? Did you not catch the rousing article in the New Statesman last month, entitled 'Ireland is a country [1] where abortion is illegal in most circumstances"?! 
Joint #Brexit statement co-signed bySinn Féin VP and Assembly leader Michelle O’Neill, SDLP leader Colum Eastwood, Alliance Party leader Naomi Long and Green Party NI leader Steven Agnew  
For those interested in supporting the new Clean Brexit Party (see previous tweet and the letters page of today’s Times) please enter contact and constituency information and read all about it at  
Given the government’s incompetent handling of Brexit and despairing that anyone else will do anything about it, I am starting a new Clean Brexit Party which will fight elections on a ‘no deal’ platform with policies designed to seize post-Brexit opportunities. Please support it. 
#GlobalBritain in the #IndoPacific, a new report casting for a robust foreign policy vision for post-Brexit Britain  | Henry Jackson Society  via @HJS_Org 
Twitter bots may have affected voters on Brexit, U.S. presidential race: study  
Really interesting to read #Kagame cheerleaders (rightfully) denounce #Burundi's referendum, in which 74% "supported" a constitutional amendment allowing Nkurunziza to rule until 2034. When you raise #Rwanda's referendum, in which 99% voted to allow Kagame to do the same:  
He's already started. This is why we have Brexit in the UK. Poland in a mess, Ukraine being invaded. Absolute madness how one man is creating such havoc. 
I'm sorry, nothing even you guys can come up with jokingly will be as ridiculous as the "In Ireland, moral dilemmas are as ever present in the air as fiddle music" that the BBC opened a report on the Marriage Equality referendum with with with a completely straight face 
My 93-year-old grandmother-in-law had 10 children, widowed decades, made sure all her kids got educated. In 2015, she voted Yes in the marriage referendum & this weekend she declared she was voting Yes in this referendum.It’s on shoulders like hers that this country stands 
Opinion: Michael Gove claims that Brexit has made the UK less divided and more open to migration – what nonsense  
First the Queen wears EU colours to the state opening of Parliament, then she wears People's Vote colours to the Royal Wedding. Is she trying to send us a message?If you support a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal, join the march on June 23. RSVP:  
Stop comparing Ireland and the UK. They did that during the divorce referendum but in Ireland we’ve one of the lowest rates of divorce while the UK has one of the highest in Europe. We’re not the same country and we need separate healthcare #repeal #tonighttv3 
Contrary to Fidelma’s opinion on #HumanRights - I, Erica Fleming, will be voting YES on 25/05/18 in the referendum as I believe #Women should have the #HumanRight to decide what is best for them during their pregnancy #Repeal8th #Together4Yes #tonightTV3 @Together4yes #Choice 
Brexit news: NO HARD BORDER – Irish nationalists and unionists unite to reject checkpoints  
This Ian McKenzie tweet is genuinely concerning. He appears to suggest that AS, Brexit and Salisbury are being used as weapons within Labour First circles to undermine Jeremy Corbyn. Can somebody in UK Labour investigate this? @JennieGenSec 
Irish fear unregulated online ads will turn abortion referendum into the next Brexit  
Why doesn't a single person who voted for Brexit have a quantifiable benefit they can explain? 
I have a knot in my stomach about the 8th and now I’m realising that’s how gay people must have felt before the marriage referendum. Does Ireland hate us? Does Ireland see us as equal? We’ll see on Friday. 
Most people now think Brexit is wrong and most people would now vote to #Remain in the EU, polls consistently show. Brexiters have lost the argument and lost the public. #StopBrexit. 
The latest events in Italy show that #Brexit is not a one-off event in the EU, but the beginning of a long, slow disintegration,says William Hague.#EUFail 
I'm French, and white. I am not an 'expat' in Britain, where I've lived for 31 years. I'm a migrant, an immigrant, as right-wing media have been telling us non-stop before and since the referendum. I've never been called an 'expat'. Also: 'Europeans' can be white, brown or black  
Does anyone else feel unnervingly sad hearing about the deaths of Anastasia & Jastine? Like within nearly 3 weeks, 3 women have been violently murdered in the country?Between the referendum & the cervical check scandal,it makes me sick how unsafe the country has become for women. 
ICYMI, me and @ottocrat discuss Soft Brexit, why it is a pale and deeply flawed simulacrum of EU Membership, and why it is very unlikely to represent a stable arrangement.There's also a bit of culture. 
Seems to have gone barely noticed, or at least hardly mentioned, but tomorrow is the 20th anniversary of the referendum on the Agreement. The day when the people of Ireland, north and south, backed partnership, equality, mutual respect and shared endeavour. A day of real hope. 
When #remain lost the referendum we all came together to continue the fight.As Brexit falls apart the Brexiteers turn on each other, UKIP disintegrates, the Tory cabinet cannot agree and the right wing press goes ballistic.Nice people.#FBPE 
Tomorrow marks 20 years since the referendum on the GFA. In NI, 81.1% of voters turned out. 71.1% voted Yes. In the South, 56.2% of voters turned out. 94.4% voted Yes. More than 2.1 million votes combined in favour of the agreement compared to 360k against. 
Leavers will welcome increased immigration from Turkey and with it the  cultural diversity that will be the hallmark of global Post #brexit Britain  
It's been a horrible few weeks in Ireland. 2 young women murdered in the last few days, referendum nastiness, cervical check affair, disclosures tribunal, Paddy Jackson trial, Jason Corbett stuff. It'd get you down. Look out for yourselves and each other as Jerry used say. 
I cannot believe that I am watching Ivan Yates interview the Mam from Crystal Swing over Skype about why she's voting No. The sooner this referendum is over the better. 
10) In fact C’s is so satisfied with the violence of the Spanish police in Catalonia during the referendum that has called to officially award the agents involved for their merits. 1066 people were injured in their actions. 
The proportion of people in Northern Ireland wanting to Remain has risen since the 2016 referendum.  
All this referendum talk is making me hungry now I wouldnt mind a 3 in 1 and abortion of chicken balls 
9) January 2018. Arrimadas and Rivera demonstrating with extreme right leaders of VOX, holding the same banner, and calling for an increase in salaries for the Spanish police 3 months after their violent attacks during the Catalan referendum. 
Literally Brexit in 50 seconds  
We were told we would have “the closest thing to federalism” and now we find the Scottish Government being power stripped to sell off goods for a Brexit deal.  
Between Northern Ireland and Eire, we already have:a tax border,a currency border,an immigration border,a km vs miles border,an excise border,a security border, a political border,an international border. Isn't that already 'hard'?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
Some interesting thoughts on #Labour ‘s evolving position on #Brexit when faced with a costly damaging Tory #brexitshambles : 
Welcome to brave new world of Brexit. Those who live in Kent and regular users of the M20 will have views about this  
This is your #Brexit Jacob Rees Mogg MP, bringer of chaos and nonsense.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg This is the Brexit that you voted to trigger Article 50 for, without a plan.This your doing.This is your mess.You own this.#Brexit#PeoplesVote 
Will it aye? What was the last one built on? You’ve had your chance and it is a stale debate. A referendum will not fix our NHS, our schools, or our police force.  
Hard Brexit needs to be defeated says the Brexit guy from the party advocating leaving the Single Market.  
Colum Eastwood and the repeal referendum  
Some Tory MPs are preparing for another snap general election re: Brexit split. Retweet if you are ready for another election. #JeremyCorbyn for Prime Minister. 
I don't want to see SIU sucked into this debate. I want SIU to focus on stopping another referendum, not engaging on policy. That's what Sturgeon wants & needs. She wants to dictate the narrative. Focus instead on her abysmal record in government & why she's doing sfa about it.  
So Alastair (got an ermine robe for selling out his country) Darling says there won’t be another referendum in his lifetime. If that’s the case why are you bleating on about it then!!! #indyref 
.@guyverhofstadt: ‘there will never be a green light for the withdrawal agreement unless it includes free movement for @BritishInEurope’ (45:27).                 Thank you for continuing to fight our corner #Brexit #citizensrights  
Tony Blair & Co are at work in Northern Ireland causing trouble over the  border to stop Brexit. I would like to see him taken to court after Brexit. 
Good. But Russian elections and the Turkey referendum were shams too; Trump picked up the phone and congratulated Erdogan—and Putin despite the fairly clear instructions of “DO NOT CONGRATULATE.”  
BREAKING: Twitter Bots Helped Trump and Brexit Win, Economic Study Says #TrumpColluded 
There is a long standing convention that the Lords does not ask the Commons to think again about a Bill or measure that was in the governing party’s Manifesto. In trashing that convention over #Brexit, the Lords may be signing their own death warrant.  
You are failing the country @DavidDavisMPMy industry is already moving, your #Brexit is trashing itYou promised a “Strong and stable”, £350m a week for the NHSYou have delivered financial, corporate, domestic & international chaos, plus a racist government. #PeoplesVote 
Siri show me Brexit....  
How much longer is Labour willing to be in coalition with this Government on Brexit? 
All of those opportunities where there before Brexit of course.  
Can't help thinking that Eric Morecambe's approach to the Brexit negotiations woulda borne more fruit.  
In East Lothian where I live the electorate voted NO in the independence referendum with a 62% vote. Should a second referendum happen and a similar vote takes place can we then opt to remain part of the UK and independent from Scotland. Seems to be how it works. 
The UN "expert" who said that Brexit has made Britain racist supported Mugabe.As you know, Mugabe has been incredibly racist towards white farmers in Zimbabwe, stealing their land.In other words, UN is not to be trusted. 
Shoutout to those working in broadcasting who can't express their views about the referendum and are limited to frustrated whatsapp messages and screaming into their pillows. NEARLY THERE. 
It would seem Ruth Davidson is determined that Scotland, its economy. Ibdustry & society should suffer the same fate as rUK post Brexit.  I think that's pretty unacceptable.  We need independence yesterday.  
The M20 announces post #Brexit plans to compete with the M25 for the title of the UK's largest lorry park.Don't worry car drivers, you'll just have a contraflow system to deal with.For sanity's sake we need a #PeoplesVote leading to an #ExitfromBrexit 
Pray for Ireland this week as they vote on an abortion referendum on May 25. The pressure on Ireland has been growing from the global abortion industry, the media, and some of their own politicians to be the last country in the West to fall to abortion.  
At this point the best deal for the UK is no deal. The EU’s demands are obscene, seek to punish us & are trying to bleed the UK for even more money. The deal May is making will see us remain under EU control & will stop a real brexit from happening. Quit now & use WTO rules  
Here we go... As soon as @NicolaSturgeon mentions the mear possibility of triggering a second indy referendum, the UK Gov deploy their 'We wouldn't be able to breath if it wasn't for Scotland'. We won't fall for it and have heard it millions of times.  
Douglas Carswell - "Two years on, the political elite are trying to stop #Brexit. They are doing it in two different ways. "They are trying to de-legitimise the result or use the law through court cases and the House of Lords so we leave in name only."  
if the Tories can’t strike a deal with Nando’s, I am not confident about their ability to get a decent Brexit deal 
Steve Hilton - “A 2015 report by Politico found EU officials recorded over 4,000 meetings with lobbyists in just six months, including companies like Google, General Electric and Airbus." #Brexit  
Great lecture in Speaker Bercow’s series, by @nick_clegg on perils of Brexit. He urges MPs to act with courage, not be cowed by charge of ‘saboteurs’. Believes that  ‘despite some huffing & puffing’ #EU27 would agree Art 50 delay while UK reflected calmly on destination 
For the time being I will not comment on what people who don’t want another referendum say 1.I want to decide the future political, economic and social direction of my country/help shape our future 2.We are having an independence referendum 3.We will win #ProudScot 
Farmers. Watch this and weep. If this is how he can spin Brexit, how can you take anything he says on anything else seriously?  
'Jeremy Corbyn’s quickest path to Downing Street might well now be to block May’s deal and, by putting the question back to the people, to derail Brexit altogether.' well wouldn't that be an idea @jeremycorbyn  #PeoplesVote 
M20 to be used as lorry park to counter Brexit jams at Channel A stretch of the M20 in Kent will be used as a temporary lorry park should Brexit result in queues forming at Channel ports, under the latest government contingency plans. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Listening to @nick_clegg at Speaker’s lecture series. He is urging Parliament to take back control of the Brexit process. I feel it’s too late. Parliament is too weak. We need the People to #takebackcontrol and have the final say with a @peoplesvote_uk 
Even if the Scottish Parliament votes to have a second referendum @RuthDavidsonMSP wants her boss to say no. Standing up for Scotland and democracy again 
Part of M20 to be used as lorry park to counter Brexit jams at Channel  
My God watching channel 4 news, DUP MP Ian Paisley has more or less said that the the people in UK who don't like Brexit need to put up and shut up. Well he can get knotted. He does not represent us at all. #PeoplesVote. 
Boris Johnson and now Ian Paisley on #c4news telling Theresa May its a hard brexit or its over for her....looking inevitable that this will all lead to her either going or another election...or both....bring it on...any which way #channel4news 
'There is a prima facie case that criminal offences were committed by Vote Leave during the Referendum Campaign.'    
SDLP leader Colum Eastwood has said he supports a 'yes' vote in the upcoming Irish abortion referendum  
Tell that to the NHS which is haemorrhaging staff due to the #HostileEnvironment, and can't hire new staff because of the arbitrary immigration limits imposed by the #Brexit headbangers.   
“British lamb would be facing a 51 per cent tariff in a no-deal [#Brexit] situation which would push us out of the marketplace” says Minette Batters, President of @NFUtweets. This would be particularly disastrous for #Yorkshire’s rural economy. 
. . . but only if you STOP BREXIT! What does anyone have to do to get you to admit it?!  BREXIT IS BAD FOR BRITAIN!Do the right thing!  Explain to the people they have been lied to, that the EU is NOT to blame for our woes, and fight to stop Brexit! @FT 
In this referendum, I’m voting YES! This time next week I want women to have the right to choose. I want Irish women to own every decision regarding their bodies. #VoteYes #RepealThe8th 
On the last referendum I hoped the Scots would stay with us. If this Brexit shambles actually happens I wouldn't blame them for leaving us.  
Ryanair “intends to scrap voting rights for UK shareholders in the event of a hard Brexit, meaning it remains majority-owned and controlled by EU investors at all times to comply with its licences.” (Evening Standard, 21/5/2018) #BrexitShambles #WhyDidntTheExpertsWarnUs? #twats pic.twitter.com/pNr2l0fNPd 
I'm surprised Michael Gove didn't go the whole hog and say that Brexit has strengthened Britain's membership of the EU, deepened its participation in the single market, and solidified its commitment to the customs union. 
Our #tonightshowtv3 starts at earlier time of 10.30 but still runs until midnight. Some really interesting people for you to meet on topic of #8thAmendment referendum. Will tweet details later. And we have a fact checker on duty too. 
BREXIT: Part of M20 to be used as lorry park to counter Brexit jams at Channel  / #EU #Brexit  
BREXIT: Michael Gove claims that #Brexit has made UK less divided and more open to migration.. What utter nonsense / 
As @mehdirhasan shows, the links between Trump and Fox run deep. You cannot understand his success without understanding Fox, just as you cannot understand Brexit without the UK right wing press.  
This is what the Tories want and thru the power grab and Brexit they could get the means to push it all through without Scotland's consent. Are #YouYesYet #Scotref #indyref2 #VoteYes #EndTheFarce and the #Mayhem #FreeScotland #Resist 
.@michael_chessum and I disagree on lots of things, but this isn’t one of them; The left (of which I am proud to call myself a member) need to get real about what Brexit looks like: attacking workers rights, environmental standards and human rights. #FFS#PeoplesVote 
Could this mark the end of @UKHouseofLords? Over 160,000 people have signed a petition calling for a referendum on the abolition of the Lords.  
If an election DOESN’T happen. #Brexit DEFINITELY will. .@jeremycorbyn absolutely right to not call for a 2nd Referendum or come out now for Remain. I support him 100%. Brexit and it’s ruinous mess belongs entirely to the nasty Tories.  
Should Scotland have a new independence referendum once the Brexit deal is known? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
Brexit tram spotted in Sheffield.  
Hey @michaelgove, I left the UK because of #Brexit, been told to get a job elsewhere and to speak English to my daughter. Shut up and go fuck yourself you slimy liar.  
2018 Irish gay culture is being too closeted to campaign during the Marriage Equality referendum so instead using all that latent outrage to fight for repeal 
How UK media be expected to understand the domestic dynamics of Ireland’s Brexit stance? Those irish newspapers are just so ambiguous  
Before you go Ken, ask your mate Jeremy to go with you, so that we can have a leader that offers an end to Brexit, a Labour Government & our country back... 
Italy has Awoken...Luigi Di Maio shrugged off warnings from "Eurocrats that nobody elected""We heard some unelected commissioner say that Italy has to continue to do what it's always done, or rather - pull its trousers down!"Viva l'Italia!#Brexit #EU 
But I think there's something here, and that hunch is strong enough to warrant more work. Because it could explain why Scottish voters aren't as alarmed as NI voters. Scottish voters don't know what Brexit will do to them, because the Scottish media don't tell them. 
In contrast, these are three screen shots of The Herald in Scotland. The headlines here seem mostly concerned with Brexit as a UK process, and not a Scottish one. There doesn't seem to be a focus on what Brexit does to Scotland.  
Regardless of Brexit, the City of London is facing a bleak future  
If there is a snap election Remainers will once again be forced into tactical voting to prevent either Labour or Tory gaining an outright majority, while at the same time trying to push up the number of seats held by pro-EU parties.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
"I do not believe there will be another Scottish referendum in the foreseeable future, possibly not in my lifetime."Alistair Darling, chair of the Better Together Campaign during the 2014 independence referendum, says the British public are "heartily sick of referendums".  
Brexit Explained  
Figs show French firms registered 48% fewer businesses in UK in '16-'17 than prev financial year, Belgium 38% & NL 52% fewer. #Brexit means they won't build new factories or buy UK businesses. OECD says foreign direct investment fell by 90% in '17. No wonder majority want 2nd ref 
Europe's Italian problem is bigger than Brexit, says @Clive_Crook  via @bopinion 
Oh dear ... #brexit = increased phone charges !- Phone companies have to give advance warnings- There is no hiding this !Any comment from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @michaelgove @DavidDavisMP or @BorisJohnson or @LiamFox on the cost of doing international trade ??? pic.twitter.com/UDUSr8GnVN 
Wrote about the referendum and trauma.  
Imagine the UK voting 52%-48% in favour of the death penalty in an advisory referendum and all the anti-death penalty MPs talking about delivering a softer death penalty to respect the will of the people. 
We have had two shocks in recent times, #Brexit and #President Trump. They say that things come in threes. Hopefully, the next shock will be @ForBritainParty winning the #LewishamEastByElection on 14th June 2018, under the leadership of @AMDWaters. 
Guys, how do you square @jeremycorbyn saying a few months ago that he'd vote Remain in a hypothetical second referendum and @UKLabour attacks on Single Market (anti Freedom of Movement) and the EU in general (limits to state aid for companies...) 
Italy's new government could be an even bigger wrecking ball than Brexit  via @bopinion 
Axel "the Gruffalo" Scheffler helped create some of the really good things about British culture (and some of its most valuable exports).  This is how Brexit makes him feel.  
BSOS karen Bradley says north will NOT remain Custom Union says it on day survey shows 70%  ppl want 2 stay in custom union & single market Tory Gov & DUP don’t represent the views of ppl on #Brexit.Time to chose which union you want to be a part of - Union with Britain or EU  
There is growing evidence that the 2016 #brexit referendum was not conducted fairly. @carolecadwalla  and others are doing some sterling work exposing apparent funding, coordination and data protection irregularities. Time for a fair #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
My economic policies.1) Nobody on the min wage should pay tax or Nat Ins.This would be a great incentive for people to work. 2) We should make it less attractive for the able bodied not to work.3) We can save the net £10bn a year we pay the EU (after Brexit) 
.@michael_chessum from @Another_Europe: "Jeremy's quickest path to No 10 might be to block Theresa May's deal and by putting the question back to the people, derail #Brexit altogether." Michael is right, but it's not just the quickest route to power, it is the principled one.  
The US has dismissed #Maduro’s 68% election victory as a “sham” even though int’l observers were present to monitor irregularities. Somehow, elections resulting in victories that compromise US interests are all “shams,” like the RUS & IRN pres. elections & the Crimea referendum.  
As Brexit blunders along its doomed trajectory between tragedy and farce the Court of Session in Edinburgh will tomorrow hear whether the United Kingdom has the right to say 'Enough already' and withdraw the Article 50 notice. Please support us here  
Delighted to have spoken today at the @IPPRNorth #BrexitNorth conference, looking at the multiple problems that #BrexitShambles would cause in all northern regions — and why so many people are asking for a chance to reconsider #Brexit once the actual withdrawal deal is known ...  
The May 17 referendum process in #Burundi was marred by a lack of transparency, the suspension of media outlets, and attempts to pressure voters. We call on the government to respect its citizens’ rights to freedom of expression, assembly, and association. 
Tories draw up new plans to park lorries on motorway if there's 'serious disruption' after Brexit  
Guys - it's so important everyone coming to Life on Friday get's up to vote before joining us. This is an incredibly important, closely fought referendum and every single vote counts. 
This is more nonsense from David Lammy. Countries across the World sign free trade deals with other countries without any free movement of people being part of the deal. Once we've left the protectionist Customs Union we can actually sign deals. Inside it we're stuck. #brexit  
Figures from Companies House have revealed a dramatic drop in the number of European Businesses registering in the UK, while OECD figures have shown a 90% decline in foreign direct investment.A sign of things to come for Brexit Britain.  
City of London is already dying by Brexit thousand cutsNot only bankers, traders and other finance professionals leave London because it’s legally or practically more convenient to move to the Continent, the real risk is the bankers who won’t come 
UN official who claimed that Brexit had made Britain more racist was apparently a supporter of Mugabe. Not a good look, @UN. 
Essential reading once again from @IanDunt The Brexit tactic seems to be: talk about unicorns buried in texts that no one can understand or will try to find. That way you cannot be scrutinised during an interview. Thanks @Jim_Cornelius @CoppetainPU 
All the old better back together forever stars are in a panic. Sharing a platform with the DUP. Desperate stuff. They’ve nada to pitch the union. Absolutely nothing. BREXIT has destroyed their case. Total economic and social implosion awaits. 
Dear Theresa May,If Jacob is being a naughty boy and won’t do as Nanny says, try threatening him with another referendum with an option to stay in the EU. He won’t trouble you any more.Best wishes,The 48%#peoplesvote 
As sophisticated as the corporate branded campaigns look...They consistently fail to engage people.People aren't going to change their minds until they see how #Brexit will directly affect their lives.We need to bring the argument down to a personal and emotional level.  
'Brexit has made Britain more welcoming to migrants?' pondered Alice, listening to the curious shiny faced man, who didn't like experts and was married to the Angry Queen of Print. 'Of course it has. And sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.'  
Theresa May is absolutely right.  Now is not the time for an independence referendum.  It should be held next March instead.  #IAgreeWithTheresa 
UUK has welcomed the Prime Minister's comments today that she would like to see the UK associate fully with the EU's next research and innovation programme. See our response here  #Brexit  
Great piece from @ChukaUmunna: "As each week goes by it is ever clearer that the Brexit staring us in the face in 2018 is very different from what that which was envisaged – it all lends further weight to calls for a People’s Vote on the Brexit deal." 
my DMs are open for referendum weekif you've been upset + really need to see a thread about Quokkas, send me a DM and I will put up a thread about Quokkas.Just run down + tired and need some photos of Elephant Shrews? Send the DM.Seals? DM.Pigs in boots? DM.#Together4Yes 
Will #Brexit end up #Engxit ?Change in the air in Scotland today. 
People who have such strong opinions about the referendum but “didn’t bother to register because it’s going to go through anyway” are just about as USELESS as these type of subtitles  
The majority are still in favour of our place in the UK. Only 30% of those polled in Scotland are against Union with the rest of the UK.Join the majority against another referendum here: Read more on the polling data here:  
Patrick Blower on Theresa May and a new timetable for Brexit  – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
For all of you Brexit nerds out there, I'm very close to finishing a feature on the single market/EEA and the MPs trying to keep Britain in it. It's awfully juicy. 
To put Ireland's abortion referendum in context: No one under the age of 53 has had the chance to vote on this issue. That's why thousands of young Irish voters are fighting tooth and nail to ensure they can get #hometovote to #repealthe8th  
BREAKING: Burundi backs constitutional changes in controversial referendum - electoral commission. More to follow:  
My view of Labour's position is "Hope for the best. Prepare for the worst"But there are many labour supporters who have faith that Jeremy will deliver them from BrexitPeople like me just wouldn't vote for you again. But @JeremyCorbyn if you betray THEMThey will end your career 
Thinking of all the women in Ireland still denied basic reproductive rights in the lead up to the referendum on the 25th.Solidarity from Wales. We are with you all the way. Women are  entitled to autonomy and choice. #RepealTheEighth 
David, I am not your constituent, or even your party, but you are saying and doing a lot of stuff that has my full support.  I know I am not alone when I say thanks for your rational, humane voice on Windrush and Brexit, just by way of examples. 
'As each week goes by it's clearer  the Brexit staring us in the face in 2018 is very different from  what was envisaged – all lends further weight to a people’s vote'. YES! 'Whisperings in Westminster. Both parties to change Brexit strategies this week'  
The NYS is a service under the Inspector General. Isnt it interesting to note that glutinous eating began only after Kimaiyo was pushed out. But these are the deeper details media will never give you, too busy looking for easy selling points i.e Uhuru tells Raila NO on Referendum 
Happy to answer questions about voting, and about the referendum proposal which is explained here  
Behind the scenes, things are moving in both main parties when it comes to Brexit. Here's what it means. @Independent  
Unbelievable, the Tories want so many peers in the upper house that they can ride roughshod over democracy. #Brexit doesn't mean taking back control, it means imposing a dictatorship.  
'Whisperings in Westminster tell me that both Labour and the Tories will change their Brexit strategies this week' | @ChukaUmunna  
Brexit, turning Kent into a massive lorry car park...  
"It's not the moment for another referendum" is not the same as "if you dare to go out and vote, we'll send 3,000 armed police at a cost of €87m to beat you over the head, then dissolve your parliament and put all your MPs in jail for an attempted rebellion". Just sayin' ...  
Incredible Incredible Janoon .. Workers convention turning into a massive rally .. Massive Rallies in Southern Punjab as well .. NS is rightly calling it a Referendum! #ChistianKiAwazSirfNawaz 
It certainly hasn’t with me, I was a ‘No’ voter in the Indyref and because of Brexit I will now be voting independence for Scotland. Another linked reason is to lose Michael Gove and his pals. 
Brextremist Michael Gove accusing the SNP of playing “identity politics” is beyond parody after he played a race card to sneak a tight referendum win #selfawarenessbypass 
I'll be on @lstwrd @todayfm this evening at 5.10pm with @cooper_m to call for #VoteYes in the #8thAmendment referendum this Friday, make sure to tune in 
PM bids to defuse Brexiteer anger at 'backstop' plan that would see UK stay tied to customs union to avoid hard Irish border. If we are in the Customs Union we are under EU control. How can that be Brexit? She is taking us for fools. 
If Corbyn opposed Brexit, Theresa May would have a 100-seat majority and #Brexit would be done and dusted by now.  
Alistair Darling: “I do not believe there will be another Scottish referendum in the foreseeable future, possibly not in my lifetime.” 
.@thomasbrake said “The surge of people in Northern Ireland who would now vote to remain in the EU also provides yet more evidence that there must be a vote on the final deal that provides the option of an exit from Brexit –particularly if that deal is a perilous one for Ireland”  
"Britain has become more welcoming to migration since the Brexit vote."Environment Secretary Michael Gove says Britain is "one of those EU nations with the warmest attitude towards migration".  
Benefits of Brexit # 1: You'll get to know the rural roads of Kent.The government is preparing a new scheme for emergency parking on the M20 to be ready in the event of post-Brexit customs delays at Dover.  
Whilst Northern Ireland voted Remain at #EURef recent evidence suggests that a significant portion of those who did vote leave have become #remainernow as reality of the adverse effect on the border come clear.The case to reconsider Brexit is apparent!  
Lord Darling doing a rerun of the 2014 independence referendum...[I thought this is something that we were to stop talking about] 
Hello Kent you are going to be a lorry park...enjoy Brexit.  
69% for Remain.In Northern Ireland, support for Brexit has plummeted - and support for Remain has shot up 13 points to 69%. They are clearly not liking the idea of their communities being steamrollered by Westminster hard Brexit plans. 
Hey everybody please get out and vote yes in this Friday’s referendum. If you can find one reason to believe woman should have a choice then that is enough.PLEASE VOTE YES, it’s too important.  
The Left needs to wake up. There is only one Brexit reality and it is a Tory one.That goes just as much for the people who back Lexit in abstract as it does for the remainers hiding  behind loyalty to the leadership.  
And before somebody pipes up with "But you knew there was going to be an EU referendum".No, we didn't!Cameron did say he'd hold one if he won the 2015 General Election.But no-one, not even the Tories, thought they'd win it.Even then, no-one thought leave would win either! 
'Hatred is the sea that terrorists need to swim in.’ No, exactly the opposite is true: hatred is the sea our Government needs to start swimming in. Hatred for the Jihadis & the anti-British sentiment which prevails over our shores. #Terrorism #Brexit  
They're trying to stop Brexit' Douglas Carswell SHAMES political elite in FURIOUS rant  
A former senior Cambridge Analytica employee told MPs’ that she believed prominent figures who backed Leave misused private data from Eldon Insurance Services Ltd and UKIP to influence the outcome of the Brexit referendum. (2/7) 
Didn’t Nicola sturgeon state that the referendum would be a once in a life time vote? Then why the hell is she wanting another one SCOTLAND SAID NO!! 
'The Irish border is not the insoluble obstacle to Brexit negotiations that it has been made out to be and the UK can leave the single market  and customs union while preserving a frictionless border in Ireland'  
What one piece of Jacob Rees-Mogg nonsense tells us about Brexit tactics  
From now on you may formally address me as the Monarch of Borderlandia, Lord and Lady Protector of the Molecular Line, Grand Duke and Duchess Too of Raspberry Ripple and Assorted Other Flavours, Baron Joyful, Baronness Wry of Twitter, and Destroyer of Brexit   
with 4 days left to go until the #repealthe8th referendum, please share this widely so as many undecided (& perhaps decided) voters can make a better informed choice. Choice is a good thing in a democracy #Together4Yes #TrustWomen 
Australia revolutionised their children and young people’s mental health services so why can’t we do the same?!If the government were to focus as much time, energy & resource on our mental health system as it is on Brexit, life could be better for many! #mentalhealthmatters 
.@michaelgove When you speak of the UK having "become more welcoming to migration since the referendum vote", do you mean stuff like this? 1/  
We always new this fight wasn't going to be easy & the odds would be stacked against us, but we don't scare easy & we're never going to stop fighting. There has never been an issue so important to us in our entire lives. It's us or Brexit! @Bremaininspain 
We had Brexit and Frexit... but Ital-exit is just far too clumsy. How about Italeave? 
And if 2018 becomes a referendum on impeachment (as it should), then we win.  Bigly. 
@DamianCollins    Guy, Mark owns the archive which will prove that the " brexit " leave vote was criminally procured. Please ask him to give it to Damian Collins MP 
If you think Brexit has strengthened the union if I have a lovely bag of magic beans I think you could be *really* keen on  
Our search for a #BrexitBenefit continuesWe caught up with @DUPleader Arlene Foster & asked her #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe?As you can see she gave us a detailed briefing of the Government's #Brexit plans so far & how it will benefit the British people!#StopBrexit #SODEMaction 
What? Yet another General Election? If a General Election happens in 2018, that’s 3 General Elections + 1 EU referendum in the past 4 years.Britain. Go home. You’re drunk.  
'Flights could be GROUNDED!' Ryanair boss issues ANOTHER dire Brexit WARNING. He’ll have Egg on His Face again? Why would thy ban U.K. Planes, surely we could do the same with Many EU Airlines!  
The real and radical change that the people of Scotland want will only be delivered by Labour in government, not another independence referendum. @LabourRichard says the SNP government in Edinburgh should be focused on jobs, schools and hospitals. 
Theresa May denies Brits could languish in foreign jails post-Brexit, as the UK has an expert negotiator for such matters:  
Support for Remain has risen to 69% in Northern Ireland.The clearer the Brexit reality becomes, the less people want it. Let's give people the final say on the deal with an option to Remain.  
Fears for economy as number of EU migrants leaving Brexit Britain surges  All very predictable and no doubt to the delight of Brextremists sadly 
SNP chief Ian Blackford calls on David Mundell to quit over Brexit 'power grab'  via @PoliticsHome 
I find this encouraging: Northern Ireland is the first place in the UK where the reality of Brexit has been brought into stark focus and, as a result, public opinion has shifted dramatically against leaving.   
Me: FTSE 100 record high!Remainer: Idiot Brexit scum! FTSE 250 is the British economy!Me: Okay, well the FTSE 250 just rose 121 points to a new intraday high of 21,111Remainer: ...b-b-but the POUND IS FAILING!Some people are so desperate for this magnificent country to fail. 
‘1000s of Young Labour demand 2nd referendum’ claim exposed as nonsense  
Young Labour members want a say on their party’s Brexit policy. They are overwhelmingly pro-European, anti Hard Brexit and pro-#PeoplesVote. Will Labour’s Leadership listen? #FFS 
This idea of the Labour right that all the left do is criticise is bizarre. Labour in 2017 had a transformative manifesto, McDonnell especially has laid out a concrete plan for Britain. It's the right that just criticise - about brexit & poll-figures - with no proposals to offer  
Glove claims today #Brexit “has made Britain more welcoming to immigrants”.This is the sort of statement that reflects badly not just on Gove but also on the UK as a whole.Gove must have a reason to assume Brits are congenital idiots to fall for this.  
It is NOT a done deal. Every remainer I know has vowed to NEVER stop fighting the fraudulent #Brexit and the rise of fascism it has unleashed #BrexitIsPersonal #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
... quite funny that the Written Ministerial Statement does not mention Brexit, and No Deal contingencies - the interim solution required by early 2019 is specifically required as a contingency for potential new trade frictions post Brexit - long term they hope for more parking 
Right now, being railroaded into a 'soft Brexit' is a real possibility. Join this two-day protest to DEMAND the option to remain in any vote that takes place. Even half an hour of your time will make a difference. Info:  
For a country that doesn’t want another referendum, we sure do love voting for a party that explicitly has one in its manifesto.  
A timely reminder that it’s not just the Tory old guard we need to challenge.Jeremy Corbyn knows full well he’d lose at Labour conference if he allowed a vote on a Final Deal referendum.Let’s makeup happen. 
In 1983, the Irish Times told Sheila Hodgers’ story five days before the referendum. 35 years later, Sheila’s husband Brendan Hodgers speaks.#Generation8th 
.@Peston Do you think broadcasters are doing enough to tell viewers the UK economy has been tanking since the EU referendum?  
How many people has Owen Jones blocked on twitter thousands. Spends all day crying  about Brexit & Donald Trump the dweeb. He writes for the guardian that’s it. Stop putting this halfwit on TV all the time. No one gives a monkey’s, what Owen Jones says about anything OK.  
I’ve decided to start an open letter supporting our national chairs @Melantha___ & @mrwtch after they called for our members to be given a say on party policy regarding Brexit - Co Authors - @JessicaRaspin @TerenceSmith14 - please sign & RT. Solidarity  
Thousands of Irish citizens living abroad are traveling back home to vote in Ireland's upcoming abortion referendum  
Your daily reminder that Corbyn is a lifelong Leaver who campaigned for Remain even though he didn't believe in it, then switched back to Leave the day after the referendum, whipped MPs to vote WITH Tories, and supports a Jobs First Brexit even though he knows it doesn't exist.  
US ambassador vows there WILL be a trade deal with Britain after Brexit  
Dear @UKLabour,The Left is often accused of champagne socialism/ liberal elitism. They say we make big social claims but don't really care what happens to those at the economic bottom.You know Brexit would hurt them the most. Allowing it to happen would prove your critics right 
Theresa May has effectively said that she will pay extra for the UK to participate fully in the EU research programme post-#Brexit. She also wants Britain to stay in Euratom.  The science community seems to have won in Whitehall. But will the PM win the argument in Brussels? 
Here are two clips from the @BarryGardiner car-crash interview which clearly illustrate Labour's dishonesty and incompetence on Brexit.Clip 1 
How can you change tory minds on the EU from brexit to REMAIN?   Tell them that for every £1.00 we spend on the EU, we get £10 of value back in the form of the EU agencies doing work that otherwise our government would have to pay 100% for.  Brexit will cause MASSIVE tax rises. 
‘Those who think government is making a mess of Brexit due to incompetence are wrong.’“It is part of a strategy, it’s going to plan and the inference from experience of Brexit Express is that the Prime Minister herself is implicated!”       #fo2eu 
Yet more evidence!! Don't one single British Nationalist tell me the threat Brexit poses is not known!! Why are all these huge companies getting things in order to move???? Brexit will destroy the UK. As a Scot I want to jump ship!!  
Is there no end to this Brexit-induced financial armageddon?  
The finest #Brexit butty, and readymade British citizenship test all-in-one. #BritishSandwichWeek 
In 2016 @theSNP ran on a manifesto that said if there was a material change in circumstance (ie Brexit) then there would be a referendum - They were elected with the most ever amount of votes. The Scottish Tories ran on a “no to indyref2” platform and lost - respect democracy  
.@michaelgove: Brexit provides an opportunity for the Tories to undermine protections for clean air, precious wildlife, and healthy oceans; roll-back action on climate change; and cut public funding that could nurture a sustainable rural economy.#WhatHeReallyMeant#GoveWatch 
The real purpose of #Brexit is not migration. It is a vile attempt by Gove, Fox, Farage, Rees-Mogg etc for a bonfire of EU regulations, which spoil their ambition to transform the UK into an ultra-Thatcherite stateLet us remind ourselves. Frequently  #fbpe #stopbrexit #WATON 
Failure to guarantee #Insurance contracts post-#Brexit will cause problems across Britain and also create even more chaos on Irish border @EuroLabour 
Why did a 70 year old pro-life male get almost half an hour air time on @TodaySOR this morning. This is the week of the referendum & he was unopposed.  
Hey boy, are you a rogue No campaign referendum poster? Because you're poorly hung, under six feet, and an absolute eyesore. 
Yeah, Brexit has made Britain more welcoming to immigrants by stopping them coming here and making life as miserable as possible for the poor souls who have made it here.  
It seems there is the likelihood of an autumn election in the offing. We have two clear choices.Tories - Brexit = disaster capitalismLabour - Brexit = disaster socialism. 
Young Labour claim to represent the interests of young people yet support Corbyn’s archaic views on Brexit at any cost. The Conservatives have no direction, while Labour, as we can see here, are plagued by infighting. If you want a party with real solutions, join the Lib Dems  
Another recess?Today is the 129th day parliament has sat since the general election.No Brexit legislation is yet law.There are only 48 more sitting days before MPs are expected to debate the final Brexit deal.Half the Brexit legislation hasn't been introduced yet.#bbcdp 
BREXIT: Labour youth wing demands vote on second Brexit referendum /#EU #Brexit #Labour 
I hope the @LibDems @TheGreenParty @Renew_Britain etc put aside their differences and realise the only way to stop Brexit is at the ballot box.  
Michael Gove's special adviser Dominic Cummings did this long rant saying poor people are destined to be poor because of 'inferior genes'. It was trashed by scientists, yet he was allowed to become a key figure in manipulating the Brexit vote.   
Does Robert watch the news? #Brexit is being opposed tooth and nail by the ppl who lost the referendum - each and every day and his programme has taken a side  
#Italians threaten to defy #EU rules by kicking out 500,000 immigrants, tearing up spending plans and forging links with #Russia  #Brexit  
Just in case anyone is in any doubt. The referendum on leaving the EU was run 2 years ago. Everything you now hear from remainers is hot air. The arguments they put forward are not new, they are old arguments dressed up as new. How difficult is it to understand we're leaving. 
Labour former cabinet minister who chaired the commission for five years, has now concluded the political class is so paralysed by Brexit that it is no longer capable of taking the decisive action needed on social mobility.  
Well done the Lewisham labour party for selecting an MP who supports brexit and represents the interests of his constituents. Jeremy won´t like it and Dianne won´t understand it. 
Labour's Brexit policy in more trouble after Janet Daby the party's candidate in Lewisham East supports staying in single market. Her first job as MP?  rebelling against Labour policy. 
Did Britain's imperial fantasies give us Brexit? That's the question we ask in our first ever podcast, co-hosted by @zoesqwilliams and @lukecooper100. Our super-esteemed guests this week are @garyyounge + @KeremBrulee. Enjoy - please share if you like it!  
This is the first evidence from any part of the UK of a substantial shift in sentiment on Brexit. 13% swing to Remain in NI.  
I'm getting pretty sick of the conceit that the Corbyn groupies exhibit in trying to blame us; how can we #Remainers support a man who backs a #Brexit that can only leave us Poorer, Weaker, with less Control & Fewer Rights..if the Tories get back it will be because of him not us. 
The promise of Brexit is doing great things for the UK.Brexit will prove to be one of the best moves the UK every made. 
Yuval Noah Harari: Brexit will not halt drive to 'human unification'  
If young people were planning on deserting Corbyn over Brexit they'd have done it, oh I don't know, during the first leadership election? Or maybe the second one which was billed as a referendum on our Brexit stance? Or maybe the general election with no second referendum pledge? 
The post-Brexit opportunities of CANZUK are considerable – and should be especially attractive to young people  #brexit 
"Our defeatist establishment, working hand  in glove with Brussels, is humiliating the British people for their  temerity in voting for Brexit." Creating a stab-in-the back myth is the right's only way out of the mess it has made  
This week, @NicolaSturgeon has questions to answer.How will we balance the books?What currency will we use?How do we protect jobs?Help us campaign against another unwanted and divisive referendum, donate here:  
It’s very clear that the DUP do not speak for the people of Northern Ireland on Brexit.  
So I'm told Tories are likely to call snap GE.Seems they have a selective understanding of 'will of the people'People told we can't have a re-vote on Brexit, but they can have a re-vote until they get the majority crave.Absolute hypocrisy!#Brexitshambles #Omnishambles 
Corbyn is a stinking hypocrite whose policy of quitting the Single Market would make the lives of the many harder. And his talk of a "jobs first Brexit" has added to the mountain of #LeaveLies perverting #Brexit democracy. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Remainers fail to understand many Brexit voters love Europe. I personally love France, can speak some French, & visit every year. I’d live there if I could. But I loathe the failed Soviet project that is the EU. 
That’s right @Peston, Brexit is not a done deal. If you want to talk to the people who will make sure that it either happens responsibly & with the Country behind it, or not at all, then you’ll be able to find us in the High Court in London on 12th June. 
Michael Gove: "Brexit provides opportunities to revive coastal communities that have been in decline, restore landscapes and habitats which have been neglected to health, nurture new rural enterprises in parts of the country which have been overlooked in the past" #PXUnion 
In 2016, Northern Ireland voted 56% to Remain and 44% to Leave, but support for leaving the EU has now fallen to 31% #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Boris Johnson says Theresa May must be given “time and space to negotiate this Brexit vision”. A few pipes of opium might be more use. 
Channel 4 News anchor, Jon Snow, is the most extreme left-wing news presenter I have ever seen. The extreme left-wing bias is breathtaking. He also fiercely opposes Brexit and  our democratic vote. Should he be working in news? I think not. 
Opposition to Brexit is cross-community. For those who seek to frame Brexit debate through a tribal lens, this survey shows that people of NI are coming together to give a strong message: stay in the CU and single market. Let's listen to the people on this and work together  
I will never stop laughing at the fact that the DUP went into coalition with the Tories to help them save Brexit, only for Brexit to then convince every single person in England that a United Ireland would be good. 
Lots of people have been sharing this brilliant and original piece from Sally Rooney on abortion and the Irish referendum in the LRB. If you haven't read it yet, do:  
Brexit is 7500 hours away. #brexit 
Brexiteers are treating Ireland with contempt - Excellent article in which inter alia we learn that “membership of EU has allowed Ireland to reduce its economic dependency on the British market.” #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope - 
You tried to send the SNP the clearest possible message at the last election. You ran a whole campaign on the single issue of the referendum and you failed. You were trounced by the pro-referendum party. A clear message that the people of Scotland want another referendum. 
Jon may think that the EU referendum was just a game with winners, losers and temper tantrums aplenty, but I don't recall being stripped of my EU citizenship the last time I lost at Cluedo.  
Our Government must start to realise that the best Brexit deal with the EU is NO DEAL. If @ForBritainParty were in Government that is what we would do, we would WALK AWAY today. Come & join & support us at  The only way forward is with us. 
Northern Ireland: Remain now leading 69-31 vs 56-44 at the time of the referendum.  
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
On the Growth Commission report due out on Friday - @NicolaSturgeon says it will make for a refreshing change from debating the despair of Brexit #indyref2 
Yet another poll shows that the public simply do not want a second referendum. It is time that politicians realise this instead of seeking to frustrate the result.  
THANK YOU to all our activists who were out campaigning for a #PeoplesVote this weekend. Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal and it is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why we should have a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Pls RT:  
Did you know?"SCOTLAND now builds more space satellites that any other country in Europe. The burgeoning sector, centred on Glasgow, employs more than 7,000 people, almost one-in-five of UK space industry jobs."All threatened by Brexit#FBPE 
Our defeatist establishment, working hand in glove with Brussels, is humiliating the British people for their temerity in voting for Brexit:  
Fresh pressure on Jeremy Corbyn as young Labour members demand conference vote on second Brexit referendum 
To say the government is in chaos on #Brexit is only a statement of the obvious: "Negotiations are yet to begin on a post-Brexit security treaty". #StopBrexit 
I like to think of Brexit as the prequel to the Wicker man. 
Can't help but feel that Miriam Mirwitch, rather than the faceless Young Labour National Committee, will be on the right side of history when it comes to standing up for young Labour voters, who overwhelmingly favour a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. 
“NI would vote overwhelmingly in favour of remaining in the EU if a second referendum was held, a survey has found” - 69% want to remain. Unsurprising considering risks of hard border and peace. Why young people and students want a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
Ah, I see we’ve reached the, “Pop over to Dublin, have a pint, write 1,000 words on ‘Whither Ireland’,” stage of the referendum cycle. Joy. 
Very good point by John Bruton that the Children’s Referendum was premised on the idea that we don’t always trust parents... If we just used trust to decide laws, we’d need none. #LoveBothVoteNo #8thRef #Savethe8th @TodaySOR #TodaySOR 
'They're trying to stop Brexit' Douglas Carswell SHAMES political elite in FURIOUS rant  
Sorry @Keir_Starmer all versions of brexit needs to be defeated REMAIN REMAIN REMAIN IS THE ONLY OPTION FOR BRITAINS security stability and prosperity  
Dear @jeremycorbyn....the majority of British people do not want #Brexit...give them what they want.. a #FinalSay. Oppose #Brexit and be our voice. Please RT so he gets it! 
Former Taoiseach John Bruton  advocates a NO vote in the upcoming Referendum. On Friday we heard from a spokesperson on the YES side live in studio @TodaySOR @rtenews #Todaysor #8thref 
See that #Japan is seeking better (for Japan) trade deal from #Brexit Britain than from .@EU_Commission under prospective EU-Japan agreement. More visas. Same as #India. Supreme irony that Brexit may force .@theresa_may to adopt looser #Immigration policy. 
Scotland doesn’t want another divisive independence referendum.We need to send Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP the clearest possible message. Stop your referendum obsession and focus on better government for Scotland.Sign the petition today:   
Give it a rest, RuthWe want better schools and hospitals, not BREXITWhich we didn’t vote for and is inevitably going to ruin the chances of better schools and hospitals  
With Gove’s record of undermining England’s relations with Scotland & the rest of Europe, the eye doesn’t see beyond Brexit  
There is no such thing as a 'green Brexit', especially under a fracking-obsessed @Conservatives Government 
As a major player in EU employment laws the UK helped frame the following workers rights: Gender equality, Working time limits, Employment contracts, Part time workers rights, Transfer of undertakings, Paternity and Maternity rights, H&S, Holiday pay. Post #Brexit these may go. 
The most evocative and terrifying Brexit metaphor I've heard yet.  
As many people before me have already remarked, Brexit is basically the first 15 minutes of Phantom Menace stretched over 10 years.  
Brexit: Northern Ireland voters sure hard border would provoke violence, report says - Politics live  
A gentle reminder.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP @LiamFox#Brexit  
Gove, one of the architects of Brexit, has accused the SNP of “playing with identity politics” and irony is on its last legs pleading for a merciful release #pxunion 
Support for Brexit falls sharply in Northern Ireland  
Doesn't the clot realise Brexit is British identity politics 
If @UKLabour switched to remain they would getDisillusioned non voting Lab votersLab voters who had voted LD to oppose brexitTactical voting by LD/Green votersThe youth vote on a epic scaleBeating by double, possibly triple the Lab leave voters they'd lose#PeoplesVote 
PRESS RELEASE: National Youth Council welcomes unprecedented surge of voter registration ahead of the referendum on May 25th next - Up to 125,000 extra voters registered for referendum  #8thref 
Brexit blamed for dramatic fall in UK business registrations:90% less Investment (FDI) into UK48% less Companies from France38% less from Belgium52% less from Netherlands17% less job applications13% more EU workers leavingThis has to stop 
The political elite in Westminster and Whitehall are trying to scupper the referendum result  
And now from Michael Gove "Britain has become more welcoming to migration since the referendum vote" and is now "one of the countries with the warmest attitude to migration." That is just great darts. You have to applaud. 
EXCLUSIVE- Walkers Crisps in PR NIGHTMARE over Gary Lineker’s Brexit comments via @UnityNewsNet  
I will repeat my prediction: the Tories will change position on Brexit & leapfrog Labour to be closer to Remain than Labour is. Labour will hold the hardest Brexit position. The Tories will get Remain votes that would have gone to Labour, if Labour had been more courageous. 
.@JLongworthLML: A no-deal Brexit with UK-EU trade on WTO terms is the best hope for Brexiteers  
A no-deal #Brexit with UK-EU trade on WTO terms is the best hope for Brexiteers  via @BrexitCentral 
“I hope that people in Ireland will remember the fate of our daughter #Savita on the day of the referendum and vote Yes so that what happened to us won’t happen to any families..." #repealthe8th 
How can Brexit be taking back control when as a European Citizen I have full and individual sovereign rights to live, retire and work in 28 countries without interference from any Government agency?  @nickreeves9876 
FT reporting the Japanese joining the list of those who want visa exemptions post Brexit. The Indians, Turks and Australians so far have demanded some kind of FoM or relaxed visas for trade. 
Poll today about Brexit.What is your feeling on the outcomeDo you think it will happen Follow your reason and not your heartPlease retweet and retweet 3 day pollDon’t say all of them Only four option sorry 
What are the 'benefits' for Scotland staying within Brexit Britain? Sensible answers only please....  
#hometovote - British student unions fund Irish students to go home to vote in abortion referendum. Also the woman in Canada whose husband bought her birthday present of €1200 ticket home to vote  
Michael O'Leary Ryanair - There is a real risk of a hard #Brexit in March 2019 & he thinks the risk of this is being downplayed in the UK. Airlines don't have a fall back position so there could be disruption to flights come April 2019 & flight could be grounded.#FBPE 
"We want brexit, but only if we can keep all the benefits of staying in the EU". Err no, it doesn't work like that...  
Anne Boleyn’s motto, ‘Ainsi sera, groigne qui groigne’ (‘It’s going to happen, grumble who will’) is splendidly Brexit... 
These Women Are Traveling Back To Ireland From Around The World To Vote In The Abortion Referendum  via @laurafleur 
As new ICM polling shows that   52% of Scots support the Union with only 30% against, Sturgeon is planning to force a referendum on us anyway.She governs for her own supporters only.  
I'm glad Young Labour is pushing for a workers' Brexit where (checks hand)food prices will go up by 20% overnight 
Young people of Ireland… I have an ask for you. On Friday, pretend you're an old person. Get out to vote. First thing. Put your voting card in your bag Thursday night, & hit polling station on your way to work, school, college. Don't be like kids that caused Brexit #repealthe8th 
What amazing news! Up to 125,000 people register to vote ahead of Eighth Amendment referendum, a potential 90% increase on 2015 - well done everyone on great #register4yes work!! #yourYESmatters 
I enjoy reading british nationalists point to '11 years of SNP failure'. In 8 years of Tory rule, the UK debt has more than doubled, Sterling is worth less, food is more expensive and they're inflicting Brexit. Funny how brits are seemingly blind to this. 
"a combination of a very hostile policy & uncertain systems that are uncertain as we know & put the onus on the individual to prove their position rather than the other way round".Britain, shouldn't we slam on the Brexit brakes before we tear apart more of our society's seams?  
Has our Queen subtly spoken with that colour combination ? Then not only the "Will of the people" but the "Will of our monarch" ?...STOP BREXIT NOW !!..We all know it makes sense !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
Off to listen to Michael Gove on Brexit challenges in Northern Ireland, Scotland and elsewhere in "The State of The Union" discussion.Also on the program: "The Future of Feminism" with Fred West, and "Keeping Your Hotel Room tidy" with Keith Moon. 
Support for staying in EU surges to 70% in Northern Ireland undermining DUP’s campaign for Brexit. Most comprehensive survey and attitude research yet, by Queen’s University. Also support for civil disobedience in border areas    
I haven’t a single Labour or Tory friend who can talk to me about their parties’ position on Brexit without feeling ashamed. 
“A central theme of this referendum is how we’d respond to women who need support, and only you can know for sure where you stand on that. Would you answer their call or pretend you didn’t know they rang?” @RichieSadlier #yourYESmatters 
Labour's position = Brexit with all the benefits, none of the costs, which was rejected in the first rounds of negotiations... beating a dead horse!! If you want benefits of the single market, why don’t you back staying in it? 87% of Labour Party members agree.  
You shallow deceitful stupid man.Parliament devolved the decision to the electorate in a referendum. It voted leave. There was then a general election, both main parties ran on a leave ticket.Come out of your fantasy world oh king of snowflakes.  
Young Labour members are the future of our movement and our country. They must be free to speak out. And our leadership must listen to them. Well done Miriam for representing to majority of young members who want a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.  
‘Those who think government is making a mess of Brexit due to incompetence are wrong.’“It is part of a strategy, it’s going to plan and the inference from experience of Brexit Express is that the Prime Minister herself is probably implicated.” 
Reminder:Staying in EU Customs Union means this lady is in total charge of UK's trade policy.She was a uni lecturer in politics. Has never worked in business or commerce.Nobody elected her and nobody can get rid of her.She is a first class Brussels B*st*rd Viva Brexit!  
“UK could end up with power stations with no fuel after #Brexit” A look at #Brexitreality:  
READ | Independence is going so badly we don't need any proof. But here it is anyway: Theresa May is most definitely not aboard the "Brexit Express".   
Public health 'under threat' from Brexit as  EU takes legal challenge against govt refusal to tack filthy airFor decades it is the EU that has protected environmental standards 
Brexit has sparked a collapse in foreign businesses registering in the UK.OECD figures show that last year, foreign direct investment into the UK fell by 90%. 
Support for Brexit falls sharply in Northern Ireland  
Brilliant idea to have the Referendum Commission taking over the @ireland account this week Take a bow @darraghdoyle  #8thref 
Thank you to everyone who suggested, recommended and gave suggestions for this week on @ireland . Thanks too to the team there for being open to it.I hope the Referendum Commission week helps people with questions about voting. MEN PLEASE VOTE ON FRIDAY.  
What would Labour policy on Brexit be if there were a snap election? On Keir’s statements to date, it would be essentially the same as Mrs May’s. So what choice would the voters have, when it looks as if a majority now want to stop Brexit with a people’s vote?  
What, that comes to £292,000,000,000 (someone please check my maths) two hundred and ninety two thousand million pounds?!?!? That's a fuck of a lot of fucking money for Brexit ALREADY!!!  Or am I just being alarmist?  
Keep it up Boris....she must not be allowed to backtrack on 'Brexit means Brexit'..  
#Brexit Can we have a day without the Remoaner crybabies  coming on TV & Radio please. 17 million voted leave the EU. We’re leaving the Customs Union & The Single Market. Get it through your thick skulls, we’ve had it with you lot. Lecturing us about staying in the EU.  
Oh look: more of that “nothing to see here” stuff.  Brexit blamed for dramatic fall in UK business registrations  
Wouldn't it be utter madness for the government to make its Brexit plans without using experts in the field of international trade?So @Conservatives... What do your experts say the various Brexit options would do to this country? So what should we do for maximum UK prosperity? 
Brexit blamed for dramatic fall in UK business registrations  
The Referendum Commission @refcom_ie will post about what you are voting in next Friday's referendum and how to vote, and will answer questions where possible.  Information on voting is at  
London's housing slump deepens as Brexit clouds the outlook for the property market  
Thank you @IrishTimes for publishing my letter in this final week #repealthe8thReferendum on the Eighth Amendment (via @IrishTimes) 
Support for Brexit falls sharply in Northern Ireland DUP completely out of step with the will of the Northern Irish people. 
Brexit blamed for dramatic fall in UK business registrations Wonder if Corbyn will mention this in PMQs this week. No doubt if he does May will say it's all the fault of the last Labour government. 
A brilliant blog that sums up the complete nonsense that is Brexit  
The guy who ran the Vote Leave campaign to “restore parliamentary sovereignty” is refusing to go before a parliamentary committee examining possible illegal campaigning during the EU referendum   
The only thing in outer space here is Brexit. Stay in the EU, stay in Galileo, & don’t inflict all this self harm!  
This is a good video for pro Leave Brits to watch. It highlights the issues that #Brexit will cause small businesses. This is not an ideological battle for them about ‘control’. It is a battle for survival and many won’t make it. @Femi_Sorry @RaffaRH 
Burundi Pres Nkurunziza calling himself the "Supreme Eternal Guide" won't save himself from the International Criminal Court's investigation of the atrocities he sponsored to ensure victory in the referendum to authorize his continued reign.  
Rather odd choice of lead story on Good Morning Scotland this morning. It isn't Nicola Sturgeon's 'Indy hope & ambition versus Brexit despair' interview. It's someone calling for the Scots Govt to change a law over which it has no power.  
Add Brexit to that.... #SmallBusiness 
Hey everyone you know those much better trade deals the UK can get outside of the EU?Apparently other countries are planning on giving us a worse deal than what we have now.It’s almost as if #brexit is really stupid isn’t it?  
Brexit has sparked a dramatic fall in EU businesses registering in the UK. French down 48%, Belgium down 38%, Netherlands down 52%. Foreign companies are now reluctant to invest in the UK. OECD figures show that last year foreign direct investment into the UK tumbled by 90% 
.@BorisJohnson absolutely right great UK trade opportunities exist in Latin America. When in Peru this year I was told they asked us for UK free trade deal within 24 hours of Brexit & this can go further than EU for UK cars, services, pharma, educational  
Roses are red,Brexit's disordered,Because what we need,Is more open borders. 
Britons at risk of being left in foreign jails when Brexit removes a key legal protection  
.@DouglasCarswell: "The political elite are trying to stop Brexit." @NextRevFNC 
UK financial sector wants global talent on tap after Brexit  
I can tell which way someone is voting in the referendum based on how they talk about women. Funny that #repealthe8th 
Brexit: up the creek - without a paddle, yet all we get is prattle from our zombie media and the inanities of our politicians. To cap it all, we are asked to believe that Mrs May's incompetence is deliberate. I could almost wish that was true..  #Brexinfo. 
The UK is a beautiful place but it is marred by UK government incompetence, racist immigration policies, an austerity obsession, and a PM who does not care about the horrific cost of #Brexit to the people because it suits her party's donors and voters. 
A second referendum will be denying democracy and, if necessary, Theresa May will rig the House of Lords to prevent it.I'm beginning to think this might not be about democracy at all. 
It’s said Brexit is “not going to plan”.There never was a plan. Brexiters sold the British people a pack of lies.The referendum is null and void. MPs should #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
My contribution to @theanglocelt referendum debate:To those still undecided, if you believe in any change to the extremely restrictive and damaging status quo, I urge you to get out this Friday 25th and vote YES.#RepealThe8th #TogetherForYes @labour @labouryouth 
So @johnconnors1990 posted his thoughts on the #Repealthe8h referendum on Facebook earlier, and I since he's a colleague who has impressed me with his stance on issues in the past I thought I'd engage with his points in order. 1/13 
Under this UKGov every Scots voter has a huge responsibility.NHS & whisky are at risk of US trade dealHuman rights are at risk from BrexitHolyrood is at risk from WestminsterThe very land is at risk from frackingIf we want Scotland to exist, we must choose independence. 
These basic truths mean that the Brexit that was promised cannot be delivered - and the alternatives being discussed are undeliverable too.Great thread from @GuitarMoog. We should #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Is a Post-Brexit Anglosphere taking shape? Britain taps Australia to develop a $15bn satellite navigation system to rival Europe's Galileo as it exits EU  
There is no such thing as a soft or gentle #Brexit - everything less than we have now will damage us in so many ways for years and years. Its not fair on the younger generation as it’s they who will pay. @OFOCBrexit 
If we stay in the EU we can share in the EU's superior trade deal with Japan instead to having to settle for an inferior Brexit Britain one.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I am not afraid of polls I am just saying if you get a second referendum but bottle it by either losing it or just wining it, you've made things infinitely more  difficult to alter #brexit. And my guess is Blairites are going to bottle it b/c they can't read the wind blowing..  
You should probably wait until Friday before criticising something you haven’t seen yet. Of course thankfully we’d never see any of that ‘at any cost’ type of behaviour from a Tory Government Maurice. Oh meant to ask, how is the whole Brexit thing going?  
Relations slightly improved between KDP and PYD (but not between KNC and PYD that much) since Sept independence referendum, Afrin events. Also KDP-affiliated Rudaw channel was allowed again to operate in Rojava (3) 
According to the Sunday Telegraph a leading Tory donor was prevented by 10 Downing St from giving £700,000 to Tory candidates fighting Remainers in seats that had voted Leave. He says it is because May herself doesn’t back Brexit. Very interesting and suspicious. But rings true! 
Voters in North would support remain more strongly in second referendum  
Watching Len McClusky explaining Labours position on Brexit was like watching my grandad explaining Bitcoin.#PestonOnSunday 
I'm pleased that @vincecable and @lucyvsalek are forcing @UKLabour to look at its #Brexit policy. Frankly, @LibDems are the real opposition to the Conservatives. We need a functioning, Conservatives opposition, not that one is divided and scared. 
If only May had guts & really lived a ‘Christian’ life, she’d address the nation & admit what a catastrophe #Brexit would be & then admit her concerns about the ref & process. She’d declare Brexit dead - in the national interest, and we could all breathe. #ofoc #waton #stopbrexit 
If and when another general election is held, if you oppose #Brexit then support the @LibDems 
I am now blocked by four #Brexit enabling far right politicians and one left wing one.The Labour party are such a mess.#PeoplesVote 
#Brexit is like a kidnap of a family member! Not like a divorce.The 2016 EU Ref was a raid, a trick, by a group of Russia-funded billionaires using stolen private big data, breaking campaign spending rules, hiring Cambridge Analytica for mass manipulation. #StopBrexit #StopLies 
If you read nothing else about the referendum this week read this.The depraved, unnecessary cruelty of it all How people can be fighting to ensure this happens to other women is beyond me.  
You know full well @Keir_Starmer that any form of Brexit is disastrous for the UK.Be honest with yourself and the vast majority of Labour Party members, and have the guts to oppose Brexit, unlike your so-called leader. You'd be respected much more for it.  
Every night Theresa May must count her lucky stars that Jeremy Corbyn continues to support #Brexit. Because if he opposed it, she would be toast. #MakeJCStopBrexit 
#skypapers Brexit bashing on TV all day. Now we’ve got Susie Boniface on Skypapers review. Get ready shouting & screaming she hates Brexit & Donald Trump. Every bloody program on same Remoaner bores on crying  about Brexit. Yawn, Yawn,Yawn,Yawn.     
18.There is no “Jobs First” Brexit (see 8 & 9) 
16,There is next to no chance of the UK rejoining the EU for at least 10 years, whatever the form of Brexit. It will not be politically sellable for EU27 leaders. 
 will not be possible to renegotiate the Withdrawal Agreement between finalising it and Brexit day. It is not in EU27’s interests to do so. 
You know what @BBCNews ? Perhaps u should consider doing a panorama on how many sectors want an exemption from Brexit?  
We’ve already had a “People’s Vote” you planks. It was called a Referendum   
BBC anti Brexit bias again for all to see tonite.Reporters opinion of the Italian populist coalition that "threatens EU stability" are "right wing & Russia loving". They had to bring Russia into it. Media & establishment are getting really desperate & uneasy over Italy. 
Two big opinion polls which shine significant new light on attitudes to Brexit in Northern Ireland, levels of support for a united Ireland & other fascinating data will be released at midnight. Full report on @theipaper website at midnight & in tomorrow's @News_Letter. 
No what's actually needed Keir is a full-on clean #Brexit leadership challenge. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP @LiamFox 
The party who bolstered the Tories who inflicted austerity & Brexit on us. Yellow Tories. Disgraceful...  
I’ve been banging the drum for an #EFTA/ #EEA based #Brexit for over 18 months now. At times felt like a very long shot, but, as @S_Hammond says in this excellent piece ‘the tectonic plates are shifting’ - it’s time for a return to realism & pragmatism. 
Precisely...why give up the Best Ever Possible Deal which is membership for an unachievable #Brexit that can only leave us Poorer, Weaker with Fewer Rights & less Control. MADNESS.#FinalSay stop the #BrexitShambles #Remain#FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
I’ve concluded that #Brexit voters cannot have experienced the awesome beauty of Europe. Quite why we think the UK is so marvellous in its isolation is beyond me. Utter nationalist delusion. Meanwhile I’m loving #Girona ! 
For 2 years Remainers have been warning that #Brexit could break up the union. This country is being wrecked by a government of incompetents, cowards charlatans, liars and fanatics. If only the main opposition party were much better. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Wow,First time I've seen this.Consistent, almost all responses saying "forget Hard #Brexit @Keir_Starmer , just stop messing around and stop brexit full stop"Don't think a lot of people are buying "jobs first Brexit" any more  
My sons secondary school in #Waterford held a mock referendum last week and #Repealthe8th won 82% of the vote  including his.  @RepealWaterford @Together4yes @Teenycollender @SueseeL @JacSinnott @philipnolan1 @drboylan @TaraFlynn @DelsolClaire @Colmogorman #togetherforyes 
ANY #Brexit must be defeated. And ANY #Labour leader who promises to #StopBrexit WILL be PM. So if you want office, you know what to do 
If you are a @YoungLabourUK member who wants our party to stand against #Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote - come and join us! Members across the country are coming forward to propose the @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU  motion in their CLPs. 
Watch: Emma Barnett skewers Barry Gardiner over Brexit comments  
Fantastic to hear the phrase ‘hard Brexit needs to be defeated’ from Keir here. I trust he and Labour front bench will do as they promise and vote to retain all benefits of single market  
“The great leaders of my party – from Keir Hardie’s quest for an international socialism to Clement Atlee in the wake of WW2 – believed in Europe. And let me say this to Corbyn: 80% of Labour members want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.” @xrosiemckennax 
Stop messing about you #Brexit enabler.The majority of members want a #PeoplesVote on the deal. 
Fresh pressure on Jeremy Corbyn as young Labour members demand conference vote on second Brexit referendum - Morten Morland - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
- After Brexit we’ll export to India.- How?- We’ll set up an in-country sales office.- What about wage differentials?- We’ll do assembly locally.- Shipping?- We’ll source local materials.- Right. You do know that’s not exporting; that’s just overseas investment?- SILENCE 
Good. Bring it on. Tory divisions have driven the agenda for far too long. Hard Brexit needs to be defeated.  
By @JeremyWarnerUK in @Telegraph: "Now it seems that almost any deal, however bad, is better than no deal" #Brexit  
We’ve made a film on Ireland’s abortion referendum. Airs tomorrow 11.30am onwards. The vote whether to repeal a constitutional ban is on May 25. The #Repeal side are ahead, but the polls are tightening & the #savethe8th side believe they have momentum & can win #8thref 
Tory MPs 'preparing for another snap election' amid Brexit splits 
Miriam got her mandate through an OMOV election and was vocal about her position on members having a say on Europe and Brexit throughout her campaign - all this outrage about her restating that position with the letter is boring tbh  
Tomorrow's front page... FM says new indy case will be based on 'hope' and not 'despair' of Brexit  
SCIENCE, THE NHS & BREXIT - @mikegalsworthy, Programme Director at @Scientists4EU & @HealthierIn, former independent consultant in research & innovation policy & visiting researcher, LSHTM.Wed 30 May, 7-9pm, S-on-A School. Details & free booking:  
To defeat #Brexit we now need to win hearts and minds that #EU membership is good for Britain and not a threat. But where is the nationwide campaign to explain that? So far, there isn’t one that’s at all visible to the public. RT @Jon_Danzig’s commentary:  
Jeremy Corbyn urged to clarify Labour's position on Brexit  
You missed the point. As a Remainer, I enjoyed Emma taking no nonsense from Gardiner who supports the same Brexit as the Govt. Incidentally , why use language on Twitter that you ( I hope) would not use on LBC? 
A no-deal Brexit with UK-EU trade on WTO terms is the best hope for Brexiteers  
A useful look at the history of #Catalonia, brutally oppressed during Franco’s dictatorship, and why, happy to draw attention away from his party’s #corruption cases, Spain’s right-wing PM Rajoy ordered brutal police crackdown on independence referendum.  
Is the UK ready for a second independence referendum?  
I was talking to my ma about the referendum there and she made a very good point - I was an IVF baby. There were 5 embryos, 3 were implanted, and one (me) survived. The two that weren't implanted were left to 'perish' to use my mam's words, even though they were viable. 
“Jeremy Corbyn urged to clarify Labour’s position on Brexit” - another shout out for #FFS as young labour members across the country are calling on Labour to support a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. 
A conspiracy theorist might think that both main parties are desperately preparing to lose the next election so they’re not left holding the Brexit Schwarze Peter.  
Brexit. Trump. Italy. Austria. Hungary. Poland. Destruction of mainstream French parties etc etc. The interesting phenomenon isn’t Trump or Orban or whoever holds the microphone on stage. It’s, as @ianbremmer says in Us Vs Them, the growing crowds listening to them. 
You may think this referendum will pass easily because your circle of friends and social media are all yes. But I've been talking to people on the doors for the past few weeks and there are a massive amount of no voters. So so many. Please vote yes #together4yes 
We are ready to campaign for and win a new referendum now. The time for independence is now. RT if you agree #ScotRef #ReadyToGo 
Britons at risk of being left in foreign jails when Brexit removes a key legal protection  
I see Brexit Minister David Davies hid in Stormont House today in case he bumped into @M_AndersonSF. 
Good news !!.. Moggy has had his bum smacked !!..All she has to do now is sack the barmy Brexiteers in her cabinet and declare Brexit is not viable and STOP IT RIGHT NOW !!..Has she got the guts to do it ?...Probably not !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
All the stuff the Tories said about Scotland not wanting a second referendum was total shite. 
With Brexit clarity, Scotland will look again at independence - Sturgeon  
Can someone in the SNP explain to me why Scexit is different to Brexit given Scottish Indy would be infinitely more damaging? Can we start asking this question more please?  
I wonder how long the tories will be out of power after betraying the referendum result? Maybe they will split into two factions. There is no point being in politics if you are the governing party and cannot deliver a referendum result at all really. 
...and it ends in the grotesque chaos of Young Labour, Young Labour, scuttling around social media to hand out a hard Brexit to their own members. 
16/ The NHS, birthed by the Labour Party, will suffer so greatly as a result of this Brexit. There's already been a 92% drop in applicants from EU nurses. Our NHS is collapsing under the strain of Brexit. yes, Tory policy and underfunding too, I agree, but also undoubtedly Brexit 
Britain's hiring problems are widening as EU workers stay away  
12/ Their main issue seems to be what they see as "anti-corbyn" sentiment and not what is in the actual interests of their members. Again, the majority of Labour members back a People's Vote and Labour's support would double amongst young people if they opposed a hard Tory Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn urged to clarify Labour's position on Brexit  
. @BarryGardiner is insulting the British people with this mendacious drivel. A trade agreement would provide nowhere near the same benefits as the Single Market and would drive a bulldozer through @Keir_Starmer's 2nd test.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
With rumours that the Tories are set to call a snap General Election because their #Brexit plans are so shambolic & the Scottish independence campaign all set to restart:  I reckon Scotland is set for the 'Perfect Storm' to win its freedom! 
10/ This is a Brexit which the govt's own reports show will damage our economy, which will mean 10+ more years of austerity, and economic damage which will hit the poorest, most vulnerable, the young, and the working class the hardest. All groups which Labour swears to protect. 
Hearing this you can see why McDonnell & Corbyn actually want a bad #Brexit They clearly hope that the economic damage created by Brexit will create an opportunity for them to ‘overthrow capitalism’.To avoid this ‘dogma whatever the cost’ approach we need to #ExotFromBrexit 
The best thing about yesterday's events at Windsor?The lack of any Star Spangled Sphincters on displayViva Brexit!  
9/ At the moment, all I see Labour doing is facilitating a hard Tory Brexit, they are undoubtedly not doing enough as a Party to oppose it. Jeremy Corbyn has whipped several key Brexit votes which had the power to soften Brexit. 
My Grandad’s were Labour men (miners, soldiers); my dad too (nurse). My mother (also a nurse) voted Yes last time & we are the generation that will get off our knees & be Leaders not Followers - not for a referendum but for Independence #indyref2 
Hands up if you saw Scottish #IndyRef separatists say that the 2014 Scottish Independence Referendum was a "once in a lifetime opportunity" or a "once in a generation opportunity"? 
Let me get this right, cos the Tories are up in the polls again they're gonna use brexit as an excuse for another general election? So indefinite Tory rule by rigging elections to coincide with better pollingHmm  
I bet if you sold Leave voters this deal they would buy into it. Just don't tell them that's what we already have. Brexit is all about PR. 
A question for @Peston & his @pestononsunday producers. I have just watched your show from this morning. On reflection do you really think that having 5 guests talking about Brexit, all of whom were Remainers, was the right decision? To me, it took your audience for fools.  
Sadly you're getting it wrong on brexit. Tories will probably fucking WIN unless you change your stance on remaining in the EU.Come on Labour. You know it makes sense. Either back remain or at least a vote on the final deal.  
This week the Republic of Ireland will be voting in a referendum to #Repealthe8th.We support @Together4yes and the @ScotIrishARC campaign in their fight. Access to healthcare is a right, as is the right for all people to decide their own futures. 
When you argue for decades for an autonomous youth section then pledge its absolute loyalty to the leadership policy line, even if it's hard Brexit that will harm the young most. Komsomol  would be proud ...  
Scotland needs real change - not another Independence Referendum. Read my attached statement on why it’s only Labour offering real and radical change.  
The boss has clarified that the debate on #Indyref2 WILL start within a couple of weeks once she has analysed the outcome of #Brexit. Bring it on Comrades.Nicola Sturgeon says she's going to ‘restart’ the Scottish independence debate  
Dundalk arís agus @ROMurchu only 5 days left in this referendum campaign. It’s time to #RepealTheEighth for the safety of women in Ireland 
Our Party is stronger for the voice it gives our young members. @mrwtch’s letter in no way suggests a position on Brexit nor suggests all Young Labour (or committee members) hold a unanimous view. Giving young members a voice is paramount in future policy making. Solidarity.  
There was literally no reason anyone would have read it as the committees position. Although if the committee doesn't support Labour members having a say on Brexit I'm not sure they ARE supporting the kind of democratic leadership which @jeremycorbyn was elected on a platform of. 
I will always fight for Young Labour members to have a voice is our movement.Below is a statement on the letter I signed on consulting members on our Brexit strategy in my capacity as National Chair of Young Labour.  
*CORRECTION*We are NOT "out of the EU"  We are still a fully fledged member state until 29th March 2019.Brexit CAN and MUST be stopped before that date.And my Italian coffee will smell all the sweeter for it.P.S. "Old man", please don't be such a patronising twat.  
Conquer every drive with the bold performance of the All-New BMW #X5. 
Genuine question: can someone who voted #Brexit please tell me how the #EU has negatively impacted on your life personally, and how leaving the EU will improve things for you specifically? 
If people on committee actually travelled around, spoke to young members and left their bubble - they’d hear that Young Labour members bring up Brexit and Labour’s policy constantly... Why are committee so quick to ignore party members?  
I'm not sure how I feel about being trolled by "Artists for Brexit"... #Brexit is about as artistic as road kill.Any artist claiming to be "inspired" by #Brexit has probably lived their entire lives with a poker up their arse, reading nothing but the Daily Mail.  
If there is a snap general election then @UKLabour must prepare for 5 more years of 'what if'. Under Corbyn and his Brexit, the best Labour can hope for is another 'nearly made it' result.  
Nigel Farage - "I have been saying for years, I want us to leave the EU before the whole thing falls to pieces. I would lose a great sense of satisfaction if we could not do this." #Brexit  
Just caught up with @chrisgreybrexit ‘s excellent blog from last week. Soft Brexit is only answer to government’s problems and only outcome it refuses to countenance. Happily, gov is doomed. Dustbin of history cannot welcome them soon enough  
The SNP’s priority?NOT the NHSNOT our schools and educationNOT local public servicesNOT Scotland’s economy and jobsIt’s another divisive referendum. Sorry, Nicola. Been there, won that. Get back to the day job.  
I see soi-disant “Liberal Leavers” are going through another bout of pearl-clutching about how dreadful Brexit is and how we should stay in the EEA. To which I say “are you ashamed of winning a referendum by riding on the back of illiberal xenophobia yet?” 
I have huge hopes for this country! A clean Brexit, democracy restored in Britain, a skilled based immigration system, lower taxes for hard pressed families & an end to identity politics  My interview with @StevenEdginton 
Labour’s position on Brexit is indistinguishable from that of the govt. Anyone defending it is either an idiot or a grifter. 
Ppl acting like the royal wedding reversed brexit... 
Tories make life unbearable for 1000s - people attack Corbyn....Tories are negotiating Brexit people attack Corbyn....Tories prove themselves racist - attack Corbyn....May proves to be an incompetent leader attack Corbyn...Labour for the Many people attack Corbyn..pattern... 
So my time has come to an end here on @ireland I’d really like to thank @darraghdoyle  we have a few days left until our historic referendum, here’s hoping that the result will be exactly what we need it to be, many thanks to everyone on here all of the voices 
Brexit cannot be settled with a General Election. That won't settle it. Everyone is fed up with both main parties anyway. We need a #PeoplesVote  instead. 
It’s little wonder that Tories are considering another General Election with Labour languishing in the polls. It’s quite unbelievable that Labour cannot capitalise on May’s #Brexit woes, but like the Tories they too are divided on what to do about Europe.  
Referendum is close. Prepare urself for centrist hot take season  
HUNDREDS of thousands of pounds worth of donations to help Brexit have allegedly been rejected in what donors have branded an “incompetent” plot by Theresa May to keep Briton shackled to Brussels. How much more proof do we need. Sling her out. . . . 
Rumour is that a snap election is on the cards for October because TMay cannot sort out her #Brexit factions in Cabinet.That makes it essentially a #Leave or #Remain ballot.That's it.#GE2018 
You do not have to leave the Eu to respect the referendum.You have to investigate it and make sincere preparations to leave.Once that is done, the mandate is extinguished.In that basis, I say the advisory vote in June 2 years ago is close to extinguished. 
There’s no sign of a single Tory standing up for the 17.4m who voted for Brexit. Rees-Mogg, Gove, Johnson et al have put Party before principle.   
Could you stop fucking about now @jeremycorbyn and stop brexit please? There's a dear.  
The Lt. Governor race just became a referendum on whether Texas teachers shall be required to carry handguns. Texans will NOT elect a coward who thinks more guns in our schools is the solution to gun violence and mass murders in our schools. 
The UK could be "less London-centric" by not engaging in a #Brexit  grab of Scottish powers. Oh wait a minute, @RuthDavidsonMSP was isolated in backing that, and her wee Tory chums in Westminster voted for it. #voteSNP 
Supporters of the undemocratic EU have their 'EU supergirl' - @albawhitewolf.Now we Brexiteers and Remain voters who support democracy have our Brexit supergirl, the indefatigable and always super  @LowTaxChloe!Here's an unmissable interview with her:  
“Poorer people, older people & people in communities that felt left behind by the global economy strongly voted for Leave” - Professor @roger_scullyDid your background decide your #Brexit vote?We’re debating Brexit, Monday 10.40pm @BBCOne Wales #bbcthehour 
Hey Brexit supporter how many real lives do you think £70bn a year in diminished tax revenues is gonna cost bc we can't afford a decent NHS due to your stupid Brexit?  
I am on my way to Wexford Town  for @NotAtHomeIre - women who have travelled for abortion  are the only ones being silenced in the national conversation around the referendum - come, listen and spread the word.  
approach the final few days leading up to the referendum vote on repealing the 8th, we are trying our very best to get our message and stories out to the public on why we need to vote yes. If you can help in any small way we would be so appreciative.  
Irony: The Brexit vote was partly fuelled by fear of Germany's influenceA) The working languages of the EU are English, French & German IN THAT ORDER. Brexit brings that order into questionB) Other countries who also fear Germany's influence, counted on us to keep them in check 
"Don't like brexit? Go live in Europe!" Many would love to brexiters, many would love to. But you shou this at us this while also taking our right to live in Europe away. One of the biggest ongoing tragedies of #brexit. 
Tory MPs Braced For Snap Election Amid Brexit Splits - Here we going again! Bring it on! Oh, Jeremy Corbyn... #GE2018 
A good example.  For more on this, read our #Brexit summary on the border issue:  
There may be a group of Gaelgeoirí with undue influence about which referenda are held in this country. Is it a coincidence that rhyming slogans 'Tá for grá' and 'Tá for mná' just happen? I think not! If I'm right we can expect a referendum about a flower or beach next. #Gaeilge 
The will of the people in #Enfield seems to be changing on Brexit. They are in favour of a #PeoplesVote & if the deal isn’t good Parliament should be able to reject it. Fun @EnfieldforEU day of action lots of good convos with Leavers & Remainers & performances from  @No10Vigil 
Since Theresa May does not appear to understand what #Brexit means, here's a little tip from someone who understands it slightly better.  
Ironic that the whisky industry who threw their lot in with the British government and against Scottish independence now must hope that Brexit doesn't destroy their industry. Irony of ironies.Pigeons coming home to roost. Chlorinated ones and cheap whiskey.  
People feel devastated, angry, depressed, betrayed and ashamed, nearly two years after the referendum. This is intense and intimate stuff. What has happened to them is personal. They feel their lives have been totally changed by what has happened.   
With Brexit clarity, Scotland will look again at independence: Sturgeon  
It’s entirely Brexit related.Corbyn will only be a credible alternative to the Tories if he pledges his commitment to the EU. That’s all we are waiting for. But he keeps us in the dark. And loses his advantage.Bad strategy, bad leadership to ignore the view of his party.  
BREXIT was always irrational. It was an ill prepared referendum offering options that were ill defined. No one did the preparatory work for such a gigantic change.  No one did the outcome studies in any credible kind of way. Brexit is a temper tantrum. Stop and forget.  
We went to Harborne today to see what people thought about Brexit. It's fair to say the split is not 52/48.  
Just finished reading this. Superb and very highly recommended to anyone (whether in Ireland, UK or elsewhere) with an interest in Brexit. Great example of 'journalism as the first rough draft of history'.  
After Barry Gardiner is taken up on calling his own party’s six Brexit tests policy ‘b*llocks’, he says that the Labour Party’s position is that “we will hold them [the Government] to account”  
Did we have a referendum on Proportional Representation, in 2011? No. Did the government decide to keep Proportional Representation off the ballot paper? Yes. 
“pollsters asked: “What if there was confirmation of cheating during the referendum campaign?”, 49% wanted a 2nd vote & only 30% opposed.If the trolled public should realise it’s been cheated, the future will be up for grabs.”#Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
U.K. hasn't offered a plausible plan to prevent the emergence of a hard Irish border after Brexit, Leo Varadkar says  
I'm afraid this is true. The attempt by @BarryGardiner to explain Labour leadership's current policy was incoherent because the policy is incoherent. Unless it changes, then it will satisfy neither side of the #Brexit debate, and will allow the UK gov to force through its policy.  
In the build-up to the independence referendum, the UK was touted as a 'union of equals' and 'equal partnership' - it is notable that these terms are no longer used by unionists in Scotland, an indication that they recognise Brexit has exposed this as the lie it always was. 
2014: Governments we don't vote for, Trident etc "Just anti-English hatred! What other reason could there be?" 2016: Brexit "Just anti-English hatred! What other reason could there be?" 2018: Devolution dismantled "Just anti-English hatred! What other reason could there be?" 
In six months the Brexit deal will be all but done. Assuming we get a soft Brexit where will you go from there? Which party would you then vote for? 
Why Remainers saying abandon Brexit over Customs Union is claptrap.Only 20% of GDP is imports/exports.Over half is with rest of the world & manages to enter EU borders we're currently part of without problems. Post Brexit Naples will manage like New York 
Brexit removes rights from 520 million people. OK, for most of them that's just the automatic right to live, work and start a business in the UK, but for every British citizen it's that right in the whole EU, and for five million it's much more immediate and personal. 
I can feel the shackles loosening. Time we were just neighbours. England wants Brexit we want to be part of a progressive and inclusive Europe.  
A jobs first #Brexit is a 'fantastical' concept, as remarkable and bizarre as it is grotesque and disingenuous. We have the jobs that we have, there can be no evidence to prove that there'd be more after Brexit; whereas the indications are we're already losing jobs pre-Brexit.  
Immigration a key issue for 40% in lead up to Brexit, but now down to 20%. Why asks Robert Ford?But then seems to miss the obvious reason: Leave created a hysteria about immigration that was far beyond what people naturally felt, This has subsided now... 
"There are some foreigners coming over here and taking our jobs and they're not even working!"It's not a parody.The politicians who fraudulently sold #Brexit are just as incoherent and much more culpable. 
Martin: "You’ve probably seen the vote no posters featuring myself and my daughter Grace. As you may have heard Simon Harris’ comments that our voices shouldn’t be part of the referendum campaign. I won’t be shamed or silenced by those pushing radical abortion." #LoveBothVoteNo 
.@Andrew_Adonis regards any attempt to implement #Brexit as unconstitutional #VermininErmine 
For the Tory voters panicking about the possibility of a snap autumn general election because of Theresa May's Brexit shambles.  
I’ll be in Dublin from the 24-27 May- if anyone involved in work around the referendum would like to meet up, I’d be keen on that. 
"Tory Brexit" & "Labour Brexit" is basically Coke and Pepsi, may taste different, but it looks the same and will take all our fucking teeth eventually. 
Royal family does end-run around Brexit, joins world. 
I imagine you’ve had many people correcting you and saying that *any* Brexit will risk jobs. Here’s one more: *any* Brexit will risk jobs, Barry. Stop being a disingenuous tool pretending a labour Brexit wouldn’t also risk jobs. 
On this day in 1980, Quebec held its first referendum. The sovereigntists lost handily – and this cartoon appeared on the front page of the Gazette the next day…  
Latest Opinium/Observer poll puts Tories on 43 percent — up three points — while Labour is down one on 39 percent. Pretty much the result of last year’s general election. Support for a 2nd referendum has remained unchanged since a year ago with 37 percent for, 49 percent against 
Britain’s quest for friends and customers after Brexit is leading it to embrace one autocrat after another.  
.@BarryGardiner says he was trying to "advance thinking" after @emmabarnett asked him if he stands by remarks that people have "played up the issue of the Irish border" #Brexit  #marr 
After I performed my "Brexit Dividend" song in Maidenhead @BerkshireforEU someone said I should get this line printed on a tee... "There is no #Brexit Dividend"  awesome idea! #StopBrexit #EUsupergirl  
This is just becoming the norm now... A referendum doesn't go the way you like, so you just push for another. 55% of Scottish people voted against Scottish independence.52% of British people voted to leave the EU.That is democracy. Deal with it.  
Absolutely I can't understand why Scottish people are not more exercised by the danger posed by Brexit to something as fundamentally Scottish as Whisky And that's just 1 example  
Brexit klaxon: Remain-supporting digital minister Margot James lays down her own red line on customs “It is utterly senseless for us to sanction a system in which there are any delays in our major manufacturers getting the components they need.” 
Sturgeons let’s start the debate on independence is an attempt to keep the noisy minority happy it makes no difference there will be no referendum 
If @UKLabour embraced #StopBrexit, they could bring down this Brexit government and end austerity.They could make a principled argument that it is austerity, not the EU, that has brought our public services to their knees.Who benefits from Brexit? Not Labour voters or areas.  
she’s basically saying “much of the current debate has been about how we cope with the damage of Brexit, but what we now have an opportunity to do is focus instead on how we’d cope with the additional damage of leaving the UK”  
Young boy on Grafton St asked his father what the @Together4yes stall was for. His dad replied "it's to help women", which is essentially what this referendum is about. #repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
Conspiracy theories are out the window now. If there was any doubt that Brexit was a COUP, the PMs packing of the HoLs erases all of it. Fellow Britons must be enraged by this blatant attack on our constitution & democracy. Rise people! RISE!#FBPE #remainernow #WATON 
ITV’s Peston ran a line up today that was exclusively pro Remain. Channel 4’s Jon Snow sent a tweet recently saying he’d not be respecting the referendum outcome.  Elite pundits are out of step with the country they presume to opine about. 
last weekend we hosted Katie and Rachel from UK Youth For Europe at our equal rights event - two young women who were too young to vote in 2016, working tirelessly (alongside their A Levels!!) to get a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.   
Father of Savita Halappanavar urges public to vote Yes in upcoming abortion referendum  
Aghhhhhhhhhh... Brexit... What is going on with this country - people actually acting like Corbyn is in power and put more blame on him then the fecking eejits that implemented it and in two years have achieved nothing apart from making us the laughing stock of europe!! 
I voted in the 2015 general election, when I was 18.Then in 2016, in the EU referendum.Then in 2017, in a snap election.And now Theresa May wants me to vote again, in the autumn of 2018?I've voted every year since I became of voting age. 
12- BurnleyBurnley were contenders for the league until Sean Dyche was killed in the terrorist attack. A brexit football display turns into a Nancy display as a foreign manager is hired, so they go downhill. They win the Europa league anyway, with Chris Wood scoring 42 goals.  
Just take "Tory" off and this is 100% accurate.It makes zero difference who is in power if they push ahead brexit!#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FinalSayForAll#PeoplesVote 
This nails it. At the end of the day, Labour can't espouse an even vaguely sensible Brexit position because they "have to" prioritise shafting millions of European (including British) migrants above all else in order to fulfill the so-called will of the people.  
Subtly misleading wording in the BBC article about Nicola Sturgeon's inteview - it says she will only decide "whether" to hold a referendum once the terms of Brexit are known. But the actual quote from her says she will decide "the timing" at that point - no mention of "whether". 
Any Brexit.#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
That's the exact same number of jobs that would be lost in a Labour #Brexit.#Brexit isn't a @Conservatives problem, or a @UKLabour problem, it's just a problem - an unsolvable problem at that.Stop lying to yourselves and to voters. Stop losing jobs. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I think one of two things happens before Brexit. The Tories will either have to elect a new leader, or we have another general election. Strong and stable! 
The support of the Royal College of Nursing for the people to have a final say on Brexit therefore sends a clear message to Theresa May; the Tory Brexit mess is a nightmare for our NHS. Now, more than ever, the people deserve an opportunity to #ExitfromBrexit 
No to a 2nd EU referendum, yes to another general election. 
FM drops hint indyref announced Sept-Oct. "Once we get some clarity, which hopefully we will in the autumn of this year, about the Brexit outcome and the future relationship between the UK and the EU then I will consider again this question of the timing of an independence ref 
Important story in Observer. Key takeaways: Corbyn needs Remainers’ support; Remainers (and Labour voters) want us to be in single market; and single market not electoral threat it was once thought to be.Corbyn has much more to lose from discarding soft Brexit than embracing it  
Ha What about thr 17+ million people who voted Brexit? Will you ignore them? Yes! Your boss ignored the people during Iraq. So disregarding the plebs means nothing to you, laddy.  
Theresa May was right when she said “No deal is better than a bad deal”. Brexiteers need to shout it from the rooftops that a no-deal Brexit is better than continuing EU membership. But it would be a disaster for Michel Barnier’s career. 
This was just after Len McCluskey said Labour weren’t divided over Brexit. He’s so locked into the Corbyn ideology he’s completely clueless about reality.  
And how will a Labour Brexit be any better?The key word that's going to do massive damage across every region and every industry is "Brexit", regardless of party.Stop pretending there's any kind of positive outcome achievable by *either* side. 
THECOUNTRYWILLNOTSTOPAFTERWEBREXIT! ITWILLBEAFFECTEDBYTHEGOVERNMENT OFTHEDAY! WENEEDALABOUR GOVERNMENT! THETORIESHAVESPENTEIGHTYEARSLETTINGUSKNOWWHOSESIDETHEY’REON! Join Labour: 
Paddy Power Referendum book still missing after all these days & yet the polls in today's papers and the err, 'urban surge' (aka what happens when you oversample a certain demographic that is a subset of urban)  Roll on Friday. 
So not content with wrecking the home economy Brexiters have started wrecking Gibraltar's too. What is the point of all this wanton Brexit destruction? We must #StopBrexit now. 
Brilliant turnout for our canvass in Tullamore today. Five days to go. Friday’s referendum could come down to one vote in every ballot box. Please make sure you get out and vote to a make positive change for the women in our lives. #8thref #Together4Yes 
LibDems need a collosal pro-European majority in Lewisham East to show the leaders of BOTH Brexit parties that Brexit is dead. Vote #LibDems Time has run out on the Labour the Tory Brexit enablers.  
Utterly unfounded! I’ve not heard a single sensible @Conservatives MP call for such a thing. @theresa_may has the support of her party to deal with Brexit in a way that safeguards our economy and our country’s future   
One industry that Brexit has been *amazing* for is vacuous think pieces about how Ireland is a fifth column. Must be one every other day now. Lucky Varadkar and rest of Ireland can’t read English....  
Time for @theresa_may May to go and the @Conservatives to put a real leader in charge of the the party.Ready for change? Ready for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Then Retweet and send them a message.#JRM4PM #MoggMentum #Brexit  
Don't get distracted by the royal wedding and some sunshine.Our government is still responsible for:-Brexit shamblesWindrush scandalGrenfell disgraceRelentless rise in poverty & foodbanksStrategic underfunding of NHSAssault on welfare#ToriesOut#JC4PM 
I’m sick of how the average working class man in this country, who voted #brexit, ignored the genuine concerns of average UK millionaires who live outside of the country. 
Tory West Midlands Mayor Andy Street admits tens of thousands of jobs in the car industry could be at risk from a Tory Brexit.  
Both Tories and Labour are fracturing over Brexit. There is an alternative to a snap election and that is a vote of confidence in the PEOPLE by given THEM the final say. @peoplesvote_uk  
Widely reported that Theresa May is considering another general election. If true, it is possible that she is seeking to avoid reliance on DUP support in HoC, enabling her to do a Brexit deal that gives Northern Ireland a special status. But clock is ticking. 
This has been obvious to anyone willing to see it for 2 years.May is making a hash of Brexit not because she is weak, incompetent, an appeaser or is giving in to pressure from the EU or Remainers. She is making a hash of Brexit because she is a Remainer. 
“Brexit isn’t going to happen” - overheard at a provincial funeral last week. ‘The U.K. will still be in the EU on 01 April 2019.’ 
Conservative MPs are preparing for another snap general election as they fear the Brexit deadlock will become insurmountable for the prime minister  Labour must change leader, now! #Remain #peoplesvote 
How important is stopping brexit to you now? #fbpe #waton #abtv 
Conservative MPs are bracing themselves for another snap general election amid fears the problems of Brexit will topple Theresa May. #Sovereign - get prepared!  
Government “incompetence" over the Brexit talks is part of Theresa May's “strategy” to keep Britain tied to the European Union, a top Conservative donor claims today  
2/2: This is seen as an attempt to overturn a 300-year-old tradition of parliamentary privilege, which preserves MPs'   freedom to speak out in Parliament without fear of being sued.More evidence that #Brexiteers hate Parliamentary Sovereignty.#Brexit 
The call from Brexiteers is now simply 'Brexit for its own sake'. They admit no benefits, they admit the colossal damage, yet still they call for it.I would renounce my wish to remain in the EU if there was half as much case against it, as there is against Brexit. Will they? 
The only conclusion you can make looking at Brexit and the royal wedding is that Britain is an island full of incredibly stupid, self loathing peasants. 
As part of the EU, the UK receives only 9% of English Channel cod catch limits, when based on most catches being in British waters it should be around 70%:  #Brexit 
Scotland will create its own currency if it votes for independence in a new referendum. The creation of the new money will be at the centre of a new blueprint for independence to be launched by the SNP within days.  
49% oppose a second referendum37% support the ideaI for one am absolutely stunned, apparently Sir Nick Clegg, Nicky Morgan and David Miliband amid a granary full of Tilda rice in Essex the other day wasn't enough to convince voters that we need a second vote! Who’dathoughtit?! 
Candidates in #LewishamEast by election  are standing on Party Platforms. #Labour spokesman Gardiner on #Marr this morning confirmed Labour's platform is against The Single Market.You can be 100% sure The #LibDems Candidate is Pro EUROPE and Anti Brexit. #Labour is not. 
I guess that’s the end of Brexit  
Another data harvesting quiz. Another small piece of the puzzle. Or as Vote Leave's spokesman puts it: more "sloppy journalism and lies being spread by the Guardian & Observer in their attempt to delegitimise and overturn the referendum result.” 
Government “incompetence" over the Brexit talks is part of a deliberate strategy to keep Britain tied to the European Union:  
Vote Leave faces scrutiny over £50m football contest.The @ElectoralCommUK needs to dig deeper into whether the referendum result should be annulled.If the vote wasn’t free and fair, we need to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE.   
so many people don't want Brexit but believe leaving the EU is inevitable and can't be stopped. so i explained how and why it can and must be stopped. we MUST get people to realise it's possible to #StopBrexit! 
The NHS is built on the backs of hard working staff from the UK, the EU and around the world. Brexit is causing EU staff to leave, just as Brexiter promises of more money for the NHS are blasted away by an economy at a standstill. 
BY NOW:If Brexit had any upsides we would know the details.If there was a solution to the NI border, someone would have found it.If there was a good deal to be struck with the EU, we woukd know the outline of it.If Brexit was full of opportunities,  we should be booming. 
The wedding's over now Mrs May and the well timed 'diversion' of the celebrations is fading fast.Time to take stock of the complete shambles you've turned our country into.Brexit looms large and the time is ticking and now the extremists in your party are baying  for your blood,  
If true, this is the time to come off the fence. If Labour doesn’t come out against Brexit, every sinew and muscle must be devoted to LibDem votes. Even better, I’d like to see an anti-Brexit coalition between LD, Green & Renew.  
Sunny morning in Blackheath @lucyvsalek is out talking to locals at the farmers market. People are very concerned about Brexit  
WATCH | @SophyRidgeSky: "If anyone in Westminster thinks that people are changing their minds on Brexit, well they should come to Coventry."Or anywhere else outside the M25...  
Gang, get ready! Tory MPs 'preparing for another snap election' amid #Brexit splits  
President of the @CBItweets @drechsler_paul says he has seen “no detail whatsoever” that the Government’s post-Brexit deal will provide “better opportunities”. He adds: “The uncertainty at the moment is costing this country and costing us opportunities.”  
Government's Brexit 'incompetence' is May's 'strategy' to keep Britain tied to EU, Tory donor claims 
With Brexit clarity, Scotland will look again at independence: Sturgeon  
Barry Gardiner confronted with clip of him calling Labour's Brexit policy "bollocks" after complaining he was being paraphrased. Interviewer @EmmaBarnett asks "which Barry is telling the truth - the one in private or the one on TV now?" Our scoop here:  
Oh my goodness I agree with Peter Mandelson - on   this morning. ‘There is no perfect solution to brexit, every option leaves us worse off’. Nicola Sturgeon on too. Very proEU. #stopbrexit2018 #FBPE 
#PM has the support of the majority of Con MPs as she tries to settle a Brexit solution that maintains economic prosperity & peace in N.Ireland. This nonsense is from #NoDeal #HardBrexit Con MPs who know the numbers are heavily stacked against them 
If we were Germany, and actually made things, Brexit might be possible. But we're a service based economy. Services aren't well covered by the WTO or free trade deals. That's why the free movement of services across the biggest single market on earth has been so important to us. 
No one on  challenging this, show is just an anti-Brexit tirade with Tory MP, Mandelson, Len McCluskey and CBI boss in agreement.  
Still got that patriotic feeling from yesterday? Watch @LowTaxChloe talk about how the world doesn't hate Brexit Britain, despite what remainers want you to think...  
So reports are circulating in several news sources that disagreement over Brexit within the Tory party will topple May in a no confidence vote by autumn, leading to a snap general election. Why wait that long guys? Bring it. 
No soft Brexit.No hard Brexit.No wishy-washy, innish sort of BrexitNo jobs first Brexit. No Brexit at all.Join the #StopBrexit column at the march on June 23rd and demand a #FinalSayForAll. 
You know what would probably stop Brexit? Scottish independence. Think about it, once WM lose the Scottish export market, what does rUK have to bargain with? 
Sarah Vine, who writes articles such as “The Feminazis Who Hate Men” and “Never Mind Brexit, Who Won Legs-It” for the Daily Mail, reckons social media are “completely out of control”. Details of Irony’s funeral, for those who wish to attend, will be published shortly. #Marr 
Another day, another lot of #Leavers claiming the government should just get on with #Brexit & hang the consequences for the GFA and peace in Ireland. I'm astonished that with all the media resources out there, so many are so ignorant. Good job the EU is looking out for everyone 
Democracy. Hardline Brexiter-style:  No to 2nd referendum. Voters made their choice.  No to a vote on the final deal. Voters made their choice. Booh, PM isn’t doing what we want. Voters made their choice, but who cares! Let’s have another vote.  
The beauty of Brexit is that we voted to take back control.The problem with Brexit is that we voted to give back control to a UK government and Civil Service that has spent the past 45 years giving away control. 
Watch an exchange between @LenMcCluskey and Lord Mandelson on #Brexit.  
 Nicola Sturgeon's talking rubbish about Labour being split on brexit says Len McCluskey who then goes on to argue with Mandelson revealing a split in Labour on brexit 
Len McCluskley 'helpfully' clarifying Labour's 'clear' position on Brexit to a sceptical Peter Mandelson. Every week something different and every week more of a clueless muddle.  
Today's @thesundaytimes cartoon #RoyalWedding #Brexit  
More #brexit grief the #Brexiters tried to keep quiet about: 
In Devon, 15% of those who voted Leave have changed their minds. The same swing nationally would take 52-48 at the referendum to 44-55 in favour of Remain today.  
Politicians talk about "we have to get Brexit right" meaning we have to dilute and delay it.People just want Brexit to be done.The people and the politicians are so far apart. #RidgeonSunday 
Lord Mandelson has just gone on a five minute rant on why we need a second referendum, unchallenged, on . I recall @Peston saying Brexit happened because people like him didn’t get it. Judging by his show full of Remain-backers, I’m not sure here’s quite there yet. 
Government's Brexit “incompetence" is May's “strategy” to keep Britain tied to EU, Tory donor claims  via @Telegraph 
Labour peer Lord Mandelson says problem with Govt on Brexit is that they are "unaccountable". That's an unelected peer saying that 
Corbyn's difficulty is he's through the "absolute boy" era and now confronted with the business of developing and presenting credible policy, especially on Brexit, skills he never had and it shows 
•There is a large amount of undecideds voters out there.•They will be the ones calling this referendum.•Data shows that people are most influenced by friends and family not a tweet or a FB post.•Today has been said to be the best day to have that chat #8thref 
No pro-#Brexit voices on . Again. 
"Ok it's been a year since the snap election to fix Brexit, we've brainstormed a new plan to fix Brexit.""Is it another election?"*Looks at floor*. "Yes".  
More utter drivel from Barry Gardiner The best way to ensure you retain full access and all the benefits of the #SingleMarket is to STAY IN IT - as most #Labour members and voters want btw Norway and Switzerland are in the Single Market but not in the EU#Brexit #Marr 
Getting lots of replies telling me it’s not Brexit’s fault, it’s the government’s. You cannot separate the two. Brexit is this government and this government is Brexit. A competent government would never have held the referendum in the first place. 
"at some point she must choose between disappointing her keenest supporters and infuriating much of the rest of the country for whom a second referendum remains the only thing worse than the return of Alex Salmond"Cracker  
.@Emmabarnett showing her brilliance on #Marr this morning @BarryGardiner couldn’t help but reveal the ridiculousness of @UKLabour ‘s #Brexit position 
Our #Brexit Facts4EU guys worked hard through the night to bring you this exclusive report.  We hope you have time at least to glance at it. It's worth it, believe me!  Click here:  
Savita Halappanavar's parents are calling for a Yes vote in the upcoming referendum and asking voters to remember their daughter on Friday  
When @Emmabarnett questions @BarryGardiner on his position on Brexit he says: “Our position is to hold the government to account.” #marr 
Emma Barnett is doing a great job in exposing the lies and contradictions in Labour’s policy on Brexit.  Barry Gardiner is on the ropes and he knows it.  Wake-up Labour.  Brexit will destroy the jobs and lives of many of those you claim to look out for.  #marr 
Sky Views: It's time to put Brits abroad out of their #brexit misery  
Serious damage has been done thanks to Brexit  
Britons believe the monarchy will be a unifying force for the country after Brexit, says new poll | Former Tory minister plans EU customs union rebellion | Public still opposed to a second EU referendum  
All it would take to end this #Brexit farce is for one prominent leaver to have the courage & patriotism to say publicly "we got it wrong, this is not the best route for the country, we need to stop" 
#Pesto says it is a "kerfuffle" the head of BBC politics says it is silly. British public think ITV is biased against Brexit by 2 to 1, BBC by 3 to 1. Is that silly?  
For young people like me the opportunities from leaving the EU could be exciting, if our government grasps post-Brexit opportunties like CANZUK () after leaving the archaic EU Customs Union, writes @jackpowell82  
Leave means Leave. There should be no second Referendum.Out must mean Out.We knew what we voted for.We voted for #BrexitRT for as wider support as possible.#bbcdp #bbcdp #marr  #DailyMail @LeaveEUOfficial 
May could attempt to get a majority by calling another election to strengthen her hand over Brexit  which is bizarre as the lack of a majority is not what is hampering Brexit it is the lack of coherent plans. 
It's only when @theresa_may promotes a man, who advocated air strikes on Catholic towns, to the House of Lords in pursuit of her hard-Brexit, do you realise how broken our democracy is.  
“I hope that people in Ireland will remember the fate of our daughter Savita on the day of the referendum and vote Yes so that what happened to us won’t happen to other families.”Savita’s parents call for a Yes vote on Friday. #yourYESmatters 
As far as I can tell the best plan for #brexit we have come up with is staying in EU without a vote until 2021 and then staying in customs union indefinitely. It’s a lovely morning to wake up and smell the coffee. 
If #TheresaMay turns against the brexiteers in the cabinet, she will be remembered as the PM that failed to deliver Brexit, put a knife through he heart of democracy, & the PM that finished the Conservative PartyShe is damaging the party every dayTime is running out#MayMustGo 
#marr #bbcsp  Have a great Sunday everyone out there. Going be sunny  day. Marr, BBCSP, & Peston on Sunday. Not worth watching all Brexit bashing non stop. Get some top Brexiteers on your boring us all to death.     Get out on your bike, or go for a walk.  
#RoyalWedding was so beautiful, inclusive and full of hope. It made the world stop and reminded everyone what the UK is and stands for. How can we turn our back on what we are, waste our precious time to pursue bigoted and hostile politics of division #Brexit is beyond me. 
All Brexit reports and forecasts deliver terrible news - every Cabinet Minister now realises that pushing through with Brexit will be devastating for the UK economy. Knowing this, they still continue,this isn't sovereignty, it is resignation...We need to #StopBrexit #marr  
#Corbyns approval ratings amongst 18-24 yr olds - plummeting. Why?Casual indifference to #BREXIT & cold lack of emotion towards #LabourAntisemitism. #Marr  #Ridge 
Rees-Mogg: Things we were told would not happen are now happening.Sequence of #Brexit talks: we gave in.No large sums to EU: we give #EU £40bn“Now talking about extending Customs Union 2.5 years BEFORE deadline...It seems to me, preparing for failure” 
Brexit is making Corbyn politically toxic  
In 2016 I was scared to fight Brexit. I was worried about the sheer scale of it and being seen an enemy of democracy.But rapidly facts emerged. Everything promised to voters is impossible and the referendum was crooked.2 years on, not fighting it scares me more. 
RedC/SBP #8thRef PollYes 56 (+3)No 27 (+1)D/K 14 (-5)Refused 3 (+1)Red C 'Wisdom of Crowds’ model, which asks voters to predict how they think people they know will voteYes 56No 44(N.B. This model accurately predicted outcome of same-sex marriage referendum) 
A reminder that the real 'project fear' was ruthlessly whipped up for years by the #Brexit press and politicians.- Fear of a EU superstate- Fear of a EU army- Fear of immigrants- Fear of refugees- Fear of Muslims- Fear of millions of Turksand so on... #StopBrexit #FBPE 
There is no such thing as a green Brexit. We are literally leaving an international court which fines governments for poor enforcement of environmental protection. What replaces ECJ when we leave?  
What would a conference vote look like? Possibly of second referendum? What would a Brexit policy YL support look like? Sad to see support for  - openly collecting data & donations for the Progress NEC slate. This isn’t about Brexit at all ...  
Glasgow MP warns of toxic racism ‘released by Brexit’ in wake of attacks. Does she forget the toxic racism released by her own party and it’s hangers on? That’s the racism they described as joyous and civic.  
If you were wondering appetite among voters for 2nd EU referendum: 37% back idea and 49% oppose it @OpiniumResearch 
The ‘true distortion of our democracy’ is the first past the post voting system, an unelected House of Lords, and a biased media, Channel 4 News being the worst example. The Referendum was the most democratic thing that has ever happened.  
"UN warns UK it must keep its ‘green’ Brexit promise"UN needs to get back in its box.As well as leaving the EUThe UK should leave the UN& the European Court of Human Rights& whilst we are in the mood,we should leave the European Song Contest as well. 
Brexit not going to plan? Was there ever one in the first place?  Today’s Observer column 
The unspoken truth since the referendum is this. You can have Brexit or you can have the Union with Scotland & Northern Ireland. You cannot have both.  
Great to see these 5 @uklabour politicians from Merseyside joining the calls for a #peoplesvote on #brexit. With so many leave voters nationwide changing their mind and becoming #remainernow it’s vital MPs stand up and offer U.K. a way out.  
Lewisham East by-election turning into mini referendum on Brexit - & the ‘stop Brexit’ cause is heading for a landslide. It started with a landslide for the excellent anti-Brexit candidate @JanetDaby in yesterday’s Labour selection 
Stop Brexit 
"Brexit cheerleader, Dan  Hannan MEP, admitted last week on the influential ConHome website that  things aren’t going according to plan. This may represent progress, a  step towards realism."   
It’s said Brexit is ‘not going to plan’. Did we ever have a plan?"We definitely need a Plan B, and it is the status quo. Brexit is pointless." Absolutely! It has to be stopped! It will be stopped! 
Sorry for repeating myself , it is obvious Theresa May is working for the EU , she has made a terrible deal with the EU , she is delaying Brexit with transition periods while deceiving the country with BS like 'Brexit means Brexit'  
Brexit realists take control as May slaps down Rees-Mogg “It is not just the Irish problem that there is no agreement on. Almost everything needs to be sorted out and we are running out of time. You name it, we have not agreed it." 
Have all the General Elections you like. Damage the economy even more. They will not turn your Brexit lies into truth. They will not make your cheating fair. They will not heal your split Party. You have to ask the people whether they want what Brexit *actually* means.  
The CBI just made a major intervention to keep Britain in a CU after BrexitBritain's biggest business group, the CBI, has told Theresa May's government to "break the Brexit logjam" or risk doing major damage to the UK economy#FBPE #StopBrexit 
So latest economic forecast predicts a Brexit recession. No Government in history has ever willingly caused a recession.Will this stop the brexit extremists? Nope. We could all be on the streets and they'd be happy. 
EU is going broke. May wants to delay Brexit so we can continue to bail them out at the expense of UK's ever deteriorating infrastructure. 
She's been sniping at the Royal Wedding for days and cheerleading the Brexit national catastrophe for years, what a ridiculous f**ked up idiot she is.  
Labour candidate in #LewishamEast wants to keep the UK in the Single Market and Customs Union. Tories want to keep the UK tethered to the EU in a 'Customs Partnership'. For a full Brexit, freedom and prosperity, @UKIP is the only choice! 
May threatens Brexiteers with referendum on Ireland’s unification if they push too hard. So May's true intentions are becoming clear. She has no intention of securing true Brexit. She must be replaced. 
Brexit truths.Two words which don't easily sit together, but this brutal piece from @NickCohen4 neatly summarises how Britain got into the almighty mess it's now in.You're right to be scared Dominic Cummings.This cannot end well for you. 
If you believe #toriesout is more important than #stopbrexit you should think again. Policies in one parliament can be undone by the next. Brexit is a one way street, its pain guaranteed. It will take more than one generation to fix. #stopbrexit #toriesout is a deliverable order 
Big banks boost Brexit budgets  
Nobody voted for a dirty brexit, a racist Brexit, a Brexit that impoverished the nation but that is what is going to happen. The first step to reversing Brexit is admitting no one had a clue what they were doing.  
'There was a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today.Oh how I wish he'd go away.'#Corbyn #LabourParty #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll  
*Waves* Brexit Brit here. Absolutely delighted about the wedding. A joyous occasion; check my timeline. It’s only people like you who make this into a divisive issue. It must be horrible being you.  
If the left goes hogg wild after Santa Fe, the way they did with Parkland, the midterms may end up being a referendum on the Second Amendment, and conservatives will prevail. Not that there’s really much worry over that blue wave anymore, more like a leaky faucet. 
"The EU Withdrawal Bill...full of wrecking Amendments...in defiance of the Salisbury Convention + the vote of the British PEOPLE in the Referendum. The House of Lords has now put itself on collision course with the people + put its own future on the line." 
The machinations of "The Lords" against BREXIT are very clearly explained in this article. It's in-depth and very detailed. Respect to @BillCashMP for this unequivocal exposé. Worth reading. 
What did you eat for brexit this morning? #CordandTish 
And we’re leaving the protection of the EU for this? A trade deal with the US will decimate our economy, ruin agriculture and do untold damage to exports. Why persist with this Brexit madness.  
> But beyond that, just look at the state of the Brexit country that you want to tie us to constitutionally. In another referendum - based on the experience of the last few years - you still have the option to vote 'no', until then, respect a better informed choice. 
"If a General Election elects a Gov on a 'leave ticket' I would abide by it."In 2017 General Election 90% of MPs were elected on a manifesto that promised to #LEAVE.Tory Gov, & DUP who support them, were both elected promising to deliver #BrexitWhy not abide by the result Jon?  
Brexit could wreck green agenda, says UN  
Four senior MPs break ranks with Corbyn and demand a second referendum on Brexit  
What Ireland's Vote on the Abortion Referendum Means for Them and Us. #ProLife #Ireland #DefendLife #ChooseLife 
Do you think we will get a ‘real’ brexit in the next few years under this Conservative government? 
I was so referendum weary this week. It all seemed overwhelming and hopeless, BUT THEN @NursepollyRgn  was on @ireland  and I went canvassing, and we had that great debate on TV3 and I think we all got a second wind 
The West Midlands will be one of the hardest hit by #Brexit. These UK government figures are not shared enough.  
BREXIT: The CBI just made a major intervention to keep Britain in a customs union after Brexit /#EU #Brexit  
I just witnessed somebody use the retort "but Brexit has..." in response to somebody talking happily about the Royal Wedding.My goodness some Remainers are a dull and miserable lot! 
Let's deal with the government in the general election.This referendum is a women's rights proposal from the people, for the people. The government will enact it correctly, for self-preservation's sake if nothing else.Voting this down will not punish them. It will punish women. 
I agree that all YL members should have a say on BrexitDisappointed that the Chair of YL hasn't acknowledged that many young members support the negotiating position of @jeremycorbynFrom my time working with grassroot YL groups it's clear that the current policy is popular 
Secret Brexit deal could threaten scotch whisky 
'"Your next 10 years are irrelevant." Your job is expendable.Your health is expendable.Your kids’ future is expendable.This is pure zealotry, pure ideology at its most pious and ugly.' And Jacob Rees-Demagogg IS Thanos.#Brexit #Tories #Brexanity 
File this under "Lets NOT forget this" - Hammond borrowed £122billion extra due to Brexit, on top of the £170billion put in by the Bank of England to prevent immediate Brexit recession & job losses followng the EU Ref result...  
Person of the week: @ErikSolheimfor calling on @michaelgove to ensure EU environmental law is kept after Brexit AND committing to take forward the 'Global Pact for the Environment' initiated by President Macron 
Brexit: Senior Unionists from Northern Ireland 'ready to talk' to Dublin about possible unification  via @garygibbonblog 
Behaviour of Cameron and now May since 2014 unbelievably disrespectful to Scotland. They knew 45% voted Yes in spite of a biased media onslaught. 62% vote Remain and they refuse any compromise. Now trying to ride roughshod over devolution. Hard Brexit will = indyref2. 55% Yes 
In Peta Credlin’s excellent column in today’s Sunday Telegraph she stated she is against changing the Constitution to accomodate dual citizens in Parliament. Saying she would lead the “NO”campaign for free if it came to a referendum..Wow ..#credlin 
Theresa May inherited Brexit, she had a choice, she did not choose wisely 
If you want updates on everything #CambridgeAnalytica, Dom Cummings, #Brexit, and the dodginess of the #Brexit campaigns -  you'll want to hear more from @carolecadwalla. If you're anywhere near London in 10 days time... 
'Le Monde' explains secret French help with the Catalan independence referendum  
BBC News - Brexit: Farm unions call for tariff free trade with EU. Let me see. I think that is called 'Being a member of the EU'. I wonder how we could join? It sounds like a great concept.  
But if you're homeless, unemployed, sick or in desperate need, I won't spend anytime thinking about you, as I need your benefits to fund Brexit.  
Thinking about the upcoming referendum and the stories we'll never hear, the women who will take them to their graves. My yes is for them.#REPEALTHEEIGHTH 
The Queen wore the colours of the @peoplesvote_uk on a final Brexit Deal to the royal wedding today. Just saying...  
“Young people and working class people are the most likely to be negatively impacted by Brexit - the very people we as a party are meant to represent” looks like Jeremy Corbyn has some thinking to do!  
Way to go, @jeremycorbyn . Remainers have been warning you for months that making Labour a Brexit party will wreck Labour's chances of power. But you just carry on trying to appeal to the ukip fascists. You're not a party I can support now.  
BBC News - Brexit: Farm unions call for tariff free trade with EU  
Ireland has the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe — but next week they will be put to a referendum.  
#Brexit has become the new Millennium Bug. All those dire warnings in 1999 but nothing much happened.  #historyrepeating 
Cummings and the rest of the cowards like to claim @carolecadwalla has been reporting on a conspiracy theory; what she's actually unearthed is a real conspiracy that goes to the very heart of our increasingly complicit government. 
As sure as eggs are eggs & ducks quack, a pro-Brexit Labour will never take power and Corbyn will never be PM. The only way to save Labour is to ditch #Brexit, & kick #CorbynOut. How many people have to say it?@uklabour @Keir_Starmer @labourlordsuk @labourlist #waton #ofoc 
As Brexit does indeed show   
Whatever happens re Brexit, can a *United* Kingdom survive? Staying in the EU as full partners with Scotland and (a united?) Ireland makes the arrangement pointless. A Brexit shouldn't drag Remainer Scotland & NI out of the EU, so they have the right to end the union. - Thoughts? 
Catalan secessionists publish a kids book on the ilegal referendum on 1-Oct. The pictures will vive hoy an idea. Is this #indoctrination más #HatredSpeech?@nytimes @washingtonpost @thetimes @cnni @BBCWorld @Independent @guardian @heraldscotland @ONUHumanRights @EU_Commission 
In light of the slithering putrescent disaster that is the Tories, how can this be, Jeremy Corbyn? Answer: your unacceptable stance on Brexit. STOP BREXIT is the clear, unequivocal, sane and right policy to save us from the mess you have so far helped the Tories to make.  
Brexit could wreck green agenda, says UN  
Don't know if Brexit will happen nowDon't know much abt leaving nowDon't know much abt BorderologyDon't know abt the technologyBut I do know that I love EUAnd I know that if the EU loves me tooWhat a wonderful world this will be.Apologies to Sam Cooke 
.@SteveHiltonx: On Brexit and Trump, the elites are trying to overturn the 2016 populist revolution  
It can’t be right that for 2 years Labour conference delegates have been prevented from debating Brexit yet fringe events on Brexit were standing room only - that is if you could get in!! support  
"Explain how Somerset Capital Management, your investment firm, and therefore yourself, stand to benefit substantially from a hard Brexit compared to a soft one"  
Eddie I'm a HUGE fan and I hope you will take on board how damaging #Brexit will be for the UK and for Brits like me in the EU27. It could tear our family apart. Please don't forget about us. We're NOT bargaining chips. We're people who made choices in good faith. #FinalSayForAll 
Pete North is essentially a high-school shooter without the gun. He's a lonely, misanthropic person with a huge chip on his shoulder about people he sees enjoying a social life from which he feels excluded. The harm brexit will do is payback for him. 
Great that the #RoyalWedding will boost the British economy by £1bn... Just a shame Brexit is gonna cost the UK £200bn every year within a decade. 
May threatens Brexiteers with referendum on Ireland’s unification if they push too hard.Damian Green:“she is certainly not bluffing”Yet more irony!She bluffs everything else with #Brexit, except threats to destroy British Union in order to save #EU ! 
Why was the referendum turnout so high ?Why was the vote so high ?... because, for once, voters felt their vote  COUNTEDThey felt it did matterThey felt it wasn't wastedThey felt every vote countedWhich it didDeny the referendum result & UK democracy will never be the same  
#Corbyn Couldn’t hit a Cows arse with a shovel. Oppose #Brexit and clean up  
Decision time: with less than a week to go before the referendum on the #EighthAmendment, @obraonain, @MaryERegan and @oconnellhugh report on the latest poll findings, and the views of voters on the doorsteps pic.twitter.com/1q4cdzlmGf 
Support for CANZUK () shouldn't be surprising: we share a common history and culture, family ties, the monarchy, parliamentary democracy, the rule of law and trial by jury. @jackpowell82 on the opportunities for Britain's young post-Brexit:  
'One Suffolk quayside handles £80 billion of trade a year — that is £77 billion more than the entire Irish border — without a glitch.'  #Brexit 
The privilege of being able to write an article like this a week before a referendum that has seen women treated like dirt by a chunk of Irish society & relentlessly harassed by American & Canadian trolls. I'd love to have that much ignorance of reality. 
THE OBSERVER: UN warns Britain over ‘Green Brexit’ #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Wonder what #brexit voting Chelsea fans think when their manager and star players are working in the UK as a result of using EU freedom of movement rules. Just a thought. 
Support in the community falling apart. Choosing to have less cash to care for the elderly (almost inevitably you). Less for the NHS, education, housing, transport, justice, food standards & police patrols, is an odd definition of "Taking back control. #Remain #Leave #Brexit 
Opinium/Observer poll: The Tories have opened up a four-point lead over Labour – the biggest since last year’s general election. With support for a second referendum having remained unchanged since a year ago with 37% backing the idea and 49% opposing it. 
It's not working. This everything to everyone approach is dead.Time to do what the vast majority of Labour voters want and oppose Brexit. 
Wake up @UKLabour. This supporting #Brexit is clearly not working. Start opposing this appalling government on #Brexit and you will destroy it. It’s an open goal - start taking some shots into it.  
I’ve been driving pretty well all day so I missed the royal wedding.It holds zero interest for me.But tonight I watched it all, Ali Tv is er limitedI thought it was awesome.Particularly against the backdrop of racist xenophobic Brexit.Love is everything Remember that 
Street art that is critical of the #EU is increasingly manifesting all across Europe!As awareness grows of the ever increasing tyranny of the EU, democratically minded artists are making their voices heard on the streets!#brexit #democracy #streetart 
I spoke to three oil and gas people tonight. One said Brexit was a “shambles”, the second said it was “a nightmare” and the third said:...”There will be thousands of job losses.”  
To the best of my knowledge, David Cather (a rank & file unelected DUP member) was the only DUP member to publicly disagree with the party's pro-Brexit stance before the EU referendum - even though some of the DUP's most senior figures privately agreed with him & voted Remain.  
So Kevin McKenna is calling for a referendum NOW. Apart from anything else (and there is much), he appears not to have heard of a section 30 order, and the need for one for a referendum to be legal. Silly Kevin. 
Brexit is no more. It has ceased to be. It's expired and gone to meet its maker. This is a late Brexit. It's a stiff. Bereft of life, it rests in peace. If you hadn't nailed it to the perch, it would be pushing up daisies. This is an ex-Brexit... Wakey!-Wakey!  
It's vital that Young Labour members have our voices heard on Brexit. A hard Brexit that slashes worker's rights, freedom of movement and single market access will hurt the many.@Melantha___ and I have written to our leader, @jeremycorbyn, calling for a vote at conference. 
This week myself and @mrwtch, representing a combined Labour membership of more than 100,000 people, wrote to @jeremycorbyn calling for a vote on Brexit at Labour Party conference. RT if you agree.  
For those of us feeling “we’ll be grand” remember the divorce referendum was passed by only 9,114 votes; that's three votes per ballot box. Every #together4yes  vote will count on Friday.. 
Therefore if Brexit isn't delivering on the promises that led you to vote for it, and you know half of the country was BEGGING you to go a different way, keeping your mouth shut now, would be unforgivable. 
Scotland has another Independence Referendum and winsIreland becomes unifiedQueenie diesScotland has a referendum on whether it wants to pick up the tab for CharlesIt's a big #NoThanks from ScotlandThe End 
Here’s Ray. He voted leave on the promise of a rosy future & the pledge for all the money for the NHS. But, now he sees the chaos the UK is in as a result of the vote & that both of these are untrue, he’s a #Remainernow @raybates for speaking out! Brexit isn’t inevitable!  
Hi, Space Angel, You're so right ! The people who say : Just get on with it. Don't have a clue. BREXIT will affect every aspect of our lives in the U.K., yet people seem blissfully un-aware of the consequences of it. Just STOP BREXIT.  
 Barry Gardiner on Marr Show, trying to derail Brexit. John McDonnell on BBCSP out to derail Brexit. Unbelievable all 6 Muppets on Peston wil be attacking Brexit. Trying everything to stop Brexit. Peston you idiot 6 Remainers on. No ones watching that load of bollocks.  
I watched a fair bit of #RoyalWedding today. I like #HarryandMeghanHarry, has done a lot for the UK including two tours of Afghanistan.And Meghan, even before she was a future princess she was looking out for UK’s best interests by actively opposing #brexit #StopBrexit 
Boris Johnson urges Argentinians to ‘reset’ their relationship with Britain on a five-day Brexit tour  
Sorry civilised world. Spain's PM @marianorajoy acted illegally by:   1. Sending police into polling stations during October 1 referendum.   2. Dissolving Catalan Parliament.   3. Sacking Catalan gov and president   4. Calling Catalan elections (for Unionists to win) 1/4 
You get the feeling the Lords are on their last leg and May is adding old friends to the House, not for Brexit but for Golden Pensions as pay off for cronies. 
Nice lady. Says 17.4 million people aren’t decent. Most remainers accept the result. Vile #Remoaners like her just strengthen the resolve of the rest of us to make #Brexit succeed.  
Latest in my Brexit Central series: Wrexiteers now risk undermining trust in democracy itself  
Yes. Because Brexit will make *every single* issue you mention below worse in ways never seen before.  
Could Brexit cause a revolution within 2 weeks of going over the cliff?  :)  
All this while #Brexit happening eh? ....   
best deal for UK is to walk away from Brexit talks now,get ready for no deal in march 2019 & make a clean break from the EU.We will never be fully free unless we break ties with the EU which Theresa May is trying to stop with her awful deal which imposes EU supremacy after Brexit  
Why a Brexit failure looks more likely every day  
Please try and support this march and demonstrate to @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn that they need to change their pro Brexit stance and #StopBrexit 
Great that Lewisham East looks set to have an MP determined to oppose a job-killing Brexit. Let’s get on with it!  
According to one, William Ruto, the talk about a referendum is divisive. Whats wrong with this man? Referendum is constitutional and any Kenyan can push for any anytime.These Kanu youth wingers should not be allowed anywhere near power 
I've complained a lot about what I see as the failings of Remain resistance this week. But please let me say I admire those who consistently maintain anti Brexit street stalls across the country, engaging with people to change minds and offering a visible sign of resistance. 
The construction market is valued at c. £99 billion.It is contracting.Every worker, contractor, supplier and customer will feel the effect.It is contracting because of low confidence in the market. This is due to brexit.Xenophobic fuckwits did this.#FBPE 
Let’s just put this out there so Remainers shut up about the advisory nature of the Referendum  
thanks brexit ://  
"If the referendum fails, then what? Keep handing English telephone numbers to women who have been raped or women with fatal foetal abnormalities?"    
Last Friday night outreach in Dublin before the referendum. But there's a lot to do during the next days. Join us now! #LoveBothVoteNo &#StopTheTsunami of misinformation  
.@eddieizzard There’s only one question that needs answering: When will @UKLabour do what’s right for the country, it’s people and the future ... and oppose Brexit? Because if Labour does oppose it, Brexit will fall.  
Seamus Jennings on Brexit dancing around the may-pole - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
For too long, the #EU have ignored the people of Europe, overturning referendums and forcing immigration levels far beyond the amount we can cope with.This resulted first in Brexit, and hopefully next in Italexit!!  #fo2eu 
A massive thank you to our musicians! What a way to celebrate our last big stall before the referendum. Thank you so much for supporting @Together4yes, we had a wonderful day today in #Dundalk town. 
Guess what absolute dope went to the T4Y shop for badges & broke down crying? A lovely woman noticed and asked me if I was okay and I ended up roaring crying to her. She was so kind and reassuring but I feel a bit silly. This referendum will be the end of me. 
“No to another referendum”.It’s an idiotic mantra.“The people of Scotland decided in 2014..”By that argument the U.K. made their decision to join the EU in 1973. 
The Brexit fraud inquiry starts to show its teeth- Me in the Observer  
Campaigning for #PeoplesVote on final #Brexit deal. With @euromovescot teams today in Edinburgh: Portobello in morning, Meadows in afternoon. @euromove @YEMEdinburgh 
This article is indeed significant. If true looks like moderate conservative pro-eu MPs are starting to show their teeth and winning over some #leavers It may be that this is for a soft #Brexit rather than full #RemainerNow but it represents progress toward full #STOPBREXIT 
David Miliband joins the battle against a hard Brexit.   
"I can see why he may be feeling a niggle of fear. He has become the first person to refuse to co-operate with the Commons DCM&S committee’s investigation into the referendum and it is easy to guess why"Indeed#Brexitgate#Brexit fraud#Brexitshambles 
It's been so long since I ragetweeted about the trashfire of British politics that I've picked up some leavers. Your regular reminder I think Brexit is stupid, I fear it will devastate this country, I hope I'm wrong but see nothing indicating otherwise. 
No, it’s Brexit, there was no way of delivering this stupid policy in any manner that wouldn’t have left us looking like idiots. 
That is one of the many problems with Americans. I do so wish we had the openness and acceptance of immigrants and people of color that everyone has in the U.K. #Brexit 
Agreed. The royal family has made a political choice to align with one side of the divided country and it's not the stale anti-migrant brexit establishment. They are perhaps taking a slightly longer view of the demographic than the BBC and HoC. 
This was my heartfelt message to Shrewsbury constituents the night before EU Referendum. Majority of them  voted to leave EU and I intend to do everything I can within my power to ensure their wishes respected. Daniel @ShropshireStar @BBCShropshire @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BrugesGroup 
Thrilled @OwenSmith_MP will speak in Bath on June 9 on Can we stop Brexit? Tickets here  @Labour4EU @Bristol4Europe @_Britain4Europe @peoplesvote_uk @bathlive @TheNewEuropean @BathLabourParty Please RT 
Had a little stroll around in Leave and Brexit land on Twitter and FB. They are very demoralised and very much backs to the wall. Keep it up #FBPE, we’re winning  
How telling is it that even the politicians can’t say #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe, all they can throw back is that we had a referendum and people wanted (past tense) to leave the EU...  
34. Henry VIII Powers.Struggling to make any progress with Brexit, Theresa May planned to introduce legislation to allow minister to hold powers without parliamentary scrutiny. Once again opposition and public scrutiny led to the plans being shelved.  
I think Tory arrogance and Stupidity will force SG into using it's mandate calling a snap referendum, Scotland will vote Yes and UK Gov will claim it's a bogey, Scotland will be forced into UDI like every other colony England has tried to keep against it's willRIP corrupt Union 
This is spot on, you can’t punish someone for having a different opinion to you.  Everyone is entitled to their own view in this referendum - vote what you believe is right on the 25th.  
#Biafra #IPOB“The crowd Nnamdi Kanu pulled can never be matched by anybody within #Ohaneze rank. And what those crowd are asking for is #Referendum not #Restructuring.”- Okey Igbokwe 
The Brexit dividend. Andrea Leadsom's family property business has more than doubled its net worth.  
19. Brexit talks sequence.The Tories had always claimed they wanted to discuss the EU divorce bill alongside new trade talk negotiations, however Michel Barnier ruled this out and David Davis caved in to their demands.  
I'm loving it. Nothing during the past 2 years has given me greater pleasure than watching Brexit completely fall around your wind-tunnel separated ears.  
Bibury’s parish notices - garden festival, Murder on the Orient Express, antiques fair - & me speaking at the village church on Brexit at 6pm today hosted by the vicar!  
Brilliant work South Swindon CLP. Labour members must discuss, debate and define Labour Brexit policy at Conference.  
No, the main takeaway is that the hubristic far left failed to stitch up the contest because they forgot all about Labour members in Lewisham East and what their priorities are - an avowedly anti-Brexit, independently-minded, local MP  
I’m a 63 year old lifelong #labour voting #remainer & I too feel let down by @UKLabour under dyed in the wool #brexiteer & #tory #brexit #lickspittle incompetent @jeremycorbyn #labour should be fighting #brexit tooth & nail as it favours the rich at the expense of working people 
Alex Deane: Go for it, Theresa! Pack the Lords with a hundred new Leave-backing peers – for a yearSingle year peers to deliver Brexit 
When politicians talk of the "Will of the People", they mean whatever they have decided the people to have meant by ticking a box next to a short phrase on a ballot paper, and that no-one has a legitimate democratic right to oppose them. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
In case the Spanish government refuses to agree a referendum in Catalonia, do you think the Catalan Republic should be declared? 
I wasn’t looking forward to the wedding. But now I see message and reality that the young shall inherit the earth. The last roar of the Brexit dinosaurs cant stop change. Brexit is King Canute and the future like the sea can’t be held back.  
Tories have lost a shed load of votes in the House of Lords on #Brexit.So what does the #PM do?She puts FIVE ex Tory MPs in the House of Lords who are #REMOANERS,to make the defeats even bigger in future.#Madness 
It’s been obvious for months that all this focus on the Irish border is utter nonsense. It’s high time the government stopped its pathetic dithering over the subject and called it out for what it is: a deliberate attempt to stop Brexit.    
Felixstowe port shows the politics is getting in the way of getting things done. Their philosophy is GOWI (Get on with it). Apparently no one from Brexit has been to look at a technology driven system that effortlessly handles 25 times more customs traffic than NI border.  
Here's Aberdeen's local hard Brexit Fan @RossThomson_MP showing us what it will acheive for his constituents 
WATCH: Jordan Peterson Backs Brexit: ‘As a Canadian, I Bet on Britain’  
Institute for GovernmentThe Scottish Parliament has rejected the Brexit bill – are we heading for a second independence referendum? 
#Biafra #IPOB #Ohanaeze #Nigerian“The crowd Nnamdi Kanu pulled can never be matched by anybody within Ohaneze rank. And what those crowd are asking for is Referendum not Restructuring.”- Okey Igbokwe 
David Cameron – who decided to hold the EU referendum – has more or less gone into hiding.  
"Go back to your own fucking country" was what I heard being shouted from a car, at some guys earlier today.This is what #Brexit has done to our country. Given power and voice to the vilest in our society.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
If you have any questions about the referendum please do watch this. Qs on law and medicine answered by me, @DrMarkMurphy and Professor @mairenihuigin. We covered a lot of ground in about 25 mins of our panel; hopefully it helps people #8thref #Together4Yes @Together4yes 
Four more senior MPs break ranks to demand a second referendum on Brexit.The Merseyside @UKLabour MPs broke with their party’s official policy as they called for a #PeoplesVote on the UK’s final deal.Let’s make sure there’s an option to #Remain #O2R. 
I'm absolutely delighted that South Swindon CLP has adopted a motion calling for this year's Labour Party conference to have a say on Brexit, which is absolutely crucial if we are to stop these disastrous Tory negotiations from stymieing a Jeremy Corbin led government #LABOURSAY. 
BRUTAL SHOCK for @theresa_may. MPs tell her dump #Brexit talks, walk away from EU, save 40 billion. DUP agrees. @BorisJohnson #borisjohnson 
Serious damage has been done thanks to Brexit  
Let’s be clear. We were born to fight Brexit, we are living to fight Brexit and we will never stop! But our message continues to say that Brexit must be stopped to Renew Britain afterwards. We are a party not just an anti Brexit pressure group. 
No doubt the @LiamFox  will want a Trade Deal with Australia and @michaelgove will say he wants to uphold animal welfare. Let’s have a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit Deal @latikambourke 
Love Them Both - a pastoral message from @ArchbishopEamon Martin as the 25 May Referendum approaches  @Chooselife2018 
Brexit Boom: British Car Industry to Create 320,000 New Jobs by 2030  
For people who will vote NO as an F you to the government and think Yes voters are falling into some Fine Gael trap: You have it backwards. We have been actively campaigning for nearly SIX YEARS to get this referendum. Because of OUR work, FG has completely changed their position 
Brighty on kicking the Brexit can down the road - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The idea that a handful (& that’s what it would be) of @theSNP peers in the Lords would make a blind bit of difference to #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope is laughable. On #Brexit the one thing they couldn’t be bothered to rebel on was protecting Scottish #devolution 
The daily mail comment section racists are going full bananas bonkers about the royal wedding so here is what today's front page would look like if their comments were the headlines (I almost died laughing at the brexit comment)  
‘......Because let me be clear: there is nothing socialist about Brexit. The Labour party – my Labour party – shouldn’t be championing a right-wing Tory Brexit.What is left wing about putting up borders? What is progressive about making the UK smaller and more insular?...’  
The British people had their voice heard once. But as negotiations move towards a final plan for Brexit, the question remains: did they vote for Brexit on these terms? Join the Kialo debate on whether the UK should have a second, final, Brexit referendum!  
The results of our street stall survey today in Leamington Spa:For a #peoplesvote:Yes: 176 (80%)No: 38 (9%)Don’t know: 5 (1%)In our poll, Leamington Spa overwhelmingly want a #finalsay on the #brexit deal. 
That’s what it is Bernadette! Why would we change the name to suit one side. It’s abortion/ termination of pregnancy referendum and it’s NOT called a women’s rights/ health referendum! 
There being no demonstrable 'benefits' resulting from Brexit, apart from a Blue fucking passport, all that is left is a racist agenda. Personally I don't think kicking out highly qualified taxpaying forrin doctors, nurses, engineers, scientists etc is a terribly good fucking idea 
This farmer on #bbcaq is correct 80% of farmers are at risk of going bankrupt if there is a Hard Brexit. Brexit will kill upland farming. We need to Stop this madness 
It was a big victory, by 288 votes to 135.  Wider implication too: @JanetDaby is committed to continuing Heidi Alexander's opposition to a 'hard Brexit' in Parliament. 
Delighted to see the Africanisation of the Queens household at the #RoyalWedding. The service had black everything. #Brexit Brits will be frothing at the mouth. Congratulations to the happy couple. We want throw back babies.  
"I Have No Strong Feelings About The Referendum, Due To Being Dead"  
EddieBefore a Labour govt can achieve anything it needs to be able to fund policies.The CHEAPEST Brexit available is £615m a week, equal to £88 per household per month, a 13% tax rise if you're on average income. So the thing to address is: Brexit.There is nothing else.  
That awkward moment when you remember #Brexit is still a thing. #royalwedding 
Our street stall in Leamington Spa is nearly over. It was hugely successful on this sunny day. #brexit #finalsay 
Multicultural Britain throws a multicultural wedding for a multicultural couple.That was Britain at its best, the way it used to be, the way it was before #Brexit legitimised racism and xenophobia. 
#StopBrexit and address the issues that gave rise to it - ie the UK’s OWN failings - not the trumped up lies about the EU.Why are Labour going along with this corrupt, illogical, and hugely damaging Brexit?!BREXIT IS A REWARD TO FAR RIGHT PROPAGANDA!#StopBrexit 
Strongly anti-Brexit @JanetDaby wins Lewisham Labour nomination beating off Corbynite Momentum challenge. She ran on a pro-EU platform for the nomination pledge to stay on same line as @Heidi_LDN Will Labour leadership now start listening @Andrew_Adonis @MikeGapes @Kevin_Maguire 
Brexit means brexit!!!!!  
Spot on. @eddieizzard - many life-long Labour voters have been forced to leave the party,and vote against it in protest to the lack of care being shown to the poorest by Labour over brexit.Please, help us return to the fold by making Labour recognise the need for a people’s vote. 
This wedding really feels like some deep Narnian anti-Brexit, anti-racist magical ritual, as though Aslan might emerge from the sacristy at any moment declaring the end of Farage's endless winter.  #HarryandMeghan 
Dear Eddie, you once played a part in a film, Valkyrie. It was a character who stood up to do the right thing. Do the right thing now and make it clear that Brexit of any kind is not in the best interests of our country. @UKLabour are complicit in the Tory Brexit. Please stop it. 
Keir Starmer’s 6 tests have already failed. And what’s labour done about it? Nothing. They are co-responsible for Brexit, especially Corbyn  
With evidence of illegality mounting daily the silence from the government is as baffling as the perpetrators ability to understand that the game is up, here's AIQ's Jeff Silvester attempting to play the innocent card..... 
Another Brexit dividend! 
#Brexit is a crime to democracy and the people of the UK/EU. The EU Ref and what followed was a silent coup by a group of billionaires supported by the Alt Right and high-tech. Before Theresa May takes us out Erdogan-style, MPs need to take her out.MPs do your job!#StopBrexit 
Whilst Hazza and Megan Sparkle disgracefully waste MILLIONS of taxpayers money it is used like 'the Skripols' as a diversion tactic so that you forget about asking one basic question...."What is happening with BREXIT?"#traitor 
Tell Labour to wake up & oppose Brexit. Oppose it, stop it, end the madness of it. One simple message: Stop Brexit.  
Proof the #Remainer row over EU Customs Union is claptrap: There's barely a customs officer in sight at Felixstowe which handles £80 billion of goods a year... so why all the hysteria about the Irish border with its £3 billion trade?  #Brexit  
Our last Saturday before the referendum, and what a day  The SW crew are by Fitzwilliam Place in Wicklow Town, with badges, balloons and big smiles for yes! We've some Repeal jumpers and T4Y tshirts for sale - so come down, show support, and say #together4yes @Together4yes 
I want to know what Prince Harry, newly appointed Baron Kilkeel thinks of Brexit and the Irish border . Here’s a map for him ... to show where his new barony is. Maybe he can do a day trip to Dundalk for some customised experience!  
Kinda inconvenient for all those racist Windrush and brexit policies. A royal wedding full of black people. Harry, unlike Rees Mogg, represents the real progressive Britain. Not the racist anachronism that would try to take us back to a long forgotten British Empire. 
Dr. Jordan Peterson has suggested he backs #Brexit in an appearance on the BBC. "If you try to build a homogenous, totalitarian structure that usurps the transcendent, it will begin to badly fragment from within."  
A black woman in an updo directing a black choir in "Stand By Me" after a black preacher gave a 3-point sermon complete with altar call might be the official end of the United Kingdom  . This is the real Brexit. #RoyalWedding 
If I get another corbynista tell me the #RoyalWedding stands for everything terrible in this world with an African American Pastor  preaching love & Martin Luther King quotes while Jeremy demands a hard #brexit in order to keep the immigrants out - I’ll vote #LibDems. 
So nice to see Meghan show her support for the upcoming referendum here in Ireland. #royalwedding #repealthe8th 
Wow from a passionate preaching black Reverend to a all black choir how black has this royal wedding got? Brexit watchers have been trembling for like 20mins 
lads this is the guy who can stop brexit  
Eddie, please will you propose that Labour opposes #Brexit, as most of it's voters want. We need a #FinalSay, the ref was only advisory, influenced by Russia & was fuelled by lies. Brexit is about tax avoidance & will lead to a race to the bottom for many- please help prevent it. 
Brexit 0 - 2 Irish Border  
Do you respect the advisory referendum result? I don’t. It did not respect our democracy. It was flawed in the question put & in those excluded from voting, there was massive deceit, criminal fraud (overspending and collusion) & foreign interference. Respect the referendum? No.  
As the Brexeratti are finding out, with a realisation that Brexit is undeliverable, they are finding it increasingly difficult to sustain their lies. There is still no agreement and no plan, increasing evidence of deception, manipulation of the rigged referendum. Brexit is dead.  
Dominic Grieve - The problem of #Brexit is that the referendum was a binary choice on an abstract subject. The argument for a #PeoplesVote is a compelling one & interestingly when it's put to people it's clear a majority of people see the rationale behind it.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Eddie, Brexit of any type will severely hurt our economy and as always the working/poor will suffer. Austerity will continue for generations. If the party can't be persuaded to oppose Brexit totally, a  #PeoplesVote is essential. 
Given #CambridgeAnalytica & VoteLeave cheating, why does Labour support Brexit?Why is #Labour enabling Tory #Brexit when Govt's own analysis shows all Brexits bad for Britain with Labour's heartlands worst impacted?Why is Labour promising a unicorn "same benefits as now"Brexit? 
.@eddieizzard 1. @uklabour leadership must oppose Brexit 2. @uklabour leadership must  condemn Brexit 3. @uklabour leadership must not back Brexit 4.  Seriously @uklabour leadership really need to start to opposing Brexit 5. If they don’t they should quit, 6. All the above 
I know it’s all part of a dodgy attempt to manipulate Brexit votes but ‘Lord Pickles’ has a lovely ring to it.Not to mention the merchandising opportunities. 
It's 5 weeks today until many thousands of us will exercise our democratic right and march through London for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.Will you join us? 
A South Belfast DUP member who warned on our letters pages against Brexit before the referendum now says the party's 10 MPs should back a softer Brexit to save the Union  
1) Deliver a Clean Brexit. 2) Deliver a Clean Brexit. 3) Deliver a Clean Brexit. 4) Deliver a Clean Brexit. 5) Deliver a Clean Brexit. 
Dia dhaoibh! Is mise Aifric, @theirishfor have very kindly let me take over the @Motherfocloir account this week! I'm writing this from sunny Roscommon where we're coming to canvass for @LeCheileArSonTa. Expect lots of positive referendum chat and Reeling in the Years references.  
The utter betrayal that soft Brexit represents will surely hasten the Conservative Party’s demise, as its activists continue to leave and voters turn away in disgust:  
In other words: "no, you can f*ck the rule of law, because brexit". Thanks for that  
Interesting meeting with MEP @HelmutScholzMEP im Berlin yesterday."the awareness of the Brexit impact must be built up from the grassroots level up" he says.As a grassroots organisation we couldn't agree more  
Hi Eddie, please could you ask the NEC which one of these three Brexit options will deliver their "jobs first" Brexit and more money for the NHS.  
In Brexit Britain the hereditary monarchy looks far more modern than the elected government. 
Brexit WARNING: EU could REJECT May’s ‘backstop’ customs union plan. Brexiteers reject it as well!  
#UK will save £109 million by not taking part in next year's #EuropeanParliament #elections! Good money for Bad RUBBISH!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @theresa_may #Brexit #UK #EU #Labour #LabourParty @UKLabour #Tory 
How many times. Brexit is not a f*cking game. Not of football, nor poker nor even dice. It's real people, real lives, a real country at stake and that is why we need a rational and lawful decision-making process.  
Mp's voted 6-1 in favour of holding a referendum.They then voted with us in it & promised to abide by the result. For Democracy to be upheld, results have to implemented, or whats the point?  
Bitter loser @DavidLammy is still at it, throwing a major tantrum about Brexit last night on Any Questions. Luckily @Jacob_Rees_Mogg was on hand to shut him down and remind him of that all-important word: DEMOCRACY!  Support us at  pic.twitter.com/VuB3ftOroe 
Heading to Balbriggan this morning for @FingalT4Y referendum rally! This day next week - ballot boxes will be opened and the counting of votes will be underway! Once in a generation opportunity #togetherforyes 
A Brexit that is palatable to all and that doesn't risk undermining the integrity of the UK union, risk jobs & affect investment into our poorest regions in Wales & elsewhere, is undeliverable and for that reason I'm a #RemainerNow #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
The doctrine of the "Will of the People" has a rich fascist pedigree, preached by Mussolini, Goebbels and Oswald Mosley, it has been resuscitated by Theresa May and many Brexiters.   (thanks @SimonBruni for the graphics)#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Whaaaaaaaat? Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn a Brexiter? Nooooooo! Surely not! But, but he's playing the long game!! That's right isn't it #PCPEU? No, wait, that's right, he IS a massive Brexiter. His vision of Brexit is as damaging as the Tory one. He is also complicit in the Tory one.  
In 2017 90% of the MPs were elected on a manifesto promising to make #Brexit happen.They should stop all the faffing about and honour their promise.If they don't, the 17.4 million who voted #LEAVE will vote them out at the next election. 
We asked @CharlieElphicke one of the most important questions of our generation #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe? His reaction & attitude was disgusting - especially for the people of #Dover represented by such an arrogant man with no regard for how #Brexit will effect them & us all!  
Sorry, mate. You voted for this fiasco. You own it. There's no way Brexit can be a success. If you want our help, try listening to us and Remain.#FBPE 
Once again I'm delighted to accept full and sole responsibility for Brexit being an abject and humiliating failure for the UK. It's entirely my fault and I trust that history will faithfully record that fact. 
I'm #hometocanvass this weekend in Wexford.Last weekend before the referendum on May 25th.Let's do this.#Together4Yes 
From being a prosperous nation, to 2nd bottom of table.. Even Greece are stronger. Not project fear ppl.. Just cold, hard reality! #Brexit  
This very shouty, obnoxious anti British Brexit Monkey says I will be walking alone on 23rd June. Will I?  
Antidemocratic unaccountable European Union Scorecard 2018:Countries joined:  28Leaving:  1In internal dispute with: >2Not joining: 168People in EU : 500 millionPeople not in EU 7,000 millionShare of world trade: 15% (falling) 'Global leadership'? : NoViva Brexit! pic.twitter.com/8bQGHe3mpk 
17.4m voted to leave the EU on 23/06/16Tories & Lab ran on manifestos to leave EU for the May 17 GE.Brexiteers moved back to Tories & Lab due to those promises.Tories & Lab reneged on those promises. Only an all  Party "Brexit Alliance" can ensure the Brexit we voted for. 
Former Irish Farmers’ Association (IFA) president Eddie Downey is among a group of farmers who have launched a “Farmers for Yes” campaign group to call for a Yes vote in the abortion referendum #yourYESmatters 
Scottish independence referendum cost: £15.8mnUnionists: WASTE OF PUBLIC MONEY! THE SNP ARE FINANCIALLY IRRESPONSIBLE! Harry and Meghan's wedding: £32mnUnionists: omg i luv u guys 
#FBPE friends. This article sums up the utter disaster #Brexit is causing  to our country. I just read this to my wife & we were both in tears. It makes me redouble my resolve to fight for a #PeoplesVote. Let's send this to every MP! #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
spiked is stronger with your support. Donate today to keep us fighting for Brexit:  
Mike Galsworthy - I'm a scientist & when a trial(brexit) is going wrong you step in & stop it & I think that would be in the national interest. So it's to say we need a #PeoplesVote on the deal with the people being empowered to ditch brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE @mikegalsworthy 
The possibility of a referendum has been dismissed. What other possible remedies could the 14 member committee of Paul mwangi be discussing? Raila should shed his suits and wear, again, his bullet proof jacket. Otherwise, his credibility goes pfft. 
.@theresa_may announced these Brexit loving new peers last night hoping you’d be so distracted by #RoyalWedding to notice. Shameless. Pls RT to prove social media mightier than spin! 
WATCH: Jordan Peterson Backs Brexit: ‘As a Canadian, I Bet on Britain’  
Genuinely intrigued to see what remains if I try to mute all wedding and football stuff on here today: a few hardy souls promoting their books or reminiscing about The Double Deckers, some impotent Trump and Brexit rage, cat pictures and Friends GIFs. 
We can't undo that stupidly designed Brexit referendum.But watching the Tories destroy themselves delivering a Brexit is golden.And that's just a cheerful prelude to watching them suffer the consequences afterwards.For a generation.Pass the popcorn while my country burns. 
#TheresaMay stuffing the Lords with Brexiteers gets no mention on the BBC front page this morning. Nothing.Parliamentary system: subvertedThe BBC: SilentVery Concerning: Understatement#lords #HouseofLords #Brexit #fbpe #WATON 
Parliament voted to have a referendum and parliament voted to trigger Article 50. Then we had a general election and both main parties committed to implementing the referendum result and leave the EU. So your conditions have been met. 
Had this been under a Labour government the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation would have gone to town, wedding or no wedding.  
I can hear the good people of Kilkeel cheering this news from behind the mountain. ‘Hurrah’, they are shouting, ‘surely our new Baron will come and save our small but locally important post-Brexit fishing industry’  
It looks like Hugh Grant (has-been actor, once arrested after being caught with a prostitute) has been lashing out against Brexit, claiming that the country is being "f***ed up by the dim and bigoted". Nasty guy!Support us at  
These remoaner fuckers have the cheek to say Brexiters lied during the referendum campaign, but fail to explain their treasury report, planned expansion, denial of the EU army, and the move towards a federal European superstate. (Ask Guy)Who are the liars? 
Next referendum???My vote is for total separation of Church and State. 
‘If we get Brexit wrong we will not be forgiven for a generation’   
MPs warning that Brexit poses lots of risks to UK pharma sector.In fact, damage is already happening as pharma companies are spending big ££ on contingency plans given Brexit negotiations currently going nowhere.  
A quick glance through the @scotlandinunion twitter page reveals they are running terrified of a Scottish Independence referendum. Tweet after Tweet is a warning that Indyref is coming. Yet not a single tweet telling us why the Union is so wonderful. The game is up#ticktock 
Brexit options:1. Remain member of EU2. Stay in Single Market and Customs Union3. Leave Single Market and/or Customs Union4. No deal  
What’s that Greek myth where a border is chained to Brexit in a pool of refreshing good sense but can never drink its waters, while above the border hangs the delicious fruit of the status quo but the border can never eat it? 
Blazing hypocrite: The UN ‘expert’ who said Brexit has made Britain more racist has been exposed as a supporter of Mugabe’s racist policy of torching and stealing white families’ homes.  
We live in interesting times . We have dismissed the discussions on a  possible referendum before the Commitee of 14 convenes ! They may as well cut cake and toss confetti 
I’m delighted today to be in Malmo with leaders of other European feminist parties to discuss how feminism can counter the rise of nationalism. Whatever #Brexit brings, WE will work with our sisters in Europe to safeguard human rights.  
'Le Monde' explains secret French help with the Catalan independence referendum  
Former IFA president Eddie Downey is among a group of farmers who have launched a “Farmers for Yes” campaign group to call for a Yes vote in the referendum.  #farmersforyes #together4yes  campaigns-to-repeal-eighth-amendment-1.3500700 
There has been a clear shift in public opinion that #Brexit is bad for UK since Aug 2017 & the latest figures in May its increased again.So many people who voted leave or abstained in 2016 have changed their minds & are #remainernow Brexit reality is a long way from promises!  
"I want people to remember her"Savita Halappanavar’s father urges Yes vote in abortion referendum#Together4Yes #Repealthe8th #TogetherForYes 
Adding injury to insult, @theresa_may sneaked out this news about packing peers on the late afternoon before the royal wedding. Cynical & contemptuous of democracy much? In the name of Brexit, this govt - sadly enabled by Labour, is willing to sacrifice so unacceptably much. 
First copy of my new anti-Brexit book with Will Hutton. A Big Plan to reform Britain, Attlee style. Out in a fortnight!  
#ChrisCairns proves once again that he's the best political cartoonist in soon-to-be #Independent #Scotland#IndyRef2 @cairnstoon #Brexit #ScotRef 
So @theresa_may actually went and did it. Packed the Lords. In the Nsme of Brexit. “Taking back control.”  
"MAY’S DELAY UPON DELAY MEANS STAY" Is this a betrayal too far?  Read our #Brexit facts and analysis:  
Great that @BBCr4today reporting from Windsor Castle, but to replay the same clips every quarter of an hour, when Brexit & future of country in the balance, a bit much 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  166,200 Signatures to drive our campaign forward. Politicians can dodge the debate we ask for, but they cannot deny these Signatures RETWEET THEM  
Theresa May went across the line when she proposed 10 new peers in the House of Lords - just so she could win some votes on Brexit. Stuffing the House with supporters is the action of a tyrant. This has got to be stopped #GerryMandering #r4today 
Some names of the new Brexit supporting Lords have been announced:Lord GrimlyBZ36485071Lord SmithD10000345Lady Qwerty034Lord Mussorgsky546797 
It’s Saturday.And now there’s talk of a ‘sensible’ #Brexit.Wake up, people, there’s no such thing as a ‘sensible’ #Brexit, it’s total nonsense and highly damaging.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FaceDownTheFruitcakes 
Seán Moncrieff: If the referendum fails, then what?via @IrishTimes 
Blazing hypocrite: She’s the UN ‘expert’ lionised by the Left after saying that Brexit’s made Britain more racist... but we reveal how she supported Mugabe’s racist policy of torching and stealing white families’ homes  via @MailOnline 
Parliament did no such thing; it only authorised an advisory referendum. The prime minister at the time made a statement that was incorrect & at  variance with the referendum act. The current govt continued that breach of the law; and parliament has never voted on leaving the EU  
May told to "get real" about the numbers in parliament. Hard Brexit is being driven by 55-60 Tory MPs. Less than 10% of the House of Commons. That's democracy for you!  
Ruth, why anyone should trust the Conservatives is beyond meYour history is full of horrors including the poll tax, Brexit, obsession against migrants  Windrush...My fellow Tories, I’m afraid the crash generation just doesn’t trust us | Ruth Davidson  
Morning all! Time for my daily #brexit realisation:"#Brexit only makes sense when you realise that these people really, REALLY just don't care." 
Good morning @RailaOdinga , failure to make the grounds for handshake with @UKenyatta public left Kenyans guessing. Was the constitutional referendum part of the talks ? If so , sentiments by the president are interpreted as betrayal. I might be wrong though. Cc @TheODMparty 
No deal is very much better than a bad deal | Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit, and Michel Barnier ought to be careful' | via @telegraph 
If only the UK had a written constitution and an elected second chamber...Brexit continues to put Britain’s democratic deficit in sharp focus.  
This is a great articl from @Heminator about U2’s embrace of abortion rights.“In the Name of Convenience: U2 and the Irish Referendum”  
A hard Brexit will ruin the Good Friday Agreement, and bring economic harm that will make poverty, inequality and exclusion even worse, and tackling it nigh on impossible. 7/ 
It also seems apparent now that whatever form of Brexit is chosen will not bring healing stability. An EEA-like Brexit will anger the Ultras, allow them to blame all ills on Brexit not being done ‘properly’, and bring constant calls to withdraw from the arrangement 6/ 
Very good article by @jonlis1 in the @TheNewEuropean. I’d argue that while Jon is right that stopping Brexit will not itself fix our politics in the short-term, ploughing on with it will embed its current broken form as the new normal in the medium-to-long term. 1/  
President Nixon has long stood against "Brexit" and wished to avoid his presence being seen as a diplomatic or political statement. - RZ  
Thanks for the Brexit kit @EASPORTSFIFA 
Fundamental misunderstanding in the EU debate:Brexit supporters often point to an EU politician who wants a federal EU or an EU army etc... and they see it as concrete.Why? UNLIKE the UK, the EU has a written constitution (the Treaties) so it can't just do whatever it likes. 
Today I, a German born, Scouse raised person, was sat at my Spaniard owned St Macaire bar, employing a Frenchman & a Catalan when 2 Brits, 4 aging Germans, 3 French kids, a Moroccan & his Irish wife rocked up, all wanting drinks & crepes. It's not a joke, It's why I hate Brexit. 
A new breakfast cereal:All BrexitA serving a day and the world will fall out of your bottom. 
Serious damage has been done thanks to Brexit.Brexit has made Britain an international joke.Stop the Brexitshambles. #StopBrexit - hold a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain in the EU #O2R. 
Nope they aren't. Not in the way they've been used here.  Advisory referendum to garner opinions yes. Anything else usually specified by super majority 
Brexit: the price of ignorance - the public is not being told the things it needs to be told, and our idle politicians are failing to acquaint themselves with the details. And for that, there will be a price to pay – the price of ignorance...  #Brexinfo. 
The Brexit Airlift of 2019  
You’re literally a member of the ruling party that is literally implementing Brexit  
#TheresaMay has appointed 9 new obeying tory peers to help deliver the hard, disastrous, economy busting #Brexit she so desires, it's there now for all to see, it's in the interest of the @Conservatives not the country, this tory Brexit will wreck our nation for a generation. 
The endless shame of this Govt, Brexit & the lengths they will go to, to cling to power. The Good Friday agreement is hanging by a thread. I am so very sorry. 
Seconded. After #Brexit is abandoned we must ensure that broadcast media news are obliged to cover #EU politics/debates. If that had happened previously (as happens elsewhere in Europe) #Farage would have been exposed as the spiv & shyster he is & @RCorbettMEP as a good guy.  
The real Brexit will be when MM throws all the brits all out of the palace. 
Did you vote leave because you were told by leave politicians that it would be good for the economy and help redistribute wealth throughout the UK? Well this is what the TUC thinks could happen to N.East with Brexit!Feel cheated? Why not be a #remainernow & back #peoplesvote 
.@KateHoeyMP it’s been 3 weeks now and i still have not heard from you what this “British model” for brexit is. Come on, this venture for the U.K. was your idea. Surely you must know. You can’t have persuaded people to vote leave when you had no plan? How will Irish border work?  
The Tories have found that "there's no Brexit model that would please all wings of the Conservative party." - Brexit has always been a Tory Party in-fight, the result is a draw but they a wrought destruction on the whole UK and mainly the poor. A total #BrexitShambles #r4today 
Right. This needs saying. There is no point in a second vote, Brexit just needs to be called off. The end. Finished.Anything less would be absolute, unmitigated madness.Enough. 
If Democrats want to make 2018 a referendum on guns, BRING IT ON!The American People are not going to hand over their guns to a bunch of Marxists. #Texas 
"We're not going to get to see the benefits of #Brexit for years and years and years if we go down this line!" @KateAndrs explains why the government's attempts to delay Brexit are so foolish!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #Tory @theresa_may 
Just dared to go onto the brexit central feed.  They seem incredibly demoralised and definitely on the back foot.  Stay strong and united, Remainer friends, as ending this madness has never felt more within our grasp since June 2016. 
No you’re right Councillor I’m just a comic how could I possibly understand Brexit - looking to the government for excellent  clarity on this thorny issue 
Dear Quitlings, After Brexit the brown people will not be going home.Most of them are home. Thank you  
.@antoni_UK - the last man standing with #WomenAgainstBrexit today, it seems. Gives me a chance to thank him for all his work for @the3million! Goodnight all and thanks so much again for helping to amplify the voices of female anti-Brexit campaigners today x  
Exc: Three former cabinet ministers plan to tell @theresa_may she has numbers in @HouseofCommons to face down @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on #Brexit  
You missed the 2017 General Election then? You know, the one where both Labour and Conservatives ran with Brexit manifestos, securing 80%+ of the vote?Not much of a "journalist", I would suggest. 
We can’t stop singing this ! Someone’s rewritten Pulp’s hit as Gammon People and it's a Brexit anthem  via @LondonEconomic 
Brexit would be the end of the UK in more ways than one. Good thing that we are going to STOP BREXIT.  
= "Tory leavers having moved their money out of the UK are now ready to profit from a disaster brexit"  
If you voted NO at Scottish Referendum and have changed to YES2 can you help Scotland by saying here what changed your mind please? It will help us reach out to those still undecided so sincere thanks. 
BBC news currently reporting that the tory party have found that "there's no Brexit model that would please all wings of the Conservative party."sorry but WHO THE FUCK CARES WHAT KIND OF BREXIT THE FUCKING TORY PARTY WANT WHO THE FUCK DO THEY THINK THEY ARE??  
Take a moment to read Noel Whelan: ‘Every pregnancy is different, the circumstances in which someone chooses to end one are always particular to them’.  Why I am voting Yes in the referendum 
Isareli snipers shooting innocent Palestinians, Saudis bombing innocent Yemenis. Common factor?UK made sniper rifles sold to Israel, UK made bombs sold to Saudi Arabia.Enabling more war crimes, is that our “bright” trading future after Brexit? 
Many people get quite angry about the continual calls for a 2nd Independence Referendum. They should be more sympathetic. It's quite understandable that people who voted Yes the last time, now realise their mistake and want a chance to put things right and vote No.  
And what does ‘vote against’ mean? Does it mean Remain, Kier? No. You told me personally that it means ‘send the government back to negotiate Brexit again.’ So this ‘Labour policy’ is worthless. The tests have long since been failed, but you still help the Tories.  
Peter Lilley used to be my MP, I wrote to him about my working in the renewable energy sector and my worries about Tory policy on fracking and it's anti-wind policies. He wrote back denying climate change existed. Of course he supports Brexit. Of course  
Delighted with debate at @selbylabour tonight. Two-thirds of the (small minority) of those who had voted for #Brexit in #referendum say they would now vote to #Remain 
Trouble is Keir a "longstanding" Labour policy on Brexit is one that lasts from breakfast all the way through to dinner time. You'll have changed again tomorrow #Brexit #Labour 
I'm really sorry, I'm sure he's a good guy & all but, I really really really wish Keir Starmer would fuck the fuck off with his six fucking tests. It only needs one: 'Is Brexit a good idea?' 'No. It's truly the most terrible idea we've ever fucking had.' 'Ok, sweet. Brexit over.' 
I’m one of the many #WomenAgainstBrexit because Brexit = state sanctioned discrimination, disproportionately affecting us EU27 women  #InLimboBrexit #BrexitIsPersonal #FBPE @cliodiaspora 
You're a bright guy @andrew_lilico, so what puzzles me is why it took you so long to realise that #Brexit was going to end up as a stupid mess. The early outbreak of cakeism should have been warning enough. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Don't like losing votes @theresa_may? Is that why you are creating more #Brexit supporting peers...atleast have the decency to admit it. #TheresaMay #ToryShambles 
May and her right wing Tory Brexit mafia trying to smear Bercow. He might not be perfect, but I think he should commended for his restraint. I wouldn’t have lasted five minutes faced with Mogg, Leadsom et al!   
."Because let me be clear: there is NOTHING socialist about Brexit. The Labour party – my Labour party – shouldn’t be championing a right-wing Tory Brexit.What is left wing about putting up borders? What is progressive about making the UK smaller & more insular?". 
."Young people like me have NEVER been more disappointed in, and let down by the Labour party than we have post-Brexit. My generation voted overwhelmingly & enthusiastically to Remain – by margins of four to one.". 
So on #BBCQT yesterday a "lady" was allowed into the audience wearing a t-shirt depicting #Conservatives as "rats" and on #BBCAQ today Leave voting Weston-Super-Mare audience whooped David Lammy's summarising of Brexit vote as being a "hard right, xenophobic and northern vote".  
Flicked on #hignfy for the first time in ages. Just a bunch of sanctimonious libtards, bashing Trump and Brexit in front of a canned laughter machine. Predictably BBC. 
I can't say this enough: it's a hell of a thing for a charity to decline publicity and lying low during this referendum has limited Down Syndrome Ireland's ability to do fundraising events. So please...  
#Labour MP David Lammy denouncing the Brexit vote as a "hard right, northern xenophobic vote".I'm absolutely staggered that not only are the media ignoring this disgusting pig-headed slur. But he got a rousing round of applause from a #BBCbias audience! #BBCAQ  
Here is Gary from Norfolk, he voted leave but in this excellent video (by @LLJourn) he explains his concerns for the future IF Brexit happens & that he wants a #peoplesvote.As he says at the start, you’re allowed to change your mind!Gary says he knows many other #remainernow  
‘The EU is undemocratic, we must leave!’ vs ‘Brexit is going kind of badly for us, let’s insert 10 unelected politicians into power so the will of the people can be upheld.’I mean really?  
“Trickiest bit of Brexit is resolved as a government expert demonstrates the quick and easy way for everyone to cross an invisible Irish border.”#hignfy 
I have never despised my Government nor my Opposition more than at this very moment. #Brexit is the most self-destructive thing our country could do. For crying out loud, give us a #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit/crocodile ....I’ve been uniquely reporting for over a year middle class nationalists are no longer masking their identity. Two words - ‘crocodile’ and ‘Brexit’ have brought about that seminal change. 
#bbcaq After about a decade of promoting the phoney, man-of-the-people, City trader Nigel Farage, the BBC is now resorting to giving maximum publicity to the posh, hard-right, Brexit turd Jacob Rees-Mogg. So much for impartiality.  
Fair point. If I ever seem like I'm being too hard on Centre-Right/Tory voters (as opposed to the politicians an policies) specifically in relation to Brexit, which I know I've been guilty of, feel free to keep me in line. Brexit is bigger than party politics.  
If the EU and the British establishment succeed in keeping the UK inside, joined to, or governed by this anti-free trade, outdated and undemocratic institution, they are even more arrogant and stupid than many of us already suppose:  #Brexit 
So May's cunning plan to prevent further #Brexit defeats by margins of over 50 votes in the Lords is to appoint 9 new peers, of whom at least 3 are Remainers.How long are Brexiteer Tory MPs going to put up with this disaster of a PM? 
British drivers will be able to carry on using existing insurance policies in the EU after Brexit  
Are you listening @Keir_Starmer Labour needs to stand up and not support a tory brexit for the few not the many  
People are losing jobs NOW and businesses are leaving the UK for the EU - time Labour started opposing and stop Brexit before it's to late. 
Pathetic that .@theresa_may should use the cover of the Royal Wedding to stuff the Lords with pro Brexit peers. She is shameless. 
Brexit in one. I just love that Britishness is not a nationalism. As long as they stay this deluded the British nationalists will force the break up their United Kingdom. Oh, the irony  
May names nine new Tory peers to bolster party after Brexit defeats  
Either the Conservatives negotiate Brexit on behalf of the whole country and listen to Labour or Labour vote against the final deal. Good.If the Conservatives negotiate a bad deal, it should be rejected, an election called and talks renegotiated. 
The arrogance of David Lammy saying the whole country lost with Brexit, blaming 'notherners' and ignoring the democratic vote. As always he thinks he is superior to anyone who disagrees with him including those 'up north'. Shameful. #bbcaq 
.@LilaGraceRose has an important message for Ireland ahead of its critical May 25th referendum on abortion. Watch and retweet! #savethe8th 
Should have thought about that before most of them voted for Brexit #brexit Brexit: Farm unions call for tariff free trade with EU - BBC News  
Your tests already fail.You are letting down:Labour membersLabour voters.The country.Failing to hold the government to account on #BrexitFailing to raise the illegal referendum.Lying about a Jobs first BrexitYou are the worse "opposition" in my lifetime.#PeoplesVote 
Millionaire actor and convicted sexual deviant Hugh Grant won't allow 17.4 million “dim and bigoted” Brexit voters to “fuck up” his country – because why should a prep school posh boy like him be mildly inconvenienced by the democratic decision of a load of ignorant plebs? pic.twitter.com/1xIeGbjEYb 
Hiding this devious act in the shadow of a Royal Wedding. All done to bolster her numbers in the Lords ‘cos they keep voting down all things #Brexit. #Underhand 
I think I just found the people who believed the Brexit bus.  
If Theresa May seriously thinks she has the consent of the people of Scotland for a Westminster power grab, then she should put the EU Withdrawal Bill in its current form to a referendum in Scotland. 
my dad is a taxi driver and i asked him if all of his passengers are talking about the referendum and he said that from his own little taxi poll the votes are about 60% yes and 40% no hahahaha his own little poll going 
We should be miles ahead of this hopeless and clueless Govt.A pro-European message would illuminate the shambles they lied to create. We'd galvanise the activists we have, those we have lost, a mass of new campaigners.This offering of a Tory-Lite Brexit has failed. Change it.  
This ‘taking back control’ is so obviously a right-wing Brexit coup. I feel embarrassed for those on the left who are still supporting it.  
Trump is completely confused about how drug pricing works, but nonetheless this looks very bad for Brexit Britain, on its own in a newly hostile world. Congratulations to the racists and sillybillies who voted for it.  
The rat deserting the sinking ship.Mandrake: David Cameron vanishes as Brexit turns nasty #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May has appointed 9 new obeying tory peers to help deliver the hard, disastrous, economy busting #Brexit she so desires, it's there now for all to see, it's in the interest of the @Conservatives not the country, this tory Brexit will wreck our nation for a generation. 
President Kenyatta opposes law changes. Kenyatta says there is no time for Referendum debatePresident asks referendum proponents to refocus on development #CitizenWeekend 
#stopbrexit2018 column of march on 23rd! It's got to be huge! Bring your work mates, bring your neighbours, bring your parents, kids, pets! Say it clear: we want no #HostileEnvironment, #Windrush OR #BREXIT here!  
In all seriousness this is one of the most misinformed & delusional articles I've ever read about Brexit.  I find it genuinely worrying that an MP of any party could possibly write this tripe given what we all know about Brexit.  
It's Friday! And Farmers Against Brexit are alive on Facebook!!  Help us celebrate, by retweeting to help #FindaFarmer who'll follow and support the campaign. 
Of all the ironies of #Brexit the greatest is that the Brexiters in Government have largely backed off Vote Leave cakesim....Only to have the Labour Leadership take on the mantleThey are channeling pre June 2016 Johnson & Gove  
Peter Lilley is among Theresa May's 9 new peers. So he wasn't lying when he 'boasted' he was in line for a peerage in the 'Chinese cash for Brexit sting'#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Shout out to the pharmacist in  a leading chemist shop who sold me some foundation and took off money because I was wearing a Yes badge #chemistsforChoice @Together4yes My goddess I will be flawless on referendum day  
Irreparable damage is already being done by this #BrexitShambles...you offer a no deal cliff edge or some form of Pay & Obey No Say #Brexit. Every verision will leave us Poorer, Weaker with Fewer Rights & less Control.The removal of Rights alone demands Ppl must have a #FinalSay 
Would anyone consider asking Gary Lineker1/ what day is it2/what month is it3/what year is it4/Advice on mortgage5/ Advice on your marriage6/Advice on a bank loan7/How to change a wheelSo why would the Media ask Gary Lineker about his views on Brexit.Me neither !!!! 
Tomorrow, from about 6.00 in the morning, I shall be in a civilised country that didn’t vote for Brexit.For a week! Expect pics.And Whisky.#HolidayAli. #StopBrexit 
Wilkie was an key driver behind the discriminatory, unconstitutional, and anti-military #TranBan. His nomination is a referendum on Trump’s bigotry towards Trans people. Every Senator must vote No. #VetsVsHate 
May names nine new Tory peers to boost party after Brexit defeats  
Corbyn would still like us to believe that everything the European Union has said about Brexit only applies to the Conservatives & Labour could somehow persuade the EU to give us everything he wants without any of the costs. Deluded or foolish?   
Probably won't get to ask a q at hustings, so here's mine for @JanetDaby @SakinaZS and @ClaudiaWebbe"Jeremy Corbyn voted with Theresa May, David Davis & Liam Fox to stop the Lisbon Treaty, against a labour whip. Would you be prepared to vote with Ken Clarke to stop hard Brexit? 
Does anyone remember John Humphrys' relentless pursuit of Blair and his government over the Iraq war on BBC Radio 4 Today? Compare that to his supine acceptance of the lies and chicanery of the Brexiters.@ThatTimWalker @Andrew_Adonis @campbellclaret#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Don’t forget all those voting Yes in the referendum cast their votes next Friday 25th May, all No voters Saturday 26th May . 
May names nine new Tory peers to boost party after Brexit defeats  (and shows that government is not corrupt. Snigger. William McRea???!!!! Really???!!!)  
Watch out for claims that Scotland can't be independent because we are out of the EU and we need the UK to negotiate trade deals on our behalf.Mark me. That's what they'll start saying as Brexit finalises. 
The Brexiters have condescendingly portrayed Eastern Europeans as a kind of unwashed rabble flooding into wonderful Britain. But if #Brexit happens their passports will give them the right to live work & study across 31 countries, unlike our 2nd class blue passports.#StopBrexit 
The biggest problem we have had in the last seventy years is #Brexit.It is the stupidest thing we could possibly do.We have to #StopBrexit. We want to #RemainInTheEU. 
Caroline Lucas - I supported amendments in Westminster to try and get #VotesAt16 before the referendum.. the irony being if David Cameron had accepted that at the time.. brexit wouldn't have happened.. David Cameron would still be PM & history would be very different. #FBPE 
The House of Lords is trying to stop Brexit. Today Theresa May gave  peerages to six former Tory MPs - five of them were Remainers. Yet more  proof that May has absolutely no interest in delivering what 17.4m  people voted for! Support us at  
I have given up on @bbcr4today mainly due to @JohnHumphrysr4 complete and utter ineptitude when he interviews brexiteer politicians in failing to challenge the utter #%*^ they often speak & his ridiculous attitude to people who fairly criticise Brexit. If he goes I may rethink!  
The unforgivable failure was the decision to hold a referendum without  a full risk assessment as to what leaving the EU would entail & its consequences. Had that been done, no referendum would ever have been held & the EU would remain at the bottom of people's list of concerns 
Could someone ask the No campaign at what point and why did they change their mind on the PLDP Act? They were looking for a third referendum on it not so long ago. 
“Glad to support @cliodiaspora today. Brexit must be stopped!” Says Anja, one of the fabulous fellow #WomenAgainstBrexit who came to meet at Parliament Sq today. 
Dread to think what Brexit news will be slipped out as #HarryandMeghan actually go up the aisle 
EU Slaves or EU Servitude!David Jones:EU unlikely to agree ANY of our proposals.They want us to Remain in both customs & single market.That would be servitude & even worse than remaining in #EUWhy not save £40 BILLION & trade globally?#Brexit #WTO 
These @TheNewEuropean Brexit royal wedding mugs are rather splendid - buy one here  
The midterms are not only a referendum on Trump, they are also a referendum on any politician not supporting common sense gun legislation. Tell me this is not the right time to talk politics if you want. I don’t care. These shootings happen so often that there is no down period. 
How is Brexit going allow top Observer political editor @tobyhelmto explain: "We will end up in everything that matters in the EU but without a say in how it's run, but we will have complete control over everything that doesn't matter." 
British government cannot be trusted on Brexit - @GerryAdamsSF  
Brexit has made Britain an international joke.Have we ever looked so weak, so daft, such an irrelevant, if amusing, sideshow on the fringes of the international stage?  Restore pride #StopBrexit!#Brexit #FBPE 
Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit  and Michel Barnier ought to be careful. My @telegraph column:   
Of the 6 ex-Tory MPs just handed peerages, only one, Peter Lilley, backed Leave at the referendum. Edward Garnier, Alan Haselhurst, Eric Pickles, John Randall and Andrew Tyrie all backed Remain. Hardly stacking the Lords with enthusiastic Brexiteers as some would have us believe. 
Mrs May has just appointed 14 new Peers, who won’t make any difference to anything. She could have appointed 150 solid Brexiteers, and told the Lords ‘stop standing in the way of Brexit or you will be abolished’. But yet again she has shown she is useless. 
If the PM was really serious about Brexit defeats she would announce more than just a few Leave-supporting peers. Yet more Remainers bring discredit to the Upper House.  
22. Brexit has dragged a lot of things out into the light of day and sunlight is most certainly the best disinfectant. It has utterly trashed the old order and exposed the divisions we were in denial about. That is far healthier than pretending we are a post-prejudice society. 
19. Brexit has now morphed into a culture war - where we see the "centrists" of the previous regime seeking to ensure their intellectual orthodoxy wins out. They prefer facadism and self-deception to open and robust debate. 
6. So when you ask "what happened to my country?" the simple answer is "not much". It's just the the outer facade could not withstand the weight of its own hypocrisy.  There were cracks in the dam and Brexit was a full breach. 
So the Brexiters can't deliver Brexit.Who knew?#FBPE 
Lords EU Committee writes to Government for clarification about post Brexit, post Euratom nuclear safeguards readiness following this week’s leak to Sky News of red Risk Register:  
Another insightful post by @chrisgreybrexit: The entire approach appears to be based on getting through, day to day and week to week, without the government falling apart. There is no strategy, just a series of tactics. #Brexit #FBPE #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The wonderful @nytimes social team "momentified" (?) my tweets on the Burundi referendum yesterday, and I'm so grateful. I only wish I had more time IRL to have shared even more of what folks, with a range of views and a ton of generosity, said.  
The official position of Jubilee party on referendum as we have been saying all along as been communicated officially by President Kenyatta who is our Party Leader.  
@CarTrawler is supporting the upcoming referendum on the #EighthAmendment by giving our nearly 600 employees time off to go and exercise their voice.We are a young team of which 53% of are female.Please RT and help encourage other employers to follow our lead. 
New peers created...9 Tories3 Labour1 DUPWouldn’t have altered any of the 15 Brexit defeats but does obviously increase rather than shrink size of Lords “addressing issues such as its size” was in 2017 manifesto  
The 15th serous defeat for HMG in the Lords and even the Labour leadership are wondering if they backed the wrong horse supporting #Brexit. Many Labour election targets increasingly remain #FBPE 
Some EU achievements such as the customs union are in the spotlight w/ #Brexit. Good explainer here on what customs people (and dogs!) do and why.   
If the present #UK minority Government oust the present HoC Speaker, pack the House of Lords with stooges, ride roughshod over #Scotland and the Good Friday Agreement, then push through a "No Deal" #Brexit, they need to be REMOVED,  if the Queen doesn't do it, then others MUST 
.@LiamFox is right. It is in Ireland's interest "more than most" to get a good trade deal with the UK after Brexit  
We are ready to vote in a referendum to leave NigeriaRecognize Biafra as a sovereign state!~BiafransTBRV | Biafra  
When you have to be at a Stop Brexit protest at 5pm and then be at Comic Con at 6pm.  
Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit, and Michel Barnier ought to be careful, says @FraserNelson 
Unbelievable that both Leave and BeLeave campaign groups used identical datasets to manipulate the #Brexit Referendum. When will the madness stop? 
Janet is dedicated to her community and will stand up for the interests of everyone in Lewisham East - from fighting against a hard Brexit to fighting against Tory cuts. She has my full support - good luck tomorrow @JanetDaby! #JanetDaby4MP 
Thank you to @LowTaxChloe for an amazing interview! Brexit optimism put a smile on my face.  
One, day, in the not too distant future, there will be only a very few who will admit to voting for Brexit. #EndangeredSpeciesDay 
At @Remain_Labour, we're clear that  we want @UKLabour to stand against #Brexit and support a #PeoplesVote. We believe @JanetDaby is the #LewishamEast candidate with the strongest Pro-EU  credentials and if we had a vote tomorrow, it would be for her. Good luck Janet! 
"The first ten million years of Brexit were the worst, and the second ten million years, they were the worst too. The third ten million I didn't enjoy at all. After that I went into a bit of a decline." 
Earlier today we tweeted about the risk Brexit poses to the tech industry, now it emerges that it puts our pharmaceutical industry in danger too - this would not just harm jobs but patient outcomes too. Concerned? Please retweet 
Do you think the BBC failed to cover 2014's referendum fairly? 
.@Anna_SoubryBrexit is a disaster. It is 100% a Tory disaster.Cameron called the referendum without proper thought.Johnson, Gove etc lied & lied.May is weak and incompetent.The whole debacle is driven by internal Tory politics - driving the country over the cliffTory Tory  
What is with conservative/ religious Ireland’s OBSESSION with people’s personal decisions? A reminder that EVERY vote counts. “The Divorce Referendum in Ireland was held on the 24 November 1995 and was passed by a small margin of 50.28% to 49.72%.”  
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has warned it would only be a matter of time before a woman bleeds to death if the referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment is defeated. #together4yes 
Never forget. This man asked people to vote on #Brexit. Without defining what Brexit meant. Without carrying out any projections of consequences. All in an (unsuccessful) attempt to settle an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all his mates and f***ed off into the sunset.  
If you can't think of a single real reason how Brexit is going to benefit you , your community or your country then it's high time to admit you were wrong about voting for it, so make your voice heard. We still have time to reverse this disastrous decision. 
 Bonus @dontstoprepeal episode with AN TAOISEACH. That's right, we sat down with Leo Varadkar for THE CHATS about how he came to be pro-choice, and where he thinks the referendum is at with a week to go.   
Quite right Bev. Cameron called referendum instead of standing up to Farage just to preserve tory party unity. Referendum was entirely unnecessary. No groundswell for it until politically provoked by ukip and right wing euro sceptics. 200 % torys' fault, UK is now basket case.  
Great to spend time with @senatornoone @Network_Ireland #Mayo to discuss upcoming Referendum. I’ll be home to vote YES on 25th May so Irish women have choice in crisis. #Repeal8th #TogetherForYes 
Fake News: Left-Wing Press Accusations Against Brexit Campaigners Retracted Over and Over   
“[T]o whatever extent Haspel’s confirmation process could have been a referendum on past misdeeds, it instead came off to a significant degree as a whitewashing of them.”—@steve_vladeck: 
How NOT to give the establishment a kicking:Vote for Brexit. Send both major parties into chaos for 4 years. Stay silent while the establishment government takes advantage of a national crisis to give itself more power over parliament and squeeze public services.  
She thinks Brexit will be bad for her voters, she wants parliament to vote down a bad deal but she doesn’t back a “People’s vote”. Latest Political Thinking podcast with @AngelaRayner Subscribe on iTunes:  /  Download here...  
Brexit is bad because a convenient German has told an anti-Brexit campaigner what she wants to hear so she can write it up in a pro-Remain magazine  
How to give the establishment a kicking:Vote for Brexit. Send both major parties into chaos for 4 years. Embarrass politicians on the international stage so much they'll probably get the axe after. Then vote to stop Brexit before the impact on normal people becomes irreversible. 
Let's give June 23 the name 'Traitors  Day', when a ruthless transatlantic elite succeeded in duping just over half of a rigged electorate into unwittingly voting for a #BrexitTaxHaven & helping Trump & Putin's war on democracy. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Who cares what someone mutters under their breath? My sense is the gov’t is desperate to replace an independent rebellious Speaker, with a compliant Brexit-friendly one, who will ignore backbenchers and not grant emergency debates. The whole Bercow thing is to do with #Brexit. 
When #Brexit finally collapses into a heap of rubble under the weight of its own false promises, we need to look seriously at constitutional reform, in particular:- A fair voting system- A 2nd chamber that can't be gerrymanderedPerhaps we can salvage some good from this mess. 
That’s a shame.  I was expecting you to blow us away with intelligent, logical, reasons of how Brexit was going to improve all our lives.I thought it would be easy for a Brexiter to do? It’s just not though - is it.#StopBrexit 
Never forget 100% of your Support for Republic of Biafra Referendum goes a long way to help free Biafran people from terror attacks and unfair persecution we face on daily basis in Nigeria #StopBiafraKilling #SupportBiafraReferendum 
If Brexiters put as much effort into making Brexit a success as they did throwing in the towel every time they were publicly mocked for getting things catastrophically wrong, Brexit would be going much better...  
WATCH | "We're not going to get to see the benefits of Brexit for years and years and years if we go down this line!" @KateAndrs explains why the government's attempts to delay Brexit are so foolish. Support us at  
The world will be a little colder now. This brilliant flame extinguished. This beacon of whataboutery, misinterpretation and vapid argument masquerading as intellectual engagement this canary for the rest of us. It ceases to tweet, Brexit lays dying. Boo hoo, poor chap, boo hoo. 
Neil Coyle Labour MP: Labour must change its destructive #Brexit policyIn my view, as a minimum, that means voting to back European Economic Area membership, which would allow us to trade freely with the rest of the EU.#STOPBREXIT #FBPE 
Yesterday I wrote an article on the British's attitude towards Zimbabwe. The Economist is seeing a dangerous desperation from the Brits, following Brexit and they are willing to get into bed with just about anyone  
DANGER: Migrants can illegally buy EU passports 'within hours' in Turkey. The European Union’s open borders are dangerously weak. Brexit is a huge opportunity to strengthen the UK’s national security.  
The replies to this pro-leave economist are almost worth the price of Brexit  
I’ve written for @TheNewEuropean on the importance of Labour members taking the lead on Brexit. Time is running out!   
"You're so famous here... you were the man responsible for Brexit so they love you."  
.@Anna_Soubry thinks she’s going to blame #Brexit mess on @JeremyCorbyn. I don’t think so, Anna.@CONservatives called the referendum. Tories had a majority when triggering Article 50. Tories, with DUP, have a majority now when “negotiating” Brexit. Brexit is ALL YOURS!  
Since it appears we're no longer leaving the EU for 10yrs or more I'm ceasing all discussion of Brexit on twitter unless & until we go back to leaving (who knows - we might, any time), or until we come to Brexit2 discussions in a few years' time. Bye bye FBPE-ers. It was a blast. 
People on here moaning about a slow Conservative brexit need to get real. They simply don’t have a majority given 12 rebels. If you wanted Brexit and voted Labour or UKIP at the last election YOU are the problem, for wasting your vote. 
Politicians need to let our Leave vote stand & stop moving the goalposts, they have our mandate yet dither & allow dissenters to weaken the Brexit decision of 2016, patience is running out & if PM can’t make a stand she should pass the baton to IDS or JRM. 
"Beating old women, during #Catalonia's independence referendum, is legitimate violence".Arcadi Espada, founder of @CiudadanosCs Spanish nationalist party.Europe, open your eyes. #RogueSpain 
Honestly, out of context “Fuck off and talk to Una Mullally” is the quote of the referendum for me.  
I was LIVE on @AlJazeera to refute @hrw's false allegations on #Burundi. I said that some NGOs are rather embarked in a campaign of lies. Al Jazeera journalists on the ground witness the peace that prevails in the country during the Referendum period.#VoxPopuliVoxDei 
GCN’s Repeal Special Issue out now! Feat. photo taken the day the @MaserArt ’s mural at @projectarts  was painted over. How the LGBT+ community will vote on the referendum to #repealthe8th, @AnaCosgrave from @repealproject , @RadQueersResist  + more. Read:  
The House of Lords isn't fit for purpose in a 21st century democracy when a PM can change its balance of power by inviting more political lackeys to feed at its trough.  #brexit 
Remember when a racist hedge fund billionaire and NLP expert (who owes the IRS billions) and his lunatic daughters financed a company operating off stolen personal data from 87+ million people to push Brexit, the campaigns of dozens of Republicans and ultimately Donald Trump?  
At a time when Labour is putting so much emphasis on becoming a movement-led party it is conspicuous that Brexit is left out, says @Jasmin_Beckett 
984 new EU laws have been introduced to the UK since the Brexit referendum. Without any parliamentary scrutiny of course. No peep from the Tory rebels about parliamentary sovereignty over them.  Nor from Gina Miller. Hypocrites! 
Sinn Féin team out in Dundalk today asking for a YES vote in the Repeal the 8th Referendum which will take place today week.  
Time is running out for tactical games. My take on this week's Brexit news in my latest blog post, just up:  
Brexit is quite simply bonkers. A good UK government would have put it to Parliament who would stop this in its tracks. Disaster Tories. Disaster UK future. #ToriesOut #StopBrexit  
I've added 3 more names to my Bad Boys of Brexit website: Raheem Kassam, former chief advisor to Nigel Farage, Lord Guthrie, former head of the British Army, and multimillionaire city asset manager, Jeremy Hosking.  #brexitbadboys 
Mrs May's Mansion House speech - Mar 18 'This (technology) is a fast evolving, innovative sector, in which the UK is a world leader. Now read what tech sector is saying in Govt's own report 'Brexit-related concerns remain key for UK tech''  via @techcrunch 
Several new Brit members at Amsterdam rugby club this year, all educated professional ppl coming to NL due to Brexit. Bright spot for us; some of them are excellent players 
Getting ready for tomorrow’s day of action against Brexit. Join us in Llandudno, North Wales, near Library 11am till 1.30.   Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
In the event of a hard #Brexit with no deal on the border, the Good Friday agreement or citizens’ rights - support for remaining in the EU through reunification with the Republic was marginally greater (48%) than support for staying in the UK (45%): 
 The agenda for next week’s round of #Brexit negotiations @EU_Commission is now available on our site: 1) Withdrawal Agreement, 2) Ireland/Northern Ireland, 3) framework for future relationship   
Brilliant article by @mk1969 This is so much worse than Suez but on Brexit goes, trashing our national credibility with its confusion, incompetence and bad faith...  
Ministers agree Britain COULD stay in EU customs union after 2020If we stay in the Customs Union we stay under EU control. Complete betrayal of the Referendum result.. But the voters say Hard Brexit. Who opinion should be the one? 
First buying votes from the DUP, now packing the Lords with sycophantic peers, is there anything this government won't do to force through its traincrash Brexit policy (which the public rejected last June)?  
Referendum violence in Burundi - This story and more in today's Daily Brief  
I wish all those with experience of crossing Swiss-EU borders as well as tweeting would write polite letters to editors of @BBCr4today @BBCNewsnight to explain that despite Tory Brexit fabulators there is a bard border between Switzerland and EU  
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then Theresa May will say it's a giraffe - it's the same over Brexit - the obvious is staring any sensible person in the face. 
All politicians are delusional to some extent in the cause of self preservation - but that there are still apparently sane bods thinking Brexit is a magic path to anything but national penury and diminished status is truly astonishing.  
OH: what’s the difference between Theresa May’s version of Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn’s?A Beard. 
It's the end of another #Brexit week. Students & Nurses came out in favour of a #PeoplesVote but were quickly silenced by the right wing press & politicians citing #WillOfthePeople. The irony-a people's Vote would be just that. Stay strong - we're winning! #FridayWisdom #FBPE 
Fake News: Left-Wing Press Accusations Against Brexit Campaigners Retracted Over and Over   
Comprehensive, detailed plans confirming viability of #Brexit should have been made BEFORE holding a referendum.Then the plans should have been revisited and thoroughly assessed BEFORE triggering Article 50.The govt is guilty of negligence, mismanagement & is incompetent. 
.@maryloumcdonald @sinnfeinireland tells @BBCTalkback if next week's referendum leads to a repeal of the Republic's constitutional ban on abortion, that the Irish government should "fully-fund" access to such services for women from Northern Ireland.  
I have tweeted why I voted for Brexit. I support a Brexit candidate who shares my Brexit views, on the centre right, with libertarian values. Brexiteers need to unite. The vote will be split with 3 or more Brexit candidates in Lewisham. Not good. We need a Brexit alliance now. 
Former riot cop reveals after 25 years that the command to pull their guns, later firing 113 live ammo shots at demonstrators hitting 11 night May 18/19 at Nørrebro, Copenhagen came from the commander.The demo was in response to the repeat referendum again posing the [1/5]→  
Labour MPs in the North East and on Merseyside speak out for a referendum with the option to Remain. Time for other Labour MPs to join them. @Labour4EU @Remain_Labour 
READ | Brexit hero @Nigel_Farage takes aim at the biased BBC for their latest mass immigration propaganda - this time aimed at schoolchildren. "This is subjective claptrap and there is nothing educational about it."Support us at  
Embarrassing! Ben Bulben Didn't Register To Vote In Time For Referendum  
Friend who runs an outdoor sport and recreation business in Fermanagh tells me that Brexit has effectively stopped recruitment in local businesses, shelving of plans for new services and end of contracts.  BREXIT IS DESTROYING THE BORDER ECONOMY. 
Brexit risks starving our NHS of doctors and nurses. But there's still time to make your voice heard. The Lib Dems are fighting to give YOU the final say on the deal. Join our campaign today: #MentalHealthAwarenessWeek 
Just had a BRILLIANT time taking part in the @Together4yes group photo in Smithfield. We were standing around chatting, and it struck me how many of us cut our teeth in the marriage equality referendum. 
Is that really true, though? The way I remember it is that until about 2015, nobody really liked the EU, but hardly anyone really cared about it one way or another.I bet you that 99.9987% of #FBPE people never had the slightest interest in the EU before the Referendum.  
Theresa May is considering packing the Lords with new Tory (and DUP!) unelected Peers, after a string of #Brexit defeats over customs union membership, the Irish border, environmental protections and removing the precise 29th March 2019 date of Brexit... 
With all the clamour over The Royal Wedding, Laurel/Yanny & Brexit and pretty big story is getting buried. 
Better for May to walk away with no deal than show weakness on Brexit, says DUP   
C4 News say Unionists are ready to talk with Dublin about Irish unityIf Brexit happens Scotland & Ireland will go, be part of the EU, leaving an isolated, irreverent ‘united’ England and Wales People’s Vote to cancel Brexit, because MPs are scared to  
English Leave voter determined to have the full English Brexit? Make it easier by dumping Scotland and NI. Ask your MP to tell May that “Now IS the time.”  
OBrien on LBC astonished by Wings article on the English poll that indicated they’d be happy to lose Scotland for Brexit. @mrjamesob I’m astonished by your astonishment big guy. 
Theresa May reportedly tells Jacob Rees-Mogg that she won't hold a referendum in Northern Ireland on Irish unity because she's not sure she would win it."I would not be as confident as you – that's not a risk I'm prepared to take." (Theresa May) 
Under the cover of a royal wedding, Theresa May is set to nominate 10 Tory peers in an atempt to avert further defeats on Brexit motions. Sound a bit like vote rigging? That's because it is exactly that. It goes against all political conventions... #VoteRigging #Jerrymandering 
We have incredible chance to avoid a hard #Brexit by coming together across the parties and supporting the Lords EEA Single Market amendment to #EUWithdrawalBill . But it can only succeed if @Keir_Starmer & @jeremycorbyn seize this chance too. Please let all MPs know your view! 
Theresa May is pulling off the biggest scam in UK history. Brexit is peddled as a democratic decision by the people. But it'sNot democraticNor a decisionNor by the people.Let's help #A50Challenge take this to court. Please donate. It is up to us. We are the Opposition Now. 
BREXIT: Hi, Ireland? How are you? Good to see you. Listen, Mail readers have a few things to say about your “small country that can’t survive without the UK and your Indian, EU puppet PM...”  
Locking Britain into some customs pact is NOT Brexit — it's the road to ruin.With the Cabinet running scared of Brussels & Remainers, we need to leave with no deal, not a 'perpetual purgatory' of a half-Brexit.  
Thank goodness there's only a week left till the referendum. I've been meaning to write this post for ages. I'm feeling very scared the NO campaigners will win. Here are 16 reasons why I as a ##FarmersforYes want to #Repealthe8th 
Spot on. British business and people throughout the UK  would be delighted that #peaceandprosperity were finally winning the arguments that further the divides of #Brexit. Let’s unite behind #EFTA #EEA #CustomsArrangement 
I'm too effeminate for butch @PeteNorth303 and some of his best friends are immigrants. Classic Alf Garnett-ism from the Brexit brigade.  
Did you catch this week’s Guardian #Brexit briefing? The top story; ‘Brexit is still a steaming mess going nowhere fast.’ #ExitfromBrexit 
Whenever you pick up a Brexit rock, no matter how tiny and innocuous, horrible things start to emerge  
The #GlobalIrish diaspora are heavily invested in the upcoming referendum. A YES vote means our friends and family will get the same right to healthcare in Ireland as we currently have abroad, and that we will be prioritised in emergency situations when we come home #Together4yes 
Locking Britain for years into some customs pact with the EU is not Brexit. It is a road to ruin:  
Your annual reminder that Captain Britain is anti-Brexit 
The devil is working hard but the Catholic Church is working harder. Literally HUNDREDS of crosses along the side of the road all the way from derry to letterkenny this morning, the tactics by the No side are getting worse as the referendum nears.  #Together4YES 
Let's make it perfectly clear. I voted BrexitTo be out of the EU.That includes out of a,Customs Union.Single Market.Common Market.Customs alignment.Trade area.Parallel alignment.UK should negotiate bilateral trade agreements around the World as othermajor Nations do. 
Fake News: Left-Wing Press Accusations Against Brexit Campaigners Retracted Over and Over  
The BBC is now so obscene its virtually reached the state of supporting terrorism. Government could easily stop this but chooses not to do so. . . .and you think we are going to get a good brexit deal from these people. 
BREAKING NEWS: LOGAN GRILLS GIBBES OVER LA ROCHELLE TRIP “what were you doing in La Rochellle?”... “Erm fishing”.... “but you had a meeting at the club?” “Oh yeah that, it was just a courtesy...they wanted to know about Brexit and the border”.....”oh that’s alright then” #SUFTUM 
Language of #Brexit has been changing, subtly but inexorably, from great optimistic possibilities of sunlit uplands to damage limitation. Never forward, upwards & onward any more. Now all about managing expectations, climb downs, retreats & compromises. Why bother? #StopBrexit 
Your vote will not be invalid. You will probably be asked to take off the Yes merch.Don't take selfies inside the polling station. Absolutely don't take photos of your ballot. The Referendum Commissioner last time was unequivocal on that.  
The amount of money the last Royal Wedding made from tourism was 5 TIMES MORE than the wedding cost. We need this, we need a happy occasion, a celebration, since next year we’re all going to be living in mud huts after Brexit.  
It’s Friday.And on a flying jolly to Berlin David Davis is adamant that there will be no second referendum, claiming “people now just want us to get on with it”.No, Sir, most of us want you and the whole incompetent #Brexit crew to get lost.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Look, I love my Batman shit pretty hard, but the idea of a ten-part Alfred prequel is the most deranged idea I've heard all week, and I've been covering Brexit  
The EU tells Theresa May her Brexit border plan isn't good enough to secure a deal - That must have been obvious to everyone!  
So first Mogg & Boris lamented the Lords for being undemocratic, now they want to fill it with Brexit supporting Tories. Can we just accept that anything the Torys say is pointless and will be ironic in 2 to 3 weeks? #Irony #CouldntWriteThis 
Those who are most opposed to this referendum are those who opposed sex education, contraception and the morning after pill. They were wrong about those and they are wrong about this too @campaignforleo #Todaysor 
I didn't think it possible that I could dislike @theresa_may any more than I do already because of her wholesale adoption of UKIP's Brexit, but her plan to stuff the House of Lords with compliant Tories is beyond contempt.  
SO!It seems Theresa May is to pack the Lords with Peers - to get her#Brexit legislation through !*tut tut - those pesky Peers and their sensible amendments - Jakey is soo not happy* 
We're going to be hiring staff jointly with @euromove to mobilise followers ensure we get a #PeoplesVote on any Brexit deal! So please, please chip into our crowdfunder to build that kitty for hiring!  
As the daughter, granddaughter, and niece of retired fire fighters, I am sickened by this misogynistic, disgusting use of my family members' profession to promote a No vote in the upcoming referendum. #Together4Yes #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/jMPbMqqBq1 
@mrjamesob a far more interesting topic than the wedding in Windsor is the Panelbase poll yesterday that shows voters in England would be happy to see Scotland and N Ireland leave the UK as a price for #Brexit  
Today marks one week until the #RepealThe8th referendum. We're sending love and solidarity to @freesafelegal @Together4yes and all those campaigning for women's reproductive rights in Ireland #Together4Yes #OurBodiesOurChoice #Scots4Choice 
So, it appears the EU Referendum result has been almost totally rejected by the system and we're going to have to fight this whole Brexit thing again, virtually from scratch, via some other route. So be it. 
Labour wants a medium-hard #Brexit which would have an impact similar to an average recession, though spread over more years. That means pointless and entirely avoidable Labour austerity piled on top of Tory austerity. Labour Remainers, please pile the pressure on. #StopBrexit 
To promote voter turnout at this crucial referendum on May 25th, we are offering free local taxis to the value of €10. Full information on how to avail here - #LynkToVote #Referendum2018 
Theresa May wants to nominate 10 Tory peers in an attempt to overcome recent House of Lords Brexit defeats.Yet again, she displays a complete lack of integrity and contempt for democracy. She is gerrymandering parliamentary sovereignty to get her own way. 
5 Star, a clown party, and Lega, a bunch of fascist thugs, are about to create Europe's first populist anti-EU government. And even they are not calling for a referendum on exiting the EU. 
Savita Halappanavar’s father happy for her image to be used and urges Yes vote in abortion referendum  
Where's the police investigation got to?Brexit is a crime  
Update:The unelected Lords vote against Brexit and Remoaners cheer the wonderful institution...The government might nominate MORE unelected peers to turn the lords vote and are booed by the Remoaners...My position remains the same Lords are "unelected" and shouldn't be there. 
I’m told serious concerns raised about bona fides of DUP nominations to the Lords as part of Mrs May’s Brexit-packing plan, & this has held up her list 
Theresa May is going to pack the House of Lords next week with more tory and DUP lackeys in a bid to force through her disastrous version of #Brexit, remember this the next time this odious, wretched woman preaches democracy, she's a dangerous far right zealot #ToriesOut 
It's an utter disgrace that Theresa May is going to use the Royal Wedding to slip another 10 Tories into the House of Lords to help her with Brexit. That will make 790 sitting members when the numbers in the Upper House desperately need to be cut. 
Woke up convinced I’ve got the solution to the whole Brexit disaster. All it takes is two things:1. The ability to think rationally.2. A time machine. 
The Referendum was held to save the Tory Party, not the country. My interview with Laura Perrins of 'Conservative Woman':  
Better for May to walk away with no deal than show weakness on Brexit, says DUP   
Its about time the unions rose up against brexit otherwise who is representing the workforce because it has not been the labour party @jeremycorbyn 
In full support of anti-Brexit campaigners, especially all the brave women who continue to speak out despite the horrific verbal abuse they receive on this platform! #WomenAgainstBrexit 
Of all Fleet Street's myriad Brexit cheerleaders, the Telegraph seems closest to admitting their mistake. 
#Brexit may not happen for another 65 YEARS as Britain ‘won’t be able to wrench itself free from Customs Union’  
When all four major farming unions agree, we should listen. #Brexit is going to hurt our farmers and cripple small farming communities here in Wales. We need to #ExitFromBrexit and stop all this madness and protect peoples livelihoods. 
DUP says better for May to walk away with no deal than show weakness on Brexit | May denies customs union climbdown | Varadkar demands UK stays aligned with EU after Brexit | UK tech sector investment doubles despite Brexit  
One of the most striking, repeated, statements from the recent Equality referendum was that citizens were literally walking from door to door asking strangers if they’d let them get married please.How exhausting that personal exposure and vulnerability was. 
23/ Imagine holding a referendum with no plan and no end goal and then starting a ticking clock to speed it all up. “Take back control”, my arse 
Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit, and Michel Barnier ought to be careful  via @Telegraph 
Illustrates the  irony - and hypocrisy - of #Brexiteers calling the EU undemocratic.....PM set to nominate 10 Tory peers in attempt to overcome Brexit defeats | Politics | The Guardian  
The threat to rig parliament by appointing stooge Lords: it is pitiful the mess we're in because no written constitution. Strong argument for putting Brexit on ice until we settle HOW we decide before WHAT we decide 
Eurosceptics have had 40 years to work out how to achieve Brexit. 40 sodding years and no plan to speak of. And they now have the audacity to complain that it’s taking too long and that Remainers (who don’t want it anyway) are somehow to blame for not doing enough. Shameless. 
1) no honour amongst Brexiters?Last night's "This Week" on BBC had an exchange between Neil & Portillo where the latter said (essentially) "My analysis 12 months ago was the EU would have issues with Italy, the Baltic states & elsewhere, which would lead them to fold on #Brexit" 
Locking Britain into some customs pact is NOT Brexit — it’s the road to ruin  
We need a deal to avoid a massively damaging NoDeal. If the PM & Cabinet can’t get a bespoke deal it’s surely time to start looking at taking a deal off-the-shelf:  like EEA or EFTA.   The public voted 52:48 for Brexit - not for chaos & ideological economic self-harm. 
#NoDeal would be a disaster for the North West and the major industries we have here. I agree that many of my constituents who are writing to support #EEA would say no Brexit better than #nodeal 
(Insert #Brexit joke here)  
Theresa May is to approve the creation of 10 Tory peers and hand at least a few to the DUP in an attempt to improve her weak position in the House of Lords, which has already voted 15 times against her government over Brexit.#CORRUPTUK#YouYesYet? 
"Taking back control". Good to see what Brexit really meant for parliamentary sovereignty as May seeks to pack the Lords.  
Henry VIII powersRefusal to allow parliamentary scrutiny of Brexit plansPlots to get rid of the pesky SpeakerPlans to stuff the Lords to stop them interferingTransition to dictatorship happens not overnight but through a series of small stepsOur democracy is under threat 
Let’s be clear.  NoDeal would be a disaster.  The people who led us into Brexit now have to make it work. If “NoDeal is better than a BadDeal” I suspect many people will start to think “NoBrexit is better than a BadBrexit”.  @BBCr4today @JPonpolitics 
This is pathetic. The Lords do their democratic duty to scrutinise & check an unfit Bill that seeks to dramatically change our constitutional framework by handing power to govt.Govt responds by handing more power to itself. In the name of Brexit.   
“Burundi’s international partners, particularly African states, should let the government know that enough is enough. The abuses need to stop, and the abusers held accountable.” See new @hrw report on abuses ahead of yesterday’s constitutional referendum -  
What’s amazing is that Munch painted this over 100 years ago and yet he was completely able to capture anyone’s reaction today listening to news of how Brexit negotiations are going  
Bread-makers, Brexit and the power of the least-bad option -  my latest in the @ft 
Alex Salmond WILL return to active politics - but not until Nicola Sturgeon calls the second independence referendum. 
5 months until a supposed Brexit deal and exactly where are we? Here's a quick guide  
To think if SF actually took up their seats not only could they impact meaningful #brexit votes but engage with the Secretary every day formally rather than as a stunt on the margins of an agricultural show  
‘Brexit will restore the sovereignty of the UK parliament.’ So let’s pack parliament with government appointees. Ain’t democracy grand?  
Tory leavers are dusting down plans for a no-deal Brexit. My @Telegraph column: 
Someone’s done a Brexit rewrite of Pulp’s Common People and it’s so good it’s almost worth the price of leaving the EU  
The Tory plan to pack the House of Lords next week with Brexit Tory & DUP nominees is outrageous. The Tories already have 57 more peers than Labour & the convention is of parity between the two major parties. This is basically unconstitutional 
Interesting intervention by @Keir_Starmer when visiting Wales yesterday. Clear that a ‘No Deal’ Brexit is a catastrophe and that Parliament would have to reject it - leading to a #PeoplesVote? 
I’ve joined @Alison_McGovern @meaglemp @LouiseEllman @mayor_anderson calling for a #PeoplesVote. Whatever you think of Brexit, there’s no denying it’s too big a deal for just 650 MPs to decide without people across Merseyside having their say as well.  
“Democracy.” Brexit Britain-style. PM set to nominate 10  Tory peers in attempt to overcome Brexit defeats  
PM set to nominate 10  Tory peers in attempt to overcome Brexit defeats Even for this Govt this is low...and shows how desperate they are. 
Update: Brexit 0 - 1 Irish Border(May [own goal])Half-time  
You’re asking SNPers to give up what is a deeply held principle there, Andrew. The route for us in Scotland to get out of brexit is through independence. 
With Smuggy McSmugface waiting in the wings, there is no way Sturgeon will be asking for a referendum now.   
I think you know fine well that the SNP have fought against Brexit since it’s conception, they will continue to do so without cladding people in ermine coats receiving £300 a day when people are starving and using Foodbanks. 
This kind of subtle bias is endemic in BBC news reporting on Brexit. Quite insidious. Journalists must have been instructed, by senior managers, not to encourage scepticism or doubt. 
Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit, and Michel Barnier ought to be careful 
Theresa May risks the wrath of Brexit backers with a plan to align with EU trade rules for longer  
Liam Fox sends BRUTAL warning to Irish PM who needs a deal 'more than most' after Brexit  
Shameful that the assessment & views #Brexit of people running vital British businesses like #pharma which employ thousands of workers are routinely ignored by media. These great firms will shift production (jobs) when we #Leave #EU unless we secure #CustomsUnion #SingleMarket 
Brexit in a nutshell ....  
The real problem: Today is a show run by people contemptuous of anyone who doesn’t agree with their line on Brexit.  
Sorry Andrew, we didn’t think you know it all fantasists needed help, with Brexit having no downside & being the easiest thing ever. We thought we’d spend the rest of our days living off cake we could eat & keep.PS Not really, we knew you were talking sh*te from the start.  
#BBC needs to sharpen up reporter on @BBCr4today says “the potential damage to the economy feared by opponents of Brexit” instead of reporting “the damage to the economy predicted by the pro Brexit Govt in its own impact assessments”.... 
If the SNP was seriously interested in stopping Brexit, they would nominate members to the Lords in this crisis. Dafydd Wigley has done brilliant job for Plaid in the Lords on the EU Withdrawal Bill  
I’m one of them, sadly. @BBCr4today was my drive to work staple listen, until their unbalanced #brexit pro-Tory coverage became obvious. John Humphris particularly is just impossible to endure.  
EU has a fund to "challenge Euroscepticism" and "combat the stigmatisation of migrants". You may not have heard BBC mention this propaganda fund, but at #Brexit Facts4EU we will. Read:  
Brexit 0 - 1 Irish Border  
The BBC is having a very bad Brexit. We’re sick to the back teeth of hearing govt ministers and Brexiters going unchallenged daily on the most basic knowledge of how the EU works. Win us back! #r4today 
Utterly shocking & disgusting. How is this legal? - #TheresaMay set to appoint new peers in bid to avoid further #Brexit defeats  
So, the loud protests- including those from Mt Kenya- against a referendum have gone quiet.Duale wants Miguna Miguna back in the country.Jubilee wants to eat Sonko for saying Mt Kenya is blocking Ruto from becoming president.Murkomen has been quiet. What are we MISSING?! 
The loss of industry in the UK after Brexit, is a no brainer. Why would you want to self injure in that way?Why follow a path of self destruction?#PeoplesVote 
Brexit: Patients' access to vital medicines at risk unless government secures pharmaceuticals deal, say MPs  
'The injunction obtained by The Fair Vote Project may finally prove once and for all that CA was intimately working on the Brexit referendum despite Cambridge Analytica’s obfuscation.' 
Reporting from Ngozi, Burundi, our East Africa bureau chief documented the day and the mood of those voting for and against a referendum to change the constitution  
Government to label cost of European Elections saved as early ‘Brexit dividend’Running democracy does cost money but history demonstrates that authoritarian systems are ultimately more costly 
The Guardian view on the cabinet and Brexit: beyond a joke - Good to see the @guardian raise the possibility of a #PeoplesVote 
Ministers agree Britain COULD stay in EU customs union after 2020If we stay in the Customs Union we stay under EU control. Complete betrayal of the Referendum result. 
PM set to nominate 10  Tory peers in attempt to overcome Brexit defeats If May can't win by fair means she seems to have no problem with foul ones. 
Labour's EU rebels not welcome at Durham Miners Gala.FIVE north-east of England Labour MPs will not be invited to the Durham Miners’ Gala after calling for a second #Brexit referendum  
I'm likely pissing people off talking like this. But as things stand I don't care.Brexit was never going to be stopped by hashtags & picnics. Remain wasted 2 years trying to make protest fun.Brexit is a crisis and deserves proportional response. It didn't get it.  
BFE: A true patriot cares about their country and its people above all else. If YOU care as much as @GaryLineker then JOIN US in demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal! March with us:  and join the campaign here:   
The Parliamentary committee has heard a great deal of evidence from various sources that unlawful activity has taken place yet we are not even pausing with this disastrous Brexit. Surely we need to establish if the vote was valid , not carry on only to find it was illegal  
Burundi: Killings, Abuse Ahead of Referendum  
Pennsylvania’s primaries were small, but the outcomes were to serve as a nationwide referendum on which direction the Democrats should go:  
No, expect civil war.The people will not accept anything less than a clean break brexit, NOW.no treacherous scams.We could have and should have WALKED AWAY two years.WALK AWAY TODAY  
.@HRC Global Innovator Mihnea Florea campaigns against his country’s referendum to change the Romanian Constitution in order to narrow the definition of family and ban gay marriage. HRC honors his work this #IDAHOTB.  #IDAHOT  
Turning impeachment into a referendum ahead of midterms is so not what most Dems want the message to be  
15 defeats in the Lords for May's gangrenous Brexit plans - how does she respond? - she's going to create a dozen more peers who'll toe the party line - at least one of them will be from the DUP.  I'm so proud to be British with our magnificent political democracy. 
The Guardian needs to stop insulting the working class#Brexit @chakrabortty 
Ireland abortion referendum: 'Unborn babies are human beings'  
And here’s another extensive plan written by me immediately after referendum (9/2016) that looks very much like govt policy (that they took ages to get to).Remainer experts have covered it all. Not our fault govt skewer themselves on CU, SM, FoM & ECJ. 
Incidentally, forging a creative post-Brexit plan was the first thing I did. Published in famous journal Science. See link. Were Brexiteers listening? Nope, it was all “invoke Article 50 naaahw!” and painting unworkable red lines on ECJ, etc.  
Brexit needs stopping not assisting. Sorry but remainers need to vote Libdem to stop brexit now. And you brought the subject up.... 
Obama’s slogan was ‘Yes, we can!’ That of our liberal elite since Brexit is ‘No, we can’t!’ They have become the defeatist, collaborating, fellow-traveling fifth column of Brussels. Pathetic. 
Here's a Scottish Conservatie MP deliberately misleading the public.All evidence show that even in the very best case scenario, additional trade from new non-EU trade agreements will only replace a t fraction of the trade lost to a hard, or really any form, of Brexit,  
And @jeremycorbyn is fine with this? He should have been fighting the existing imbalance at this time. It’s becoming more clear  just where he stands - not a last minute opposition to brexit when it’s tactically right. @UKLabour what are you doing? 
So bored of melts making stuff up about Labour's Brexit positionHere is that position, literally in the words of Keir Starmer. This is not a 'hard brexit' - just accept you were wrong about Corbyn all along and we can get on with winning   
Portillo effectively saying that Brexit is dead in the water because the Civil Service doesn’t want to leave the EU - we are living in a sham democracy  
BBCQT is just trolling the British population now.Inflicting 80% Remainer panels on a British population that’s now 70%+ for getting on with Brexit.  
If you ever feel down, or low. That the world is too much. That keeping the fight against Brexit is too hard. Take heart that this is, genuinely, the best argument for Brexit @OwenPaterson now has. 
Interesting that @TurnbullMalcolm said there is not enough time for a dual citizenship s44 referendum before the next election. Is he saying the election is imminent? #auspol 
It doesn't look good.Theresa May accused of 'magical thinking' over Brexit as Irish prime minister reveals a shocking truthBy @timothyjwoods7 #BrexitVia @TheCanaryGlobal #Ireland #NorthernIreland 
Very noticeable that the shrill voices that still demand Brexit (with contradictory expectations) are becoming even less rational and even more desperate. We have them on the run, Remainers. Let's keep pushing. 
The President's daughter is attempting to get Twitter to close down Referendum themed tweets. Time to get that septic family out of power.  
Pointless and unworkable. Ireland & EU26 know customs union must be permanent, not a fudge ‘until other solution can be found’ to appease Brexiteers. And once again, key component is single market, not customs union.Remainers, look up: we’re heading for soft Brexit or no Brexit  
Pick your recipe plays with our 2019 Big Game Recipe Playbook. It’s filled with taste touchdowns!  #Nabisco 
#Remainers though we're growing in no. by the day, there R accounts pretending to have been supporting #Remain but now stating #Brexit will happen & it's best to compromise on a softer #BrexitShambles.Check followers; don't fall for it.We're winning #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Great to see Liverpool’s brilliant Labour MPs standing up for the future of their city - and for all our futures - and demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.   
If all of the money that is being wasted on #Brexit was diverted into police and other public services this country would be a better place with fewer problems. #bbcqt 
As many as 5 million people went to the polls in Burundi to vote on a referendum to change the country’s constitution.@itsjina, NYT's East Africa bureau chief, was one of the few foreign reporters there to cover the scenes at the polls. 
Breaking News: Nicola Sturgeon has agreed to take a second independence referendum off the table and promised never to mention it again...   
Brexit is not inevitable. The majority in the UK now think it is the wrong choice and would vote to #Remain in the EU, polls show.Call a #PeoplesVote on Brexit and make sure it has an option to #Remain. #StopBrexit. 
FFS Andrew you have had 45 years to come up with a plan.  Either you are as thick a pig sh*t or there is no such thing as a good Brexit.  
The Guardian view on the cabinet and Brexit: beyond a joke | Editorial  
#bbcqt bingo.  Winner gets a nice pork-based meal. "Windrush people aren't really Brits""Hard Brexit NOW""We voted to leave the customs union""So what about the Good Friday agreement""Trump is welcome here"  
It's amazing that RTE's religious department has produced a fairer and more balanced referendum programme than their news & current affairs department. #WouldYouBelieve 
This is absolutely to be expected. Officials are making clear that UK must either pursue soft Brexit in single market and customs union or there’s a border in Irish Sea. Latest poll has indicated support for Irish unification. Question is, could Tories care less?  
Every single week #bbcqt has a majority Remain panel. Every. Single. Week. This is no accident, this is deliberate policy, part of 2 years heavy shelling of Brexit.An unacceptable abuse of the BBC's privileged position.Cancel your license fee 
BREAKING: Switzerland will be voting on a referendum to fully ban all synthetic pesticides. More than 100,000 Swiss signed the call for a ban that would apply to all farmers, industries and imported foods. If the vote is...  
In Jan. 2013 the Catalan Socialist Party, @socialistes_cat, offered its unequivocal support for a referendum or consultation through which #Catalonia could exercise its right to decide its collective future."@PSOE now wants to adapt definition of rebellion to 21st Century... 
So, let me get this clear: (a) the Remainers said Brexit would be a disaster and no way can it work (b) Brexit is a disaster (c) Remainers should find a way to make it work.  
Absolute scorcher from @chakrabortty on Brexit, austerity and the naked lies told about immigration #mustread 
But @andrew_lilico if Brexiters are not capable of organising their own #Brexit without Remainer help, that suggests that Remainers are the cleverer and more knowledgable bunch, and they are therefore more likely to be right about #Brexit.So let's just #StopBrexit! 
It was put up by the Good Friday Agreement which, unlike Brexit, was clearly defined in intricate detail and voted for by a large majority, anyone who dismisses it can lay no claim to love democracy, or the UK.  
MUST-READ: Four Merseyside Labour colleagues and the Mayor of Liverpool publicly call for a @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal.   
Nobody who voted for Brexit has been able to provide a coherent explanation of why they did it ... may be the reason. 
Election posters should be banned imo what a waste. And it’s the same for referendum ones. Special mention to the horrible graphic ones that have been upsetting my kids and many more over these last few weeks. I sincerely doubt those who funded them care about women/babies at all 
I appreciate people take different views on Brexit policy or tactics, but - re "strops" - I do find it remarkable how little appreciation for principled dissent survives among fans of a Labour leader whose career was one of near-constant dissent until he took over.  
Every time a ship docks in UK with Cane Suger for Tate & Lyle, we send the EU £1M because we should be buying it from the EU. Which country in the EU grows Cane Sugar?  #EU #Brexit #customsunion #EUprotectionracket 
.Brexit has opened Pandora's Box..... Is it too late to close it?"It's ideas being floated that were BEYOND consideration before.". 
More Breaksit NewsThomson Reuters is moving one of its businesses from London to Dublin because of Brexit  
Someone’s done a Brexit rewrite of Pulp’s Common People and it’s so good it’s almost worth the price of leaving the EU 
This assumption that voters can't possibly remember the jaw-dropping 2015 photos of Merkel's Million Marching Muslims is common among influentials, since we don't have a name for that event, like we have "Brexit" and "Trump." So for Sapir-Whorf reasons, not part of Discourse.  
Brexit seasoned with Stella Artois  
SHAMEFUL: Theresa May poised to exploit the Royal Wedding to unveil a fleet of new peers /#EU #Brexit #ToriesOut 
BREXIT MADNESS UPDATEFirst it was "screw Northern Ireland", and now this:"English voters would rather give up Scotland than Gibraltar for Brexit ... and a clear majority would sacrifice the Union to leave Europe"When will someone end this insanity?#bbcqt #newsnight @LBC 
This review of @RonanFarrow's 'War on Peace' has so much resonance w Brexit. The injuries of our countries & their causes are so similar - I wonder if the price (or solutions) will be, too.@sturdyAlex @IanDunt @mrjamesob @GuitarMoog @StevePeers 
We need to come together. Nearly 2 years since the brexit vote . Big change is on the horizon. Lets focus our energy on building & preparing for that exciting change. Our success won't be determined by politicians alone, but by each of us who live & work in this great land  
Almost two years on from the referendum and you haven't understood a single thing about what drove people to vote Leave. You say it best when you say nothing at all, it seems. Get ready to be hacked off even more. #Brexit 
The political parties are destined for a huge makeover, at very least, because of the debacle of Brexit: " 
Tory Leavers are dusting down their plans for a no-deal Brexit, and Michel Barnier ought to be careful 
YOUR COMMENT: I’ve found him, guys, the daddy of all gammons; the high priest of Brexit.  
Tomorrow's front page: Shock poll reveals English voters would rather give up Scotland than Gibraltar for Brexit ... and a clear majority would sacrifice the Union to leave Europe  
After the referendum can we all do a big event where we finally wash the jumpers 
Yeah... 'cos, of course, it's the fault of remainers that Brexit is proving to be the utter shambles it is. I mean, it's not like we didn't tell you this stuff before the referendum. You lot broke it. You lot fix it. Own your own mess. 
The people of Scotland didn't want another article from Chris Deerin.  They'll get over it.  And when the referendum is called, he'll get over that. 
Theresa May u turns on Customs Union!!! Jeremy Corbyn is the Real Prime Minister whatever he says May does... hahahahaha!!! Tories don’t care about Brexit just power...  
For a United Ireland Arlene says SUPPORT #BREXIT  
Grimly fascinating to hear two couples who are strangers across from me in a south Uist hotel discuss Brexit after lots of chatting. One is English, other from Donegal. Former ‘can’t understand’ Irish border and says ‘I’m sure it’ll be fine’. Cue silence 
Brexit UK ‘risks falling to 20th in world in HE and research’  
.We'll soon find out if this same 7 in 10 will support independence if Brexit takes place.....Any bets, Brexiters?#BrexitWillEndTheUnion 
TONIGHT: As referendum day draws closer we're joined by doctors & prominent campaigners on both sides on why they're voting Yes or No. Our panel @louiseckenny @senatornoone @wendyannegrace and Dr Kirsten Fuller.& @SineadOCarroll on myths on both sides of the campaign  #tonighttv3 
This is really stirring from @vickyford There are flashes of brilliance and decency arising out of the Brexit swap.Let’s fertilise and nourish them.  
No the below tweet is not satire from "the day today". It is without doubt, in a very crowded field, one of the stupidest tweets I've ever seen from a #Brexit MP & former minister.I feel like giving up.It's almost as if Brexit just some sort of stupid sitcom.  
#CambridgeAnalytica whistelblower @chrisinsilico testified yesterday before the US Senate judiciary committee. Here is Chris's opening salvo: "...the rights to life, liberty and happiness need to be defended from those who might undermine them using new technology..." 
Britain will Never Leave the EU Whilst May is Prime Minister Share If You Agree 
The Guardian view on the cabinet and Brexit: beyond a joke | Editorial Brexit is no laughing matter although the cabinet are a joke. 
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie speaking on the 8th amendment referendum last night in Dublin. #WhoNeedsYourYes #together4yes #GetTogether4Yes 
Brexit: a tragedy that so many opportunities will be lost, so many jobs will be risked, and so many lives will be destroyed by @theresa_may playing to the lowest common denominator in her party. 
Going by the Brexit goings on, you'd think the referendum on Britain's EU membership was actually held in Eire rather than UK!Will the British leadership grow a spine?#Brexit  
Which makes the UK look worst?1. The arrogant exceptionalism that led to #Brexit; or 2. The dogs dinner we’ve made of trying to implement it? 
MPs in Parliament must honour the will of the British people & not obstruct the will, a clean Brexit.#Brexit  
I’ve just watched a US TV drama which featured the line, “ask Great Britain how Brexit is working out for them”. It wasn’t meant in a good way. Well done Brexiters - ya feckin’ eejits! 
Proper hard Brexit midfielder. You'll be missed in Russia 
lol...Anna Soubry blames Labour because her party is full of right wing Little Englanders......you really are a joke Anna...still I'm sure your bosom buddy @ChukaUmunna will love you even more for having a pop at Corbyn #brexit  
Lexit explained. It's as factless and a pointless an idea as Brexit and like it's ideological right wing friend it permanently impoverishes the country.#StopBrexit 
1) Central #Brexit conundrumsIt's comical & depressing that the current problems in #Brexit were set in stone 2 years ago by brexit leadership & have hamstrung it sinceBrexit reduces to the following:-The impossible deal-The frameworks-The wrong audience-The failed joker 
Lots of us didn't agree to #EURef. We told you we were fine. You, the Brexists, insisted on the stupid referendum you'd made no plans (you had 40 years!) to implement, and *you* are to blame for this not only predictable but predicted fiasco.  
Many centre-left elites regard their traditional voters with disdainAs we have discovered throughout the Brexit and Trump debates 
Brexit is now becoming clear. The bullshit will continue until the next general election when brexit will finally be forgotten for reasons which have yet to be dreamed up. May has conned us and all that remains now is to ensure she does not get away with it. 
'Brits don't like being BULLIED' Kate Hoey blasts Barnier over continuous Brexit threats  
 If true, this really would make the Courts our last line of defence against Mrs May’s depredation of the UK’s Constitution in the name of Brexit. Please pledge in favour of  #A50Challenge R/T and spread the word. We are going to need your support. 
FT BREXIT LEAD: May concedes on tie to customs union #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Brexit is the least of the European Union's difficulties right now; try Italy's populists for size 
.@AlexSalmond points to the extraordinary solidarity of #EU27 around Irish border issue.  He says the #Brexiteers were arrogant & ignorant of the Irish issue now “The UK Govt is impaled upon the steeples of Fermanagh & Tyrone” #Brexit 
I thought hell would freeze over before I'd see this...moderate unionists are ready to consider a united Ireland if Hard Brexit goes ahead, and who could blame them!  Talks already happening. #PeoplesVote 
It may seem on Twitter that there are as many Leavers as there are Remainers, but one fact will become obvious when we finally get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal, and it's this:Bots. Can't. Vote.So just ignore the little pests and do what's what's right. 
Brexiters think that running away from high standards is a good thing. Imagine post-Brexit air pollution levels... “EU takes British government to court for illegal and dangerous air pollution levels - The Independent  
If @DMiliband had taken a front seat role in the Brexit referendum, we'd have won by 20 points!!! :P  
Challenging the British Secretary of State Karen Bradley at the #BalmoralShow18 - @M_AndersonSF said the north will not be ‘collateral damage’ for Brexit and that the British government need to release legacy funding for families awaiting truth and justice.  
1/ Why why why on Earth should anyone who voted against #Brexit or for that matter has changed their mind get behind something they do not want? Why? Have we now lost the right in this country to democratically oppose policies we disagree with? #FBPE #StopBrexit #Remain 
It doesn't look good.Theresa May accused of 'magical thinking' over Brexit as Irish prime minister reveals a shocking truthBy @timothyjwoods7 #BrexitVia @TheCanaryGlobal 
Last week Labour MPs from North East demanded a 2nd referendum, now Labour MPs from Merseyside demand one as well.Come @jeremycorbyn don't be like King Cnut trying to hold back the tide...your young supporters are relying on you. 
"High prospect" of Brexit transitional period being extended beyond 2020, Ken Clarke says  
Are you just going to sit there while she wrecks the Brexit that 17.4m people voted for, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg& @BorisJohnson?Seriously?Have you the faintest idea how furious people are....? 
Moving to Scotland from England in a year, taking my family and business with me. I refuse to pay tax in England to fund brexit, I would rather my taxes go to Scotland where the citizens come first and the #gammon are the minority. 
As a direct consequence of Brexit, Uk is bottom of league table. Soon we will be playing in the Championship  
This vein of argument, on the hard Brexit risk of an Irish border poll, which was had in Downing St between PM and some Brexiters, was referred to as “ludicrous” and “transparently specious” by allies of some of the MPs at the Brexit customs briefing 
Which bit are Remainers meant to be excited about?And that’s just the finances.What about the human costs?  UK in the EU, EU in the UK, OUR freedom of movement to live, work, retire, love in 27 other EU countries?Back Brexit? NEVER.I do hope our being so clear is helpful.  
Great to see our heartlands standing up for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. First Labour MP's from the North East and now from Merseyside.A Tory Brexit making the North West 8% poorer would be devastating and was never on the ballot paper. Lies were. 
Fascinating piece from Gary suggesting that a senior Irish Government official has hosted talks with senior public figures from Northern Ireland on the shape of a united Ireland, since Brexit...  
The idea that at the last minute Labour could suddenly change course and try to stop #Brexit in Parliament is absurd. It doesn't matter about Starmer's 6 tests. I doubt whether more than 10% of the electorate know about them. Only a #PeoplesVote makes sense. #StopBrexit 
I want to say a big thank you to @thejournal_ie for how much great referendum reporting they've done. Excellent fact checking, myth busting & informative threads on Twitter too. It's been great to see in the face of so much misinformation & bias. Thanks @BiddyEarly & staff  
EU unites against Donald Trump and invokes measures to combat sanctions  
Brexit: Rees-Mogg Warns Britain Faces Customs Union 'Perpetual Purgatory'  
Very proud of my wife Caitriona who was just on Channel 4 News as part of the TURAS Irish language choir that featured in their report on NI and Brexit. It was a good piece of journalism that reinforces how bad the BBC has become 
It's Theresa May's time to shine. By delivering the full Brexit that we voted for, including ending FOM, getting out from under eh ECJ and securing a half decent trade deal. she can go from zero to hero overnight and stand tall next to Margaret Thatcher as a great PM. 
'Brits don't like being BULLIED' Kate Hoey blasts Barnier over continuous Brexit threats  
Channel 4 News tonight (17/5/18) is suggesting Ireland is finally bringing the Govt to its senses & it will be "Brexit in name only" - which raises the obvious question .... 
We know it, dogs in the street know it and now it's even dawning on the Torygraph! Brexit as promised by the lying Leave campaign is undeliverable...at least 2023 before a customs system can be ready, if ever. Let's end this miserable farce. #PeoplesVote 
4 Merseyside MPs @Alison_McGovern @lucianaberger @meaglemp @LouiseEllman have joined me @bphillipsonMP @MPphilwilson @annaturley @CatMcKinnell in calling for a @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal.  Brexit will hit the North East & Merseyside hard  
The effort employed to stop this idiotic policy has been incredibly empowering. The inane ineptitude of the Brexit supporters has shown their incompetence.Take ownership Lilico its your idiocy not ours.  
It was the first step in a process which could result in a finding of contempt of Parliament. And we're meant to accept the #Brexit that these crooks are forcing on us by unjust means, and just "get on with it"? Get real.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Totally agree. Corbyn's betrayal on Brexit really hurts our NHS.  
Bob Moran on Brexit and the Royal Wedding zzzzzzzzz - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
"If they seriously think the hard right forces now pushing hardest for hard Brexit will protect and nourish the BBC once their work is done, they are naive in the extreme."  
If Leavers had put one half of the energy & imagination they’ve put into trying to blame Remainers into trying to come up with some semblance of a plan; we’d still be absolutely nowhere. (I love your work BTW Andrew - you’re the personification of just how moronic Brexit is.) xx  
.@Telegraph cartoon#RoyalWedding #Brexit #TheresaMay #customsunion 
4 Merseyside MPs @Alison_McGovern @lucianaberger @meaglemp @LouiseEllman have joined me @bphillipsonMP @PaulWilliamsMP @annaturley @CatMcKinnell in calling for a @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal.  Brexit will hit the North East & Merseyside hard  
If Leavers put just two hours into googling “what is the EU” BEFORE the referendum we wouldn’t even be having this conversation.  
Mrs May’s long awaited packing of the House of Lords with Brexiters may happen next week. Apparently there are ongoing arguments about at least one DUP nomination. This is part of the pay-back, on top of the £1bn signing fee, for DUP support Mrs May & hard Brexit 
Another week, another group of brilliant Labour MPs come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote. Thank you to @Alison_McGovern @lucianaberger @LouiseEllman @meaglemp for having the courage to stand up for what you believe is right. #Brexit is not inevitable.   
Most people aren't happy with the way Brexit's going.People who want Brexit are furious that it's resulting in a loss of sovereignty.And Remainers... well they're remainers.The only way people can change that is a #PeoplesVote. 
The trap that so many people fall into in Brexit is to assume on face value that it's about a relationship to the EU. It's not. It's 100% about the UK. It's 100% a malaise of this country - symptom of the crash of UK representative democracy into mob populism, following GE 2015. 
Salmond for devoting his life to the cause and a referendum, and the cool dude who followed the Westminster rabble MPs down Buchanan Street on their day-return visit to the colony, shouting by megaphone, "Welcome our masters!" accompanied by the blaring theme from Star Wars. 
Outrageous that you think that anyone who didn't want this, nor the referendum, are going to do anything to help enable it. Whatever made you think that we would? I am doing my utmost to stop it happening & will till my dying day. 
May says gov't working on “fallback option” to address Irish border issue after Brexit. But, at a press conf in Macedonia, she also insisted that UK would operate “an independent trade policy”.  Which will very definitely not be independent. How stupid does she think we are? 
Theresa May is playing to lose. The UK must leave the Customs Union on Brexit Day and take back control of our trade, not stay tethered to the EU in a managed decline to irrelevance.  
Hot on the heels of 5 Labour MPs in the North East, here are four Labour MPs in Merseyside (as well as the Mayor of Liverpool) coming out for a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. 
MUST-READ: Four Merseyside Labour MPs and the Mayor of Liverpool publicly call for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
You're right. I was out this aftrnoon at a group meeting. Afterwards talk came around to politics & brexit. Sixteen people, all talking brexit, I've never known so many people been of the same opinion at the same time, i.e. regarding the sellout by May. The anger was there to see  
Extend the Brexit transition? It’s just another non-starter | Gina Miller  
If Labour's policy doesn't represent the views of its members, 80% of whom who want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal when we get it... Isn't the membership fee, by definition, taxation without representation? 
"We've already lost 10,000 doctors since the referendum. We plan to expel even skilled immigrants after 5 years. So where are the courses to urgently train 23,000 replacement doctors?"  
@mrjamesob predicted this a year ago! Our own cabinet still have no clue what Brexit means and Remainers warnings before the referendum told you about the inevitable consequences yet Brexit elites pretended it was Project Fear!It’s your shitshow, own it! 
.@M_AndersonSF tells British Secretary of State Bradley ‘Tory position on border poll untenable’  MEP challenges the British SoS on border poll, institutions, Brexit and legacy at Balmoral Show  
We voted Brexit to RE-ESTABLISH our borders & escape EU that cripples business-not to continue as is!Customs a miserable charade to Remain & #BetrayBrexitReality is small % of GDP will be delayed (not culled) by custom border. EU goods will manage as 60% frm rest of world do! 
Dominic Cummings could face contempt charge for refusing to address fake news inquiry The director of the main Brexit campaign is facing being held in contempt of parliament after repeatedly refusing to give evidence to MPs about the Facebook data row. 
BREXIT: Government deny they need an extention to the transition period as "there's still time to discover alien technology that will solve the border problem.” 
Labour's six tests mean party will never concede a hard Brexit. Simple as that. I won't undermine party leadership to mislead on this critical issue.  
Is that why you're trying to stop brexit but failing and Tommy is way ahead in this poll. Doesn't look like a losing side to me. 
Rats are easy Owen. Even a human like you could probably catch a rat with enough training. The cat community is a lot less confident you can deliver Brexit.  
It's so weird. If you say the word 'Brexit' some people hear the word 'Bollocks' and others hear the words 'Moronic shitfest'.Apparently it's down to the brain. 
Corbyn’s main argument for supporting Brexit is “it’s the will of the people.” Well the Tory government of 1988, had a democratic mandate when they implemented Section 28. Was that ok, because it was the will of the people?  
House of Lords Committee Report warns of #brexit loss of EU reciprocal healthcare arrangements - affecting millions of British tourists and travellers abroad. Yet another #BrexitShambles problem  via @UKParliament 
A HUGE 'well done' to the English voters, I totally agree with them!!!English voters would rather sacrifice Scotland than Gibraltar for Brexit  
So we might be staying in the customs Union, which would means Brexit is just a way to lose our seat at the decision-making table? Making us LESS sovereign that EU members? Great!  
Cabinet agrees Brexit customs 'backstop' option  
Not sure what to make of idea that 300 tonnes of rat poison and a few helicopters hold the key to solving Brexit  
Siri, show me the most random Brexit take in existence  
Possibly my poster of the referendum #Together4Yes 
Looking forward to Brexit infighting breaking the Tories as fast as it has disintegrated UKIP   @kmqkatie @KimSJ @lynnesandgate @AlisonJenner6 @Hil67 @EUtopean @nickreeves9876 @BrexitBin @helenyg @jcm247 @NarcAware @lunaperla @theresa_may @Ferretgrove 
Sir Bill Cash - "We must not give in to ultimatums from Tusk, Barnier, Varadkar, Coveney: that’s what they are doing. We’re in the business of ideas not legal obligations at the moment." #Brexit  
That feeling when you're losing the argument about abortion in an abortion referendum. #8thref 
More Good News!Republic of Ireland PM says:"If we are not making real & substantial progress by June then we need to seriously question whether we're going to have a Withdrawal Agreement at all."For UK, NO Deal is THE Best Deal#WTO #Brexit#Leave #EU 
We will be voting yes on May 25th to support the Mná na hÉireann, who deserve the right to choose. If you're still confused about the referendum, head over to  for impartial, neutral information. Now is the time to get informed. - OV HQ x 
Can’t put into words how disrespectful it is for people to tweet about how they can’t wait for this referendum to be over purely because hearing about it on social media/tv/radio ‘annoys’ them when’s there’s women young and old out there who’s lives have been ruined by the 8th 
WATCH | @KateHoeyMP: "The British public don't like being bullied. Since we saw the way the EU Commission has behaved, many Remainers in my constituency just want to get on with it.If there was [another referendum] I'd be confident the Leave vote would be even greater."   
Kate Hoey MP - "The British public don’t like being bullied. Many people in my constituency who voted to Remain say to me now that they just want to get on with #Brexit."  
Poll: Do you feel betrayed by @theresa_may on #Brexit? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
Get him called to the bar. So much for Brexit being about restoring Parliamentary sovereignty. The whole thing was won by liars charlatans and crooks.  
WHY ON EARTH DID YOU STAND ON AN MANIFESTO THAT INCLUDED A REFERENDUM ON MEMBERSHIP OF THE EU THEN YOU PLUM? 
Glasgow Tories today:Got on high horse about struggling families despite, ya know, their relentless campaign of austeritytold us all to get behind Theresa May + Brexittalked about Glasgow's 'proud' history of trade without mentioning empire or slavery 
In 2016 Dominic Cummings of Vote Leave claimed he was on a mission to “restore the sovereignty of Parliament”.He's just been reported for potential contempt of Parliament after refusing to give evidence about abuses of data & electoral law during the #Brexit campaign. pic.twitter.com/OA5QKTfham 
No matter where you are from or how you voted Brexit will adversely affect your local economy. My piece for @HuffPostUK 
Another example of where Leave broke the law and CHEATED.In this country, we don’t let liars and cheats win because it’s not “fair play”And we shouldn’t let the liars and cheats “win” with Brexit!Time to #StopBrexit 
I've nothing against No voters -- really, I think a lot of minds are flitting back and forth, people learning more etc.I do have a lot against the No campaigners. Their firebrands are the exact people who claimed I was a danger to children during the last referendum.Do one. 
#ItDoesntCostAnythingTo stop BrexitHow much does Brexit cost?All the government responsibilities that are now shared across 28 countries (chemical/medicines regulation, trade negotiations etc)All that goes on the British Tax-Payer if Brexit happens.(NHS isn't getting a penny) 
It's remarkable that someone who has devoted so much of his career to pursuing Brexit is still so deeply and unashamedly ignorant about its consequences  
.@JLongworthLML: Traits that made Britain great will serve it well again, post Brexit  
Strange that a former Irish diplomat who never worked seriously on Europe is offering comfort & deeply flawed analysis of Irish position on #Brexit to the hard #Brexiteers who do not have Ireland’s interests at heart. Why he bothers when he has zero influence in Dublin.  
Revealing. @France24_en leads their news on the Ebola outbreak in the Congo and coalition talks in Italy. @BBCNews leads on a domestic court case and a Royal wedding. No wonder the British public public are ignorant of the world. The result: Brexit! 
Last year, Jeremy Corbyn opened the Royal College of Nursing’s annual congress - reaffirming @UKLabour’s support for our vital #NHS.This year, the @theRCN voted to support a #PeoplesVote on the final terms of the Brexit deal.We must not abandon our nurses & NHS   
Big.....Thomson Reuters is moving one of its businesses from London to Dublin because of Brexit | The Independent  
'Hostility to immigration has been at the core of the pro-Brexit case'. I will not be part of this agenda, I will not get behind a Tory Brexit or a @UKLabour Brexit. I will not support Mrs May's @theresa_may or Mr Corbyn's @jeremycorbyn fantasy agenda. I will not support Brexit.  
I understand the anger of many on Brexit but I wouldn't defy the party whip on the issueI want Lewisham East to be represented in govt. South Londoners don't have strops, they make history. I'll be part of a government ensuring any deal has consent & won't harm the economy > 
Amazing response from Karen Bradley when faced with Ireland’s most eminent defender against #Brexit @M_AndersonSF “let’s just have a nice day” She should tell that to all the farmers, producers, students & industry experts she meets at #BalmoralShow18 today see how that goes. 
At the #BalmoralShow18 today Martina Anderson MEP challenged the British Secretary of State Karen Bradley on a unity poll, Brexit, the need to release the legacy funding and asked her to apologise for her shameful comments regarding legacy .@M_AndersonSF 
Hooray! It's not just me. 64,999 other listeners stopped listening to #BBCR4today I have tuned out the BBC altogether, even Radio 3 & go for Classic FM, news online, France24 CNN,etc. Never imagined BBC could become a Brexit propaganda outlet, a British RT  
House of Commons silences more than 50 staff with gagging orders, Tory MPs vote to hide papers from public that expose their Brexit war & vote to keep secret from public documents which evidence how the windrush scandal was allowed to occur #ToryBritain 
I know how concerned people are about Brexit in #LewishamEast and I will always put the interest of our community first. I believe we should stay in both the single market and customs union. Plse RT #JanetDaby4MP 
Christopher chandler paymaster of pro brexit think tank @LegatumInst made a fortune buying assets for a song when the USSR collapsed and seeks to a hard #brexit precisely  because he hopes it will cause economic chaos he can profit from  
When Theresa May let’s slip the time is right for a referendum on Irish Unity.  
@sajidjavid EU27 in the UK & UK in the EU must retain THE EXACT SAME RIGHTS, as that was what the Leave campaign promised & thus 'the will of the people'. IF you have a mandate for brexit, then you have one for the #ExactSameRights too. #FinalSayForAll 
Hostility to immigration is at the core of Brexit. EU membership has anchored a cosmopolitan Britain in the wider world, escaping is the reddest of their red lines, but modern economies cannot be open for business and simultaneously closed to foreigners 
Stopping Brexit is much harder than starting it. A referendum will be brutally fought and will bitterly divide. It will be hell. Let’s get on with it.My guide to the many hairpin bends in this week’s @TheNewEuropean pic.twitter.com/obOYuXtEuA 
Femi:- Campaigns to stop Brexit as older voters will be dead soon.- Campaigns for a second referendum as older voters didn't know what they voted for.Also Femi:- I'm here to protect older voters who I falsely claim regret voting for Brexit.  
NEW: PM admits EU withdrawal bill could stall until autumn“May’s flagship Brexit legislation has gone from being the Great Repeal Bill to the Great Delayed Bill," @JennyChapman 
English voters would rather lose Scotland than Gibraltar in Brexit process: @Panelbase poll via @kacnutt  
No such thing as a green Brexit. Keep saying it.   
If you are an undecided male voter who would like to talk about the referendum with another man, in confidence, get in touch with your number and we can talk it over. DMs are open. #Together4Yes #Phonecanvas 
Brexiters rant about great #Brexit trade opportunities. The reality is that there are only 3 trading partners who really count and they are all much bigger and much less desperate to get a deal. They will crush the UK in negotiations.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Must-read thread on Customs Union situation #Brexit  
So far, the public are cheering the House of Lords on. Only the hard-line Brexit head bangers are upset.  
One of the more disgusting tropes of brexiteers is their faux concern for the plight of the poor in Africa or elsewhere.Brexit is about their own fiscal interest, nobody else’s.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns of 'perpetual Brexit purgatory' as ministers agree EU customs ties could last beyond 2021  
Irish PM warns that the lack of a solution to the Irish border issue means a no-deal #Brexit is on the cards. ERG Tories wipe their lips as they begin to drool again over fat disaster capitalist profits & a #BrexitTaxHaven. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Why customs union climbdown shows Britain is heading for a soft Brexit 
veryVery good on how Brexit has deepened divisions in Northern Ireland and alientated nationalists. Lots of discussion of border poll, reflecting how fast it is moving up the agenda.  
So, according to the Wings poll, English folk would happily drop the Scots (by quite a margin), the N Irish and those in Gibralta in order to ensure they get Brexit. Shows their priorities. 
The SNP was voted into power with the mandate of holding another independence referendum.  Who voted for Chris Deerin? 
Entrepreneur Michael Spencer calls on Britain to think big after Brexit: 85% of world GDP will be outside the EU to go for afterwards if we're "bold and radical".The world offers huge opportunities! Embrace it, Remoaners!  
This proves the unionist delusion is strong.English voters would rather sacrifice Scotland than Gibraltar for Brexit  
John Waters has called Eamon Dunphy a 'fucking bollocks', which is probably the most factual thing he's said during the referendum 
Italy's new government shows it's not just British voters questioning the EU dream  #Brexit 
New Catalan president @QuimTorraiPla was sworn in today. He was parliament's *4th* choice, after1. @krls, in exile for organizing a referendum2. @jordialapreso, jailed for leading a peaceful protest3. @jorditurull, jailed partway through his investiture debate. 
According to a new poll, voters in England would prefer to lose Scotland than Gibraltar in the Brexit process. To be honest, I fully support this. I’m completely happy for Scotland to fuck off out of the United Kingdom.  
This glib article simply says that Brexit is possible but for complacency. So come on Mr Big Noise - tell us how. Without bankrupting the country, you know just like you promised. You’ve had nearly 2 years and still you have no idea. 
In current UK politics what do you find the most frustrating? @snp @theresa_may @Conservatives @EU_Commission #brexit #SNP #Conservatives #EUreferendum RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Kate Hoey warned the House of Lords could be completely reformed if unelected pro-EU Peers will continue to create obstacles to the Brexit negotiations  
Look, I‘m fully aware that we aren’t the South’s responsibility, and this isn’t our referendum, but there’s a particular pain felt looking at Northern Ireland shaded out on the statistical maps. 
If you want to know what EU/US companies will do to us after Brexit, just look at what West German firms did to their East German competitors after reunification.They moved in, snapped up their competitors, asset stripped them and closed them down.The same will happen here. 
.@Will_DryOFOC and @lara_spirit bumped into @OwenSmith_MP !! We have one thing in common - WE'LL ALL BE MARCHING ON THE 23RD JUNE FOR A PEOPLE'S VOTE! Brexit is a COMPLETE disaster! RT IF YOU'LL BE JOINING US!  
May noticed the referendum as the source of the decision in her letter This CANNOT be right. We HAVE GOT to get to the bottom of this. It bloody well matters.  
Spy camera footage spread from Ecuadorian intelligence of @JulianAssange in the current information war against his asylum. Here, a meeting between Assange, one of his lawyers, and the founding editor of Catalan newspaper ARA @OriolSoler on 9 Nov 2017 (after the referendum)  
Yet more evidence coming out that the #LeaveEU side in the #Brexit #EUreferendum not only lied but cheated and broke the law 
How an Irish-American woman’s legal case helped spur Ireland’s abortion referendum  
Corbyn is unswervingly intent on following the "Will of the People" on Brexit. So I guess if 52% of a gerrymandered electorate chose in an advisory referendum to bring back hanging, outlaw homosexuality and ban trade unions, he'd support that too?#StopBrexit 
The May Corbyn Brexit pact is leaving millions of Britains politically homeless. There is a growing sense of despair in the country and few brave politicians prepared to stick their necks out to challenge this Brexit disaster.What a shameful place to be. Stop Brexit.# FBPE 
“Let us speak the plain truth... What is driving this country headlong into a chaotic and punishing Brexit is a blind desire to cut immigration.” @chakrabortty speaks the plain truth: Brexit is based on a lie  
Chris Grayling and I are the only two people alive to have nationalised a railway company! Come on Chris, why not join me in scrapping Brexit too? 
If Brexit happens: Labour will get the blame. When Brexit becomes the disaster we know it will, Labour will get the blame. When people are broken, jobless & living in poverty - Labour will get the blame. Who will vote Labour then? Ditch Brexit. Ditch Corbyn - or die. @UKLabour 
The Timeline:2017 - Theresa May2018 - Theresa May Not2019 - Theresa Won'tTime to elect a leader and PM before it's too late?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
Project Fear debunked: University boss admits he made up a claim that British universities would plummet in the world rankings because of Brexit  
Thank you to Eamon Dunphy for a calm and respectful chat about the referendum. Unfortunately, in a separate conversation, John Waters stormed out of the studio after unleashing a stream of expletives.   
I would say one of the biggest reasons why countries will be falling over themselves to trade with us after Brexit is that we put utter dimwits in charge who could be outnegotiated by a trained chimp.#Stopbrexit #BrexitShambles 
The failure of Brexit is not the fault of the people who didn’t want it 
Big shift in public opinion in Devon against Brexit as the reality dawns  
Former Irish ambassador @ray_basssett tells @PoliteiaUK he has spoken out on Brexit because he does not want Ireland being used as a "weapon" against the UK  
Brexit Britain   
If the UK system was not willing to accept & implement Brexit it shld not hv agreed to the euref. We were fine. We cld hv carried on another 8 or 9 yrs in the EU before it got really urgent to leave. But having held it & lost they hv to *do* it. This obstructionism is outrageous. 
Two episodes today based around the upcoming 8th Amendment Referendum.First, John Waters made his case for a No vote before he left the studio abruptly: Second, @UnaMullally for the Yes side who chats at length about the issue 
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar warns Ireland will not move on insisting on Brexit backstop as guarantee of no hard border in Ireland  
Burundians are voting on a controversial referendum that could allow President Nkurunziza to hold power until 2034.  
How many people considered the potential impact brexit could have on the pharmaceutical sector and access to vital drugs at #EURef ?The reality is very worrying. If you are a leave voter& concerned, remember its ok to change your mind. Be a #Remainernow 
Vatican declares mountain message a miracle amid calls from local clergy that Ben Bulben's No vote be counted in the referendum 
Where's the police? Brexit is a crime to the British, the Europeans, the UK and the EU. #BrexitWasBrexitHere are the leading criminals. #StopBrexitTake your time & read as if it was fiction. Yet it's not. pic.twitter.com/eUj60Z7Jj2 
#Remainers are crawling out of the woodwork like Lice with #ProjectFear 2.0,  desperately scrambling for any excuse to thwart #Brexit. As legendary #Eurosceptic #EnochPowell said, "we have nothing to fear but our doubts!"   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome 
But no-one believes (Brexit side) or accepts (Remain side) it's truly abt a "small delay" & no-one *will* believe/accept that until the UK-EU long-term trading relationship is agreed. This isn't Brexiteers being impatient. It's abt a systematic & sustained attempt to stop Brexit.  
'When you walk away from the largest civilized trading bloc in the world, the consequences are predictable: you end up shackled to the uncivilized.'#Erdogan #SaudiArabia #Trump #nhs #theresamay #brexit  
‘And that’s why I back Corbyn who is pro Brexit and anti immigration’  
This is an astonishing development. Vote Leave was the official pro Brexit campaign group. Cummings was its campaign chief.  
READ: @LiamFox on how the “Brexit doomsayers… could not be more wrong” and how global investors are “clamouring” for opportunities in the UK #FreeTradeUK 
“I don’t trust our Brexit negotiating team. I think they’d end up paying full price for a DFS sofa.” - Frankie Boyle 
Staffing the @sinnfeinireland stand at the Balmoral Show today. Lots of questions and concern around Brexit with many people stopping to praise the hard work being done by @M_AndersonSF and the rest of our MEP team. If you're at the show, call in and say hello 
EU sources cautious on pos Brexit customs union climbdown and unsurprisingly want to see proposals. One concern is that gov just playing for time and still pinning homes on customs p/ship ( aka "magical thinking") or max-fac ("less useful than a deodorant").  
My reasons why I will be voting No in the upcoming abortion referendum.  #LoveBothVoteNo #LoveBoth #savethe8th #votenotoabortion #8thref #8thAmendment #8th 
It was a pleasure to speak at the @laboursinglemkt rally last night in Parliament. Here’s Neil Kinnock explaining why Labour members should get a say on our Brexit policy.  
Good to meet you too @wgcs_finance. We agree, UK government needs to reassure EU citizens, have their rights guaranteed after #Brexit.  EU citizens who have contributed to Wales & the rest of the UK need answers about their status and how @ukhomeoffice will work to help them. 
Irony klaxon: the day before the European Commission announces legal action against the UK for failing to meet air-quality standards, a Brexiter in the House of Lords says that she “will be able to breathe more easily” and “the air will be fresher” after Brexit.  
Even remaining in the Customs Union for a few years won't solve the Irish border problem. That would require staying in the Single Market.  #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
In recent months, I have found great interest & concern among Irish Americans about the implications of #brexit for Ireland. Here’s how I respond to their questions on this subject.  
On 14th May, Sir Keir Starmer was in Brussels to discuss #Brexit with senior politicians of 27 EU countries on remaining in Single Market & Customs Union.Under what mandate is he holding discussion with opposite side of negotiations for UK leaving EU?#EU 
I concur. The High Court rightly ruled me out for not complying with Section 44. My error.No politician should have an allegiance or rights in another country.Australians would rightly reject this referendum.  
With the referendum only days away it’s made me think about the many thousands of people who have bravely shared their personal stories and intimate details in an attempt to show that regardless as to their choice they deserved to be cared for here in Ireland. #togetherforyes 
You may have missed a Green politician annihilating the government over Brexit. So here it is.Fierce speech by @GreenJennyJones in the HoL yesterday, paving the way for the government's 15th defeat on the #EUWithdrawalBill.Must-watch and share >> 
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns of 'perpetual Brexit purgatory'  
#bbcdp Not Ayesha Hazarika on TV again. Can’t turn TV on without her not being on. The bloody Labour bore was special adviser to Ed Miliband. That went well not. All she does nonstop crying  about Brexit & Donald Trump. Yawn, Yawn,Yawn,Yawn, Yawn,Yawn,Yawn,Yawn. 
Theresa May reportedly wants to stay in the customs union for years after #Brexit, to give the UK time to conjure up a solution to the border in Ireland issue (an issue #Brexiters assure me doesn't actually exist )  via @BIfrance 
I'm giving evidence this afternoon with @DPhinnemore @QUBelfast to the @OireachtasNews Joint Committee on the Implementation of the Good Friday Agreement. #Brexit  
PM wants CU till 2021!Backslide lets EU dictate terms like keep inept CFP that'll cull our fleet.Brexiteers must end sad charade by PM stalling to fudge Brexit Customs red herring for small % GDP. EU goods will manage as 60% of imports manage now! 
If every British citizen could be said to be “represented” by their MP on Brexit, the UK would have voted overwhelmingly to remain in the EU. Turns out, that didn't happen. @Madz_Grant: 
"The bottom of the rainbow seem to be unattainable" Jacob R-Mogg protests re May extending transition. Ha! So he admits Brexit is an end of the rainbow pot of pure gold fantasy. 
In the @HouseofCommons yesterday, I made it clear that we must leave the EU as one United Kingdom. There can be no part of the UK left in the EU in any form- this would damage the Union and hurt businesses, jobs, and trade. #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
FULL #Brexit is 29th March 2019PM May:"No we are not climbing down.UK will be Leaving Customs Union, we ARE Leaving EU.We need to be able to have our own independent trade policy, we want friction-less UK & EU border so trade can continue"#Leave #EU 
Former EU Commissioner Neil Kinnock wants you to have your say on his lucrative EU pension - oops, sorry, I meant “Brexit”.  
‘Irish PM warns UK could crash out of EU without Brexit deal if no progress soon.’Something that only disaster capitalists - and people who refuse comprehend the consequences of crashing out - want.  
Discussing #Brexit with PM @theresa_may in the margins of the #EUWesternBalkansSummit and ahead of the June #EUCO. 
The people of England would drop Scotland as quick as they could from the UK if it meant they could have the Brexit they wantIn fact, they'd rather have tiny Gibraltar than Scotland in the UK  
If No voters are known as The Anti's  and Yes voters are known as the Pro's, are the Undecided known as The Undies? If so, do you have Undies among your friends? AND ARE YOUR UNDIES READY TO BE CHANGED? This is a very important week in the referendum so please start... 
"We're going where the sun shine brightly/We're going where the sea is blue" in larger numbers than ever, but this summer package holiday prices are up by twice the rate of inflation. To blame: Brexit and higher hotel rates in Spain 
The people of England would gladly dump the 7.2 million of Scotland and Northern Ireland, if that was the price of achieving Brexit.  
Brexit-related concerns remain key for UK tech, says UK gov report  by @mikebutcher 
"It is very, very, very important that Labour members have a real determining, direct say on this issue, above all others."Neil Kinnock says it is vital for Labour members to have their views heard on Brexit.Do you agree? Sign up to the campaign   
Leaving the EU gives the UK the opportunity to be a global leader in environmental standards. Instead of doing everything they can to frustrate Brexit, Lords should let the Government get on with the job of getting the best Brexit deal 
Brexiters rightly smell rat over customs extension scheme @InFactsOrg Smell a rat? Everything about Brexit stinks to high heaven. Time to cancel the whole thing so we can all breathe again. @Bremaininspain 
Just wrapping up a bilateral meeting with @theresa_may on #Brexit and other issues here at the #westernbalkanssummit in Sofia, Bulgaria 
Jacob is of course right, however the time has come for action. Surely he can no longer convince himself Theresa the Appeaser is committed to Brexit? Get those letters in to the 1922 Committee, boys and girls. She's got to go!  
Burundi is heading to the polls today for a referendum which could see President Pierre Nkurunziza stay in power until 2034.So what exactly are they voting for - and why are some people so worried? 
A deeply disturbing remark from Theresa May last year. A government that curtails human rights laws for any reason is one that is very likely to abuse human rights.#Windrush@guyverhofstadt @The3Million @DavidLammy#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Just spoke to a Commission expert about this. The upgrade to the EU's visa system will take 2-3 years. Original roll out in 2011 took 5-6 years. Just to give you an idea of how long visa database systems take to put in place #Brexit  
As opposed to the public rage at being dragged out of the #EU by Tory infighting resulting in a reckless, advisory referendum based on lies & false promises, won by the slimmest of majorities, with no research no plan. Put your toys back in your pram sunshine,we're not giving up! 
Brilliant Femi expressing what most young people think. Brexit is a disaster waiting to happen!  
The UK, post Brexit, will continue to be,A leading member of,UN (veto power)NATOWTO IMFWORLD BANKCOMMONWEALTHPARIS ACCORDQECDOSCEUNESCOWHOEtcThe UK will continue to have great influence on  these organizations post Brexit as an Independent Sovereign Nation. 
Proud to speak at @laboursinglemkt Westminster rally with colleagues of the caliber of Neil Kinnock, Chuka Umuna, Stella Creasy, Stephen Doughty & Alison McGovern about the catastrophe impacts of Brexit, particularly for the island of Ireland, and sensible ways to address it  
The Together for Yes Campaign Platform brings together a wide range of civil society organisations who represent various sectors of Irish society. We share a unified aim which is to secure a yes vote in the referendum to remove the 8th from the constitution #Together4Yes 
People with Down Syndrome are entitled to vote however they want on May 25th! Some will vote yes, some will vote no and some will not vote at all.If you know someone who has DS, speak to them about the referendum as if they are a competent, capable adult.Because they are.  
The head of the trade body representing Britain’s leading manufacturing companies has warned that the UK-EU customs plan favoured by Eurosceptic ministers such as foreign secretary Boris Johnson for after Brexit is “pie in the sky”  
This is what I’ve been saying for years now, and every time I’ve been called a “melt, centrist dad, blarite nonce, champagne socialist, red Tory, class traitor etc...because I want the labour leader, (who voted for EU ref back in 2011) to stop bull shitting over Brexit.  
Just a reminder: We were told people wouldn't talk about abortion.We were told there was no support for a referendum. We were told our tone was wrong. We were told we were too shrill. We now have a majority support for #RepealThe8th WE WILL DO THIS.#Together4Yes 
God save us from London Mayors who only want the job as a soapbox to launch attacks on Brexit, America, Britain and promote ethnic minorities whilst ignoring rampant FGM and presiding over disastrous crime and murder rates. 
Your timely reminder that there are less than 90 workdays left to find a Brexit deal.And if we don't find one, or choose to Remain, then we leave the EU without a deal and without a transition in 316 day's time.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
Vote Leave and BeLeave used IDENTICAL datasets to target Facebook users, including one called "Vote Leave instapage submissions".Yet more evidence of cheating. We need a final say on the Brexit deal (with the option to Remain) #PeoplesVote 
The BREXIT vote was a revolutionary act. Sadly, executing it falls the very people against whom it was aimed: the New Class elite - slippery conniving commissars and bureaucrats. There is no 'technical' problem with BREXIT. We're in another phase of a class war.  
The truths of #Brexit...1. Most politicians want us to remain shackled to the #EU. 2. A remainer PM was replaced with a remainer PM.3. The EU is terrified of us succeeding as a free nation.4. It was never the intention of many MPs to respect the outcome of the referendum. 
The eradication of South Georgia’s rats proves we can do anything – even Brexit  
I'm not making it up. Brexit will destroy businesses and result in massive job losses. It's already cost us 113,000 jobs. How many more before our politicians see sense?  
BREXIT BACKLASH: May forced to deny caving in on customs union- 'We are NOT climbing down'  
Listening to #TodaySOR on Referendum. As someone who has campaigned & advocated for children's rights incl increased investment & services for early years I must say the majority of the individuals on the NO campaign have opposed and tried to hinder my work.#TogetherForYes 
Project Fear plucked from the air!Prof Michael Arthur:“I confess I plucked a number out of the air"Rees Mogg:“Surprising a highly esteemed Prof just makes things up as he goes along.It shows lack of intellectual rigour of Project Fear."#Brexit #EU 
Today I have cancelled my direct debit for the membership of @UKLabour over their stance on #Brexit. Looking forward to their follow up phone call to explain my reasons in detail. 
You'll recall when Obama was attacked for saying post #Brexit Britain would be "back of the queue"You may have been one of those celebrating when Trump said we'd do a "great trade deal"Well, this is reality. Trump looking to push up NHS drug prices 
Brexit Britain has closed to foreigners  via @financialtimes 
A perfect summary of what is driving this absurd, unworkable and deeply dangerous hard Brexit. Every word of @chakrabortty's article is true, urgent and all too often left unsaid. So of course its message will be utterly ignored. 
The 'integrity' of British politics has been utterly undermined by the torrent of lies spouted by Tory #Brexit politicians and the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press. Restore democracy #JailTheLeaveLiars!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Polling days in the referendum are being split this time around. If you're voting Yes, do it on the 25th. If you're voting No, do it in 1983. 
Church pleads for prayers ahead of #Ireland's abortion referendum  
Christy Moore and @MarianKeyes calling for a Yes vote in the referendum on May 20th.  
Burundi votes in a referendum proposing constitutional changes that could extend the president's term until 2034  
Why is @theresa_may always trying to gain the approval of the EU? When they say no we can't agree with that her answer has to be "I answer to the people of the UK, not the EU - take it or leave it" The fact that she won't speaks volumes. #Brexit 
.@GaryLineker has come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. Like and RT!  
Yesterday's post: Delusions of National Power    The end point of Brexit is pretty clear, but our politicians either cannot or dare not see it. 
Senior Tory Brexiters have dubbed the government’s new customs backstop a “Hotel California Brexit” 
Let's be honest. All this talk of a Customs Union and EEA membership is just a rehash of the 'Business Brexit" nonsense from 2 years ago. Soft Brexit is an illusion. It has us following laws and accepting trade regulations that we have no say in. It's a total distraction.#FBPE 
We will not stop until we get a Real Brexit! 
If Theresa May extends the Implementation Period, aka ‘false Brexit’, the Tory BACKBENCH will have to demand a BACKBONE from the front bench.#48letters 
My question to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg . What are you going to do about the report that your government want to extend membership of the Customs Union beyond 2021?My advice. Form a cross Party Brexit caucus & hold a news conference. You would have most of the Country behind you. 
2 days ago your boss was begging for the people to back her. Her howling with laughter at their stupidity for doing so had not died away before she resumed her betrayal of brexit & the UK. We can´t win with May because she is spineless, clueless and should go. Ask her to quit. 
The time is fastly approaching we need a full-on #Brexit leadership challenge @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP @LiamFox 
This could easily be applied to Brexit, it is absolutely wrong to run a government and opposition relying on voters' gullibility and vulnerability. Such a shame that more MPs don't feel able to speak out against Brexit, the biggest gamble of all. #FOBT 
This is a truly terrifying piece of unicornism from the government during the select committee on Brexit. How can people this devoid of logic be in charge of a country?#StopBrexit 
Here we go, “small delay”. Article 50 is delay, “transition” too, now another one. Anyone might think Damian doesn’t  want Brexit to happen.  
great move by @GaryLineker coming out in favour of a #peoplesvote at the end of the #brexit process. Takes real courage to do things like this. Thanks a lot! @peoplesvote_uk 
'What is driving this country headlong into a chaotic and punishing Brexit is a blind desire to cut immigration... As long as Brexit is a synonym for keeping out foreigners, there can be no hope for meaningful compromise with the rest of the EU.'  
Brexit: Rees-Mogg tells May not to leave UK in 'perpetual purgatory' - Politics live  
Me for @BIUK:Theresa May's Cabinet customs row is irrelevant, it's the Brexit backstop that really matters 
"#Brexit is causing a great deal of disruption and uncertainty for EU citizens who've chosen to make #Scotland their home. Many of them are young people. Around 1 in 6 EU citizens in Scotland are aged 16 or younger" - @FionaHyslop at @EdinburghUni's @MERH2018 #MERH2018 
.@GaryLineker hits the back of the net yet again as he publicly backs a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
With such pro brexit #BBCbias I’m not surprised that the today programme has lost so many listenersHumphrys needs to be sacked, as dies the producerI’m one of those 65000 
Who should have the most say on Brexit and YOUR future?> Hungarian-American George Soros> New York based millionaire and failed politician David Miliband> The British electorate  
Unless you studied EU Law DIRECTLY from the treaties and laws themselves, then all the information you had in 2016 was someone telling you *their* EU "facts".We're all vulnerable to influence, but in October, you'll be able to see the Brexit deal for yourself in Black'n'white.  
It’s called political survival. If they don’t deliver #Brexit, the voters will punish them at the next election and what happened to Labour in Scotland will sweep south. Loyalty to their voters- check it out...  
See, what did I tell you? We're beginning to see the word crisis pop up here and there. Soon it will be prolific, and soon after that you'll never see the word Brexit without the word crisis attached. 
Lords vote UK air, water & habitats standards remain protected by institutions & EU principles -15th Government defeat after customs union, the Irish border & removing the precise date of Brexit 29.3.19. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Deal to protect UK 
'People voted for Brexit, NOT purgatory' – FURY as UK may STAY in customs union until 2021. Two days ago May was begging the people to trust her, to give her a chance. Two days later she´s back betraying them again. Enough. Kick her out no more begging.  
People have asked us if the UK is heading for a ‘soft Brexit’ in Defence.We’re not, we’re heading for ‘No Brexit’ in Defence.The current proposal scripted by Cabinet Office and Foreign Office means the EU gains greater power over UK Defence than was seen before the Brexit vote. 
We voted to leave in 2016 its now may 2018 & we are still being conned out of our Vote ...NO half measures WE voted for full BREXIT..Incompetent is an understatement for this PM.. 
Excellent resource on #Brexit with links to studies, statements, quotes and organisations :  
Busy day today in Wales discussing impact of Brexit on farming & food industry, meeting local businesses & communities. Ending with the privilege of delivering the Keir Hardie memorial lecture in Merthyr Tydfil tonight. 
Will the latest Scottish Conservative betrayal towards the people of Scotland on the Brexit Bill now witness wipeout for the Tories in Scotland? Wil history repeat itself in 1997 the Tories were wiped out in Scotland after standing against devolution 
Brexit is the best chance we have to reform the UK in generations & we can’t waste this great opportunity. The EU has ruled the country for decades making decisions & laws in the interests of the EU not the UK. Now we can make decision based on what is best for our country  
Fwiw, a lot of the foreign press couldn't get visas or accreditation to Burundi to be here to cover the constitutional referendum today. So I will try to do my best to give you notes in real time from the ground while I also report for tonight's story. 
On Saturday I'll be voting for @JanetDaby to be our next Labour MP for Lewisham East. She's a committed trade unionist who understands how a Tory hard Brexit will hurt working people, and will continue Heidi's work fighting it in Parliament  
EU staff make a vital contribution to the UK's universities, as highlighted by #BrightestMinds. 35,920 academic staff & 13,610 professional services staff at UK universities are from other EU countries. For our latest position statement on #Brexit, see  
Last Irish Times poll before Seanad Referendum: Yes 44 No 27. Result of Seanad referendum: Yes 48 No 52Last Irish Time poll before #8thref:Yes 44 No 32..... 
Spend 2 minutes and 17 seconds to watch this then tell me not a single job will be lost @jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP @Keir_Starmer @UKLabour #PCPEU. Your failure to oppose Brexit means this is on you as much as it is on @Conservatives 
Britain will reportedly tell EU it is prepared to stay tied to customs union beyond 2021 | Jacob Rees-Mogg warns against 'perpetual Brexit purgatory' | Brussels slows Brexit talks after Lords’ attempts to wreck Brexit plans | Labour renews Brexit confusion  
"Yhis is the moment ‘constructive ambiguity’ has to come to an end, that we get to see what Jeremy really wants from Brexit"  
agreed. imagine all the stuff our parliament could have dealt with if Brexit wasn't an issue.  
‘You won’t avert a hard Brexit until you face down the intolerance that is driving it.’  
Had dinner with a friend not seen for ages last night. On #Brexit, he said the information was poor or non-existent and he made up his mind in the polling booth. He voted Leave. He knows the EU isn’t perfect. He’s a #RemainerNow. #PeoplesVote 
Good morning from Burundi, where there's a national referendum on changing the Constitution. Supporters say it will make government more efficient. Critics say it gives the president near-total control. "Yatoye" on means that you voted. Later, more on why that's important.  
Theresa May and her Tories voted to block the public seeing records that expose the scale of the Cabinet's Brexit war over her customs plans. Papers, presentations and economic analysis all exist but the Tories have whipped their vote to avoid scrutiny... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
So when the political, progressive media and financial establishment get their way & Brexit is effectively cancelled, what will happen? Tories, Labour, Lib Dems (& Lords) all culpable. Will millions simply not bother to vote again? I fear that will be the outcome. Democracy dies. 
This next week is going to be vile, filled with lies and shoutyness as No camp go full Trump/Brexit knowing they have nothing to lose.I want a progressive Ireland where medical decisions related to my pregnant wife are not tied by pseudo-religious dogma.Trust women.#men4yes 
Tory MPs voted last night to hide papers from the public that would expose their Brexit war.This comes 3 weeks after they voted to keep secret from the public documents which evidence how the windrush scandal was allowed to occur including PM’s involvement  
They sold us £350m a week more for the NHS- We’re getting privatisationThey sold us hi-tech solutions to the Irish border- The technology doesn’t even existThey sold us better trade deals by going it alone- We’re getting chlorinated chickenTime to come clean on Brexit  
I don’t want a second referendum, I want an honest one. 
Poll: do you support a second referendum on #Brexit. Please vote and retweet 
If you’re in favour of repeal, please get involved in your local canvassing group in this last week. Face to face conversations are the only way to ensure people understand all the implications of this referendum  
‘The head of the trade body representing Britain’s leading manufacturing companies has warned that the UK-EU customs plan favoured by Eurosceptic ministers such as foreign secretary Boris Johnson for after Brexit is “pie in the sky”.’  
After #brexit "We need a powerful environment watchdog that can speak up for our nature and countryside and hold the government and public bodies to account.”  
So you can nationalise an industry as a member of the EU John? So all your guff about needing Brexit in order to carry your nationalisation programme was in fact guff!  
THERESA May has told MPs she can disregard Holyrood’s refusal to give her Brexit bill consent, as “it was the democratic will of the Scottish people to remain in the United Kingdom” in 2014.We are not equal in this Union#YouYesYet 
Yup. This is more than likely. They’ve gone from ‘Ruth’s Scottish Tories’ to ‘Theresa’s hard Brexit, devolution threatening, lobby fodder Tories’.  
Adam Tompkins is not stupid.  He knows that no one can ‘make a success of #Brexit”.  Every respectable analysis, including those from @GovUK itself,  shows the damage that will be done by any #Brexit.  And he knows that too…  
There should be no change to the Constitution to allow dual citizens in parliament. High Court rightly ruled me out for not complying with Section 44. My error.No politician should have an allegiance or rights in another countryAustralians would rightly reject this referendum  
Here’s the latest episode of Anger Management...  and it was an absolute pleasure to talk to @GaryLineker about Brexit, British politics, identity, FIFA, the World Cup and much, much more. I hope you enjoy the show.   
So now we're staying in CU beyond 2021. The reason for the turnabout is that Brexit is  simply unworkable. We try to fudge it but we can't leave leave and retain same prosperity. Why drag out the agony? Drop Brexit now and cut our losses. #PeoplesVote 
Brussels is stalling in Brexit talks because of a bunch of unelected political cronies abusing their power as parliament’s second chamber to emasculate parliamentary sovereignty, damaging a negotiation vital to our national interest. Disgusting.  
Is Brexit really a big deal for small businesses?Femi visited a small business in Cowbridge, South Wales, to see how the owner felt. (@ThePencilCaseCo @Sally_CF71) 
“Brexit Britain has Closed to Foreigners”. Very good FT article by Philip Stephens.The sad truth is that the @Conservatives are driving the country into the dark ages. There must be another way to #StopBrexit and get out of this ideologically driven political model. 
The Yanny / Laurel debate is a metaphor for the current state of divisiveness in Britain. A country that is split in two by only hearing one thing and then completely refusing to recognise that the other half hear things differently.#yanny #laurel #brexit 
Cracking spin effort from the ‘UK Brexit team’ here. Despite the fact our Cabinet can’t agree among themselves and haven’t even put any proposals to the EU about what we want, it’s Brussels that is stalling the talks!   
You know the @CONservatives have lost it because they are more concerned with what @UKLabour are doing. The way they’re going on anyone would think Labour is in Government. We will be after the next GE! For now, remember: Tories, with DUP, have a Maj. #Brexit is theirs. 
From Brexit to the economy, the establishment has been gripped by a new culture of declinism  
Only a fool abuses his tools and then expects to be able to rely on them.And calling it a #PeoplesVote to try to hide the fact that it's just a second referendum—how stupid do they think people are? 
The US contributed to #Iran’s stronghold in #Iraq. US failing to acknowledge Kurdistan’s referendum was a big mistake. The gamble in #Iraq amounted to a huge loss for the US. Sounds like US may have some regrets. #Kurds have always been our faithful ally. #Kurdistan is NOT Iraq 
Another #brexit casualty, everyone. German humour now officially outranks British.  
We're going to march for a #PeoplesVote on June 23 to demand that the people have a say on the final Brexit deal - will you join us?  @peoplesvote_uk 
Coming up on BBC Kent Radio in the next 10 mins, chatting with an academic who wants a 2nd EU Referendum.to re-fighting the referendumto planning for Britains post Brexit future  
Many with the #FBPE tag would like to see a left wing government but we believe that #brexit is the defining issue. We know that #Brexit is and will continue to hurt the most vulnerable in society. This is why we attack Labours stance on the issue. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Foreign correspondents to follow for today's #Burundi referendum:............(They've pretty much all been refused entry)#BurundiReferendum 
Time for the courts to put an injunction on brexit, and suspend the referendum result until investigations into criminal interference and perversion of the course of democracy are concluded.Some convictions, at the highest level if necessary, are needed in order to extol the rot. 
Good luck to Italy. They will need it once the EU bully boys launch their economic warfare as they did to poor Greece!#Quitaly#brexit #fbpe 
Nazi Nigel playing the antisemitism card. #StopBrexit #brexit #FBPE 
In defence of the House of Lords on Brexit - ‘we are not a registry office for Mr Paul Dacre, Mr Jacob Rees-Mogg & Mr Nigel Farage’. My speech in the Lords yesterday on final stage of EU Withdrawal Bill:  
Theresa May suffers a 15th and final defeat in the House of Lords on her key Brexit law  
UK manufacturers attack the Max Fac customs plan favoured by Tory #Brexit hardliners as "pie in the sky".  #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The 15th government defeat came on the issue of environmental protection standards after Brexit.#thankthelords 
And yet, in 2017, one year after the Brexit vote, it was 21 SNP MPs who were "wiped out" as the SNP lost a record 476867 votes in a single election while Scottish Conservatives led by @RuthDavidsonMSP secured 13 MPs and 323852 additional voters. Direction of travel clear. 
Have you been reading Goebbels? You would, I'm sure, approve of his words after a Nazi referendum victory in 1933.  
Sajid Javid has ‘not sufficiently addressed’ flaws with Brexit EU citizens register, says Guy Verhofstadt  
This is exhausting!  Can we bring impeachment in the form of a referendum & allow the citizens to vote to impeach Trump & hold a special election to replace him?  
Brexit secretary David Davis has thrown the Prime Minister’s favoured ‘customs partnership’ into doubt, claiming it could, in fact, be illegal according to international law, as he backs a clean Brexit instead.  via @BreitbartNews 
For the first time since the Sep. 25 Kurdistan independence referendum, US Envoy Brett McGurk met with former Kurdistan Region President Masoud Barzani. #TwitterKurds #IraqiElections2018 @MPPregent @eqanbar @BHL 
Terrific to catch up yesterday with the new @AusHCUK The Hon George Brandis QC and discuss our #Catalyst programmes, #Brexit, #FutureFTA and deepening business links. 
Brexit Britain has closed to foreigners  
How can any #Remainer still want to be associated with such a #bullying organisation ?#Brexit means that the UK had the scruples to take a stand against tyranny once again. We are a proud nation with righteousness on our side. 
Nick Griffin wasn't the only White Nationalist who praised Louise Mensch's Heat Street article defending Neo Nazi Thomas Mair after he murdered MP Jo Cox during the EU referendum. Here is White Nationalist, Stefan Molyneux and...  
Cabinet sources insist “nothing has changed,” as Lords inflict 15th defeat on government over EU withdrawal bill. #Brexit  
Benedict Cumberbatch to star in #Brexit drama for U.K.'s Channel 4  
In the meantime the problems just mount up for Brexit.Legalities impacting Max Fac etcWTO objections not yet formerly voicedQuotasNI borderEU Parliamentary approvalTimeLegality of the referendumTechnical challengesThe list is endless#FBPE 
EU are trying to make #Brexit difficult.Two can play at that game.Let's make life difficult for the EU.Let's stop buying goods from the EU.Let's #BuyBritish instead.That will hit hard the economiesof those EU countries who will do anything to keep the UK in the EU.  
obama spied on angela merkel, benjamin netanyahu, david cameron (brexit),egypts el-Sisi, francis hollande, sharyl attkisson, james rosen, TeaParty groups,.. obama spied on EVERYONE 
The idea of governor is itself dubious & a colonial practice. Non-Hindi states should have the right to create their own constitutions.  Peurto Ricans have American passport but have their own constitution and also have referendum rights.  Hindi empire rules us like slave class  
Here is the data to prove it too, which have been replicated by numerous researchers across universities. Also, one on brexit showing the same thing.  
Brexit: not even at the starting gate - If Mrs May genuinely thinks customs union rules are going to get her out of the hole she has dug for herself, she has reached the nadir of comprehension. She has learned nothing and knows nothing...  #Brexinfo . 
Economics didn't bring us here. The US could have the same level of "socialism" that the UK has tomorrow. The UK's white racism still led to Brexit. And white racism would still be the biggest problem for POC in a "socialist" US.  
So no change to the BBC’s policy that anyone who supports Brexit must always be outnumbered on the panel by 4(5) -1. What a disgraceful bunch the BBC are.  
Yeah baby! Let's do a referendum! I'll fly home if I have to just to vote on that. In case you're wondering, my vote is NO to Monarchy.No to Cinderella, no to Snow White, no to Sleeping Beauty. No more kings, no more castles!  
During her Brexit campaign Louise Mensch amplified Neo Nazi accounts like this one RedCoat. Louise used White Nationalist accts who were conduits for her #VoteLeave xenophobic populism which was the weapon Brexiteers used to sway voters. Trump did the same. 
During her Brexit campaign, Louise Mensch RT the same (now banned) Hate Groups as Trump has because Neo Nazis spread the Bexit campaign fear mongering.  If you endorseLouise as a hero & a leader & ignore her vile racist ideology, you are no different than a Trump apologist.  
The way things are going with foreign direct investment (FDI) into Britain  the Government will be lucky to get 30 pence. FDI shrank by 90 percent to £14.3 billion last year. There isn't a cat in hells chance of them getting £30 billion. Brexit is madness. #StopBrexit 
BREAKING - Tory and Labour leaders reach agreement on a common environment policy.In a joint statement, Prime Minister May and “opposition leader” Corbyn confirmed that their post-#Brexit policy will be to insist that busines owners to switch the lights off as they leave the UK 
#BREAKING: The Committee on Electoral Matters has called for a referendum to amend section 44 of the Constitution and end the ban on dual citizens serving in parliament. MORE:  
Brexit:  To Be or Not to Be...They need a Donald Trump. MAGA 
What is left to agree in the Brexit Treaty?  
The #AIQ repository titled "Brexit-sync-master" built to process customized #VoteLeave data: Including Vote Leave website custom audiences - primed by AIQ to enable the 'separate' Vote Leave and #BeLeave campaigns to target the same people on Facebook... 
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. Sign & RT:  
Brexit: Lawyers are checking to see if Theresa May's plans for trade with the EU after Brexit are even legal.They activated Article 50 and still don’t even know if their trade plans are legal. What a shambles. Just #StopBrexit and #Remain. 
This is essentially now a parliamentary scandal which is many orders of magnitude larger than the expenses scandal - which was kid's stuff by comparison. Parliament should now intervene, stop "brexit" at once, and ask the Police to investigate Johnson and Gove for electoral crime 
Analysis of #Burundi's referendum tomorrow from brilliant @JosefKorbel postdoc @YolandeBouka: Burundi votes tomorrow on controversial constitutional amendments. A lot is at stake.  @UofDenver 
Thank you Jeremy Corbyn for offering us the choice of being pushed off the #Brexit cliff by caring  Labour hands rather than roughly thrown off it by those nasty Tories.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Saoirse Ronan about the abortion referendum that is taking place in Ireland on the 25th of May.  
Don’t worry about the millions of jobs lost through Brexit, at least we’ll have nationalised rail services. Whatever benefit that may give.  
Pro-Brexit campaign groups, BeLeave & Boris Johnson's Vote Leave, have been shown to have colluded during the EU referendum. They used identical datasets to target potential adverts at Facebook users...in addition to a transfer of a huge sum of money! #BrexitCheating #StopBrexit 
BREXIT  
How much is this unnecessary referendum costing? Not to mention the #citizensassembly and #8Committee - convenient but very  expensive distraction from the real priorities such as health and housing @SimonHarrisTD #votenotoabortion 
THE END OF THE MONSTER THREAD ON #Rosneft  Please share with investigative journalists etc. @AlexandraChalup @annmarlowe @brexit_sham @Billbrowder @PreetBharara @counterchekist @dcpoll @funder @Khanoisseur @MichaelAvenatti @USseriously @JamesFourM @leahmcelrath 
Thank you to those Peers prepared to stand up for wildlife and environmental regulation.  The EU has been the strongest environmental watchdog we've ever had. We ignore this aspect of Brexit at our peril.   
The government needs to get a grip on Brexit. The people of Britain expect certainty of arrangement- not endless transition and negotiation. Party activists, members and voters are losing their patience very rapidly. The country at large expected an end to the debate long ago. 
The Government has 2 options:1 Remain in the Customs Union for the time being, not sign global free trade deals and remain a member of the Little Europeans Club...or2 Call the EU's bluff on the non issue of the Irish border and walk away. Pick this one#Brexit #CustomsUnion 
To Mrs. May:Never forget the people put you there and can remove you via the ballot box. You dare to betray us on Brexit and your political career is over. Simple as 
EXC: Brexit talks stalling because of unelected Lords exit law amendments | Front-line UK negotiators have reported back that  EU counterparts are stonewalling until they see if 15 changes that rip up the UK’s Brexit policy are supported by MPs. Story:  
This is an absolutely brilliant thread. But it also illustrates very well what I think are two great tragedies of the Brexit debate. Can you figure out what they are?  
There you go again a Steve. Facts. Facts and figures. You must understand the Brexit cultists regard these at best as herecy. Asking them to understand facts and do maths is as anathema as asking the PM to understand humans. 
You’ll know this guy as the ‘unfunny one off the BBC panel shows’.As a BBC regular he is of course pro-EU and even helped launch the latest anti-Brexit campaign.It was the funniest thing he has ever done!   
Lords defeat Govt on 15 Brexit bill amendments. Unelected Lords love unelected EU commission, no surprise. Their end goal is to stop Brexit, they are acting as a branch of Brussels HQ. Time for the people to take back control and reform the Lords. 
This is madness. Staying in a full-blown customs union but being outside the Single Mkt does absolutely squat diddly abt the Irish border but does prevent the UK moving on from Brexit by doing its own trade deals. It means we'll still be debating this nonsense after GE2022. Nuts.  
Don't you think those trying to push through #Brexit must be reaching a state of mind now where they are just like: "what's the point?!" By this stage EVERYONE knows it's bad for the country. The task is now damage limitation. The majority don't want it. It is political suicide! 
.The choice was made at the polls...Or... then again, was it...??Some answers to the question... "What ever happened to that BREXIT deal...??"  
No Bets Please, We’re British!Brussels on Red Alert...“Italy were already fancied to be the next country to exit EU at 9/4 & recent coalition talks have only extended their lead at the front of the queue to 6/4.”Ok, Great - Next!#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Britain joining European political union will be "the end of a thousand years of history" - Hugh Gaitskell, Labour leader, 1962 #Brexit is a correction of this aberration. And long due?  
Lawyers are checking to see if Theresa May's plans for trade with the EU after Brexit are even legal  
Brexit about widening the gap between rich & poor to the extent Jacob Rees-Mogg doesn’t have to see them ever again.  
I'm suddenly confident that everything will be OK on the @BorderIrish after all. You see, people who run businesses along it don't really understand it, but people who write columns for the Telegraph and Spectator do. Especially if they've never been in Ireland. #Brexit 
I wondered when the final“fuck you Brexit dreamers, we are the elite, we control you, we tell you what to do & this Brexit thing won’t happen” moment would arrive. Well it was coming & here it is #BRINO #whydidweevenbotherdreamingwecouldbeattheelites 
Nothing to see here  #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytics #VoteLeave #BeLeave 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Now that Gammon have established themselves as a demographic Murdoch is missing a trick. Time for a Gammon Channel where Gammon can relax and shout along with Brexit racist abuse.  
This sounds crazy, but we could be about to crash out of Europe on the result of a stolen referendum.Leave campaign CHEATED to win the Brexit vote.Time for Britain to hold a fair vote that really represents the ‘will of the people'. SIGN then RETWEET  ... 
It's time for the Tory Brexiteers to put their money where their mouth is & fight the Brexit cause with zeal & determination & put in a concerted challenge for the leadership sooner rather than later. 
If this breaking news is true &  Theresa May has sold 17.4 million people out, who voted Brexit, by her commiting the UK to the Customs Union beyond 2021, the Tories will lose the 2022 GE.  
Another evening, another #Brexit-bashing report from @faisalislam on Sky.Not too much time spent on the good news, always seeking out the scaremongering.317 days to go until freedom, then he can get back to mere govt-bashing. 
Brexit is corrupt beyond belief.Shame on you.On your head be it when ordinary people suffer the consequences of this self-serving selfish Brexit-for-the-rich.You will break Britain. It’s disgusting and utterly absurd that you will heap more misery on people.#StopBrexit 
Lords have defeated the government 15 times.Scottish Parliament does not give consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill.Conservatives are failing the people of Britain with poor Brexit negotiations.We need another government to negotiate immediately - time for a snap election. 
I watched him say that on film clip - I was really shocked - pulled me up sharp - the day I rumbled him.  Went from really liking him to absolutely detesting him - He has no credibility left with me.  it was soon after the Referendum - I listened in disbelief  
Lords inflict 15th defeat on government over EU withdrawal bill - this time bolstering environmental protection.  The Tory's Brexit is in complete tatters! 
Ask yourself the question: How would you have reacted on this "advisory" referendum if Remain had won by 52% but despite winning, Cameron decided because of incessant chatter from Farage and his gang that he was going to do a #brexit anyway?  
As part of her first week of meetings and engagements in London, this evening West Tyrone MP .@ÓrfhlaithBegley accompanied .@M_AndersonSF MEP to a Guardian Live Debate on Brexit. The solution to avoid a hard border is clear, the North needs Designated Special Status now.  
#skypapers Kick Kevin rolling eyes  Maguire backside as usual Andrew Pierce. Only one on Skypapers tonight talking sense you. Labour Maguire be talking usual bollocks. Donald Trump bashing & Brexit bashing. That’s it every program he’s on. Get him off TV hopeless journalist. 
8 Post Brexit UK could abolish the remaining tariffs, for a modest consumer saving of 11 cents/kg. That would likely have a significant further negative impact on Caribbean Commonwealth States though. It's a choice between freer trade and historic links. 
Lords defeats government for the 15th time to back EU eco-standards after Brexit  
No one could have possibly got the impression the UK would be in the Single Market like Norway is after Brexit. #Sarcasm 
EXCLUSIVE Britain to tell Brussels it is prepared to stay tied to Customs Union beyond 2021 after Brexit War Cabinet reaches agreement over new Irish backstop  
93 Scottish MSP's are too thick to understand #Brexit  Wake up Scotland! 
Yest another defeat for the Brexit fundamentalist by the grown ups in the House of Lords. At least someone in Parliament has the "balls" to stand up against the Brexit Bullies. #StopBrexit 
The #Gammon slur epitomises how completely new, London-centric Labour hates traditional, #Brexit voting LabourThese 3 leading propagandists find it absolutely hilarious to mock middle-aged, tabloid-reading, white, male BrexiteersNot the best move is it? #LabourFail 
Yup - and EU state aid rules are not an issue. So let’s ditch Brexit, stay in the EU - and renationalise core services within a stable, progressive framework.   
You voted for Brexit?! #EndaRelationshipInFourWords 
If we had any sense we would just cancel BREXIT. Sorry it was a mistake. Just do it. We'll get over it.. If we don't get some sense and cancel it, we will be faced with years of slow decline and bad feeling.. That is not what we need in the U.K. Stop Brexit..  
*extremely green day voice* wake me up when the referendum ends 
My last public event before the referendum take place in #Waterford @TowerHotel tomorrow evening. I'll be speaking with @Colmogorman @TaraFlynn and Dr. Peter Boylan at the event organised by @JohnHalligan #Together4Yes #Repealthe8th #StopPunishingTragedy 
"The cross-party amendment backed by peers is designed to ensure EU environmental principles continue to have a basis in domestic law at the end of the post-Brexit transition period in December 2020"Well done! HoC should learn from HoL!#Brexitshambles 
Poll: Do you agree Uk continue to be part of Costoms Union after #Brexit?vote and retweet for a big sample please 
Countdown:  Brexit: 317 days, 1 hour, 40 minutes, 5 seconds 
The REAL QUESTIONS now are, who was responsible for this coordination? Who knew and who colluded in the cover up? As with Watergate, this now goes to the heart of a government attempting to impose its will on a deceived electorate. 2 of 2 
This is IMPORTANT - In a devastating blow to the Leave campaigns, it's no longer a question IF there was coordination; there demonstrably was. 1 of 2 
BREXIT: Theresa May suffers 15th and final defeat to Brexit Bill amid angry clashes in the Lords /#EU #Brexit  
Vote against leaving the Customs Union and you're voting to frustrate Brexit. It's time some MPs dropped the pretence of "accepting the referendum result" and came clean about their intentions.  
This is how insane the politics of the Uk and Brexit now are.We have the leading common sense person of the governing party asking the opposition to do their job properly.This is. Not. Normal!#StopBrexit#FinalSayForAll 
My Video Diary.On the need for an Irish Unity Referendum & starting a conversation about the shape of a new agreed, united Ireland.  
Joining the Common Market (EEC/EU)is an 'economic arrangement' and has no "essential loss of national sovereignty"  - Edward Heath, 1972This is the first lie, the primordial untruth. And more sinister than any 'lie' of the last couple of years.#Brexit  
If we've gone from "sunlit uplands" and "no downsides, only considerable upsides" to, "well at least a banana might be 1p cheaper" I think now is the time to admit that Brexit is a joke. 
To be frank, it's not Labour that is enabling Brexit but people like you that insist on trying to shove the Eu Ref toothpaste back into the tube. You can only break Brexit by changing our society both socially & economically and you are not going to do that-so here comes Brexit.  
I'm telling you right now:The November 2018 elections are going to be a referendum on illegal aliens. I choose black, white, and brown American citizens over illegal aliens.I pledge to vote on Tuesday, November 6th, 2018 for Republicans.#WednesdayWisdom 
Ironically, EU was sued by the US for the tariff/quotas preferences it extended to ACP countries (former British colonies esp) on banana imports -which are at record-breaking levels in UK- and said ACP countries are quite concerned by #Brexit in this space  
Leave voter Mick Jagger urges the Prime Minister to come to a 'fast resolution' on #Brexit.May can't get no.. resolution?  
Brexit is dead, it’s official!  A room of 60 OAPs in Devon has just cheered and clapped a throwaway proEU remark at my jazz club. And I thought they were leavers! #StopBrexit #fbpe #WATON 
(Here's the FT from a year or two ago, on how much US big pharma hates the British NHS & intends to use post-Brexit 'trade deal' to their own benefit...  
Billionaire Trump donor, owner of Palantir, Peter Thiel has openly said he considers democracy to be incompatible with the kind of capitalism he and many on the Trump-Brexit Right want. One wonders how many of the others on the Trump-#Brexit right believe the same.#StopBrexit 
This great Chancer of the Exchequer said there would be 820,000 jobs LOST within 2 years of a Leave vote.At least 609,000 NEW jobs have been added to the British economy since the referendum vote in June 2016, per ONS.Oh, but there's still a month to go, #Brexit lies bla bla?  
Labour's Brexit sabotage DEFEATED: MPs vote down plot to reveal May's customs union plan  
Great to have @GaryLineker's backing for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
SNP Brexit power grab constitutional crisis is confected Nat hokum. (My latest for Reaction @reactionlife) 
"You need to be the ones coming forward saying that Labour has to build a better future for this party." To all the MPs coming forward against the government's Brexit mess which leaves our generation worse off: young people will thank you for standing up for us in parliament!!!  
If you want to understand Corbyn on Brexit, simples: go back 40+ years to Tony Benn's idea for a Commanding Heights refashioning of the UK economy behind very high protectionist walls keeping the rest of the world out 'until the UK economy is ready.' (Ready for - ?)  
EU fanatics are virtually begging Sinn Fein to return to violence over Brexit.Meanwhile, Sinn Fein MPs in Ireland’s Parliament are busy opposing the EU’s grab for the Irish military!You couldn’t make it up!   
the Brexit reverse dividend that will keep on costing  
Tories can run all they want but they can't hide - their #Brexit wheels are coming off!   
And we were told first 1/ Putin didn't interfere and then 2/ Didn't take sides. @J_amesp could have told you all this, and how they interfered on #Brexit too, a year ago on @Byline_Media 
Great to see more sensible Tory MPs (like Chelmsford’s @vickyford ) standing up to the headliners in the @Conservatives party and for the #GFA.  Vicky.So many leave voters who are #Remainernow are horrified that #brexit could threaten peace in Northern Ireland!#peoplesvote 
Here's the thing. If there's a 2nd referendum and the country votes against it, THAT would be actual democracy. "Will of the people"? Will of the uninformed more like. 
I am very often asked by Americans to explain Ireland’s concerns about #Brexit & its implications for the border in #Ireland. Here’s how I generally respond to such questions.  
Brexit reminds me of the anti-vaccination lot. One idiot kicks off an idea and it runs riot, impervious to facts. We then find out that what started it was BS but it's too late. The damage has been done. 
15 defeats in a row for May over Brexit. 23 months of total innaction. Maybe, just maybe, this is a terrible, terrible idea. 
Actually, the people are still on a 50/50 split about Brexit and therein lies the rub. Moreover, the people aren't going to get the facts on Brexit or anything as long as the Daily Mail and Murdoch's rags are pulling the strings.  
Interesting article from my constituent and friend @lembitopik Nothing could be less central to the Brexit debate than the Lib Dems right now  via @BrexitCentral 
There'd been plans to convert this former police station in Warrenpoint into a much-needed community centre.If it is instead used for a post-#Brexit #border 'facility' - for customs or security purposes - the symbolism would be too bloody crushingly obvious.#progress #peace 
There are good and generous people from all walks of life and all income brackets,Thankyou Anonymous Donor And absolutely everyone else contributing to this cause and all other Anti Brexit campaigns.Love you all #FBPE#stopbrexit 
Zuckerberg to come to Brussels, but not to London. A proof of London's lack of power outside the EU. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Lord Kinnock: currently about £35m per week less is available for our health services due to Brexit. You don't see that on any buses. #LCSMRally 
Theresa May has lost 15 votes in the Lords on #Brexit which means she should do the honourable thing and call a general election as she can not longer govern with any confidence in either house. 
Lord Kinnock doesn't mince his words as he rails against the Gov's hard Brexit plan & explains why he voted to stay in the European Economic Area to secure jobs, trade and investment in Britain #LCSMRally 
Brexit fast becoming a holiday which half the family didn’t want to go on and now the car is stuck in a traffic jam and mum and dad are arguing over the map 
Tory MPs just voted to hide papers that could expose their Brexit war 
Brexit is the defining issue of our generation, it will determine how we fund the NHS, education & all our public services. Jeremy Corbyn is lying to you about Brexit. Simple as that.  
Later independent unionist Lady Hermon asked Government to put redacted security briefing from chief constable of PSNI to Commons re New IRA - “dissidents who will exploit Brexit” 
Busy day today. The total number of recorded Brexit job losses has risen to 113,766. For details of them all, go to . 
We have a #SODEMaction exclusive! We managed to get our hands on the Government white paper on the #Brexit deal - it shows all the progress that has been made in the #Brexit negotiations so far - remember - you saw it here first! #BatshitBrexit #stopbrexit2018 pic.twitter.com/mhfE7I8V5u 
Why does it take a nationwide referendum (twice) for the Welsh Parliament to be granted powers, but none for them to be taken away?#powergrab 
Fascinating article from former Lib Dem MP @lembitopik on how the Lib Dems have condemned themselves to complete political irrelevance by refusing to accept the result of the referendum  
Italy finally wakes up from the EU NIGHTMARENew coalition demands £219bn EU debt WIPED & renegotiation of Italy’s EU budget contributions.Also creation of “economic and judicial procedures that allow member states to leave monetary union”.#Brexit #EU 
No, Jezza. Brexit itself is putting jobs at risk. If you weren't so hell bent on leaving the EU, SM, ECJ, EEA, and "the" CU for "a" CU, you might see that. But you're a diehard Leaver, so you won't.#FBPE 
Brexit is pointless. Reason screams stay in EU. The young, whose minds haven't been poisoned by 40 years of lies by Mail & Sun, know this. They'll take us back in but we'll lose our current opt-out privileges. That will be the only legacy of Brexit. The young won't forgive us. 
Today the British Secretary of State failed once again to clarify what criteria they apply to gauge opinion as to whether the threshold has been met for a unity referendum. The British government continue to deny Irish citizens the democratic right to have their say!  
I think they’re going to try to break up my functions and privatise me, selling off my functions to companies who’ll build warehouses and lorry parks ‘near’ the border, and to surveillance companies, and to private security firms. Capitalism + Morons = Brexit  
The Govt has today confirmed the #DoNoHarm duty will remain after Brexit. We wouldn’t have got this outcome without Peers from across the House & a coalition of 64 health organisations working together to protect the public's health. @FPH statement  
.@TasminaSheikh says Daniel Hannan’s only read the Penguin edition of the Wealth of Nations & from his simplistic contributions today it’s pretty clear @RossThomson_MP has confined himself to the Ladybird Guide to Adam Smith. #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Why has the govt NOW promised a #whitepaper on #Brexit some 2 YEARS after the #EUreferendum ? A As a smokescreen to mask its divisions?B To set out an impossible vision that is unacceptable to the EU, hoping people will then blame “Brussels” when it all goes pear shaped?C both 
I invite each one of you to join me in prayer for the people of Ireland, as they prepare for their monumental referendum May 25.  
The DUP member for Vauxhall should appreciate that #Brexit is driven by an English nationalism which cares nothing for Nothern Ireland, while most Remainers would be gladly rid of the poisonous interference of the DUP in British politics. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Can we deport Jamie Oliver after Brexit, please I beg 
UK government suffers new Brexit defeat as Lords demand environment safeguards Those pesky traitors in @HouseofLordsUK have been at it again, trying to protect us from the government. 
they are on every week to review tv. I didn't ask their positions on the referendum and they made no comment on it, merely the tv coverage of debates, as they talk about all the other items they're covering. Please, let's not contrive some sort of media bias out of this.  
The EU to press Theresa May for a clearer idea of her plans for Brexit  
Lords in fresh Brexit attack: Peers vote for UK to be tied to EU's environment rules  
So this is interesting. Two years on, and even after the full horror of #brexit has begun to dawn - not to mention the incompetent shit-show of the Tory cabinet - England would still vote to leave the EU.I say prepare the #indyref2 lifeboats, folks! 
Project Fear DEBUNKED: University boss admits Brexit claim was 'plucked out of the air'  
5 Qs that must be addressed as an urgent priority for #NorthernIreland #GFA @BelfastAgmt in the #Brexit negotations. Funnily enough, they are not about customs or trade. Nor can they be 'fixed' with technology.  
TM now has half the cabinet,  a growing number of Tory MPs, most Labour MPs, majority of Peers and all Lib Dems joining the Irish govt in saying her plans for a post-Brexit Irish border won’t work.  They might even be illegal. Government now completely paralysed #FBPE #Brexit 
Lords defeats government for the 15th time to back EU eco-standards after Brexit  
Time to #STOPBrexit as  Peers vote by a significant majority of 50 to say the government should set up a body to maintain EU standards of environmental protection after Brexit.  
May loses 15th Lords vote on Brexit bill as peers vote to keep EU environmental standards - Politics live  
“Casts shame on our democracy” says the MP who got elected in a leave voting constituency promising to honour the referendum result and support the PM (Tory manifesto = exit EU completely). Hypocrisy at its highest and a mockery of democracy! 
Whatever would we do without @MollyMEP and @catherinemep! They really are standing up for us on Brexit.  
#BBC Business: #Sterling sinks amid new fears about #Brexit.No it doesn't...it falls very slightly mainly because the dollar has strengthened. Falls! Not sinks, not plummets not dives...it falls.  
Yet again the Tories claim that we are too stupid to understand the complexities of #Brexit. I'd say that it is @Conservatives who are too stupid to understand what Scotland needs & desiresDavid Mundell claims Brexit Bill is too 'technical' for MSPs  
You know when ppl voted Brexit b/c of the threat of Turkey joining the EU and the UK becoming inundated with Turks? Well the PM is in talks with Turkish PM for trade deal which he says will only happen if free movement of ppl, oh dear, #ironyoverload 
Breaking news: Huge thanks to the 294 lords who believe our #environment deserves proper protection after #Brexit. Today's debate brings environmental principles (and the demand for a watchdog to enforce them) into the #WithdrawalBill. Great outcome! 
Peter Grant - "The company's delusional directors drove Carillion off a cliff & then blamed everybody but themselves." I hope the PM has registered that remark for royalties because it's going to be used a lot in the future to describe the cabinets handling of #Brexit#FBPE 
The government has just been defeated in the House of Lords who voted 294-244 to ensure environmental protections in the #EUWithdrawalBill are maintained and enforced after Brexit  
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna compares Brexit to making a purchase on a house - you wouldn't go through the purchase if the survey showed it had poor foundations & wasn't what you were sold. Please RT:  
So the lords have done it again. Yet another vote against brexit and the government. This isn´t politics, this is globalism at its worst . Do these wreaking old farts think they are going to get 300 pounds per day when Britain is a Muslim nation. Just what is their game? 
Considering John Bolton operated PAC's for the US Election, seems significant he was in London the night of the Brexit vote @thespybrief@LouiseMensch@WendySiegelman@carolecadwalla@JamesFourM@TheRickWilson 
The British people are being treated with utter contempt: #Brexit reneged on, #freespeech shutdown, war on our streets & now the Lords petition ignored. If the government wants a civil war, it's going the right way about it. 
Big Brexit news across the pond, what @SenWhitehouse kind of hinted at during #WylieHearing is that Facebook seems to have provided more digital forensics that shows how Leave campaigns illegally coordinated, and digital traces prove it. 
DISGUSTING: Europhile Lords just defeated government on Brexit for 15th time, this time on environmental standards. They’ve shown absolutely no respect for democracy.   
Another serious #Brexit problem emerges only thanks to a leak...  
Peers in the House of Lords have voted in favour of an amendment to the EU withdrawal bill demanding environmental protections after Brexit including the creation of an environmental standards watchdog 
Nigel Farage - "In Hungary, Poland and Italy, political parties that are winning elections are saying we don’t want to be governed by unelected bureaucrats. "Remainers want us to stay part of something that is literally crumbling before our eyes.” #Brexit  
The cynical, deceptive and manipulative REFERENDUM agenda has been conceived and is being advanced by the NIS on behalf of the LOOTING Kikuyu ELITE and fake Kenyan 'DYNASTIES.' It's not genuine. Patriots must oppose it. We need and deserve SOCIAL JUSTICE. #BringMigunaHome 
Every day I see new revelations like this but nothing seems to be bringing a halt to this disaster called Brexit & it occurred to me despite all these incidents being uncovered nobody is challenging Brexit in the courts. When will someone challenge the referendum result in court? 
1 Yes, if we didn't have nodding dogs negotiating; as it is 'no deal' looks better.2 Furious MPs/civil servants are trying to scupper Brexit & engineer a worse outcome because they can't bear to be wrong.3 No one expects anything but juvenile sniping from Remainers like you.  
Spy camera footage spread by intelligence services of @JulianAssange in the current information war against his asylum. Here, a meeting between Assange, one of his lawyers, and the founding editor of Catalan newspaper ARA @OriolSoler on 9 Nov 2017 (after the referendum)  
Another Brexit defeat in the Lords, if the biggest democratic mandate in British electoral history is denied by a bunch of unelected political cronies abusing their power as parliament’s second chamber to emasculate parliamentary sovereignty, then watch the public’s rage explode. 
Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May to ‘step aside’ after her cringeworthy Brexit gaffe at PMQsBy @TheMendozaWoman #PMQs 
A very significant defeat for the Government. Peers from across the parties are demanding that serious environmental protection in the #Brexit process. It's time for Ministers to think again.  
BFE: On June 23rd 2018 there's only ONE PLACE you need to be! March with us for a #PeoplesVote on the Final Brexit Deal and MAKE HISTORY! Register your intention to march here:  and support the Crowdfunder here:   
Government remains on course to do absolutely f**k all about Brexit #PMQs 
This Raila referendum issue is selfish and we are not boarding. He should first amend the mind of this rogue regime to allow Miguna Miguna (@MigunaMiguna) into the country. FAKE HANDSHAKE! BETRAYER! 
he thought about voting no because of it. i assured him that she was a liar, and that this group had nothing to do with the referendum and not to listen to her again. i can only imagine how many other people this person has told exactly this. 
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
my uncle, who is special needs and attends a social group with other special needs people, told me today that the group administrator told him there would be no more group if he voted yes in the referendum. he was scared he would lose his outlet. 
IF THE PM DOESN'T WANT TO HARD BREXIT then make way for a REAL PATRIOT who puts our country and ppl 1ST  
My list continued, week by week chaos:-PM sets mutually incompatible customs tests, no progress on NI-Constitutional crisis with SP refusing consent-Thomson Reuters to move forex trading to Ireland-UK govmt announces White Paper on Brexit but not yet-Cabinet divisions deepen  
For those tempted to exhume, like Dracula from the grave, the Norway option as a Brexit model, heed the words of the Norwegian politician, Nikolai Astrup: "If you want to be run by Europe, feel free to join Norway in the European Economic Area." 
Maybe the European Parliament might like to investigate the procedures facing UK nationals who wish to stay in the EU after #Brexit, suggests the Home Secretary @sajidjavid in letter to @guyverhofstadt 
This applies equally to #Brexit  
The Scottish Parliament’s refusal to consent to PM’s EU Withdrawal Bill is the latest flashpoint in a 23-month-long stalemate over how devolution will work after #Brexit. These rows may flare up for years, chipping away at goodwill among UK nations 
I can see it now, It's July 15th, England vs Germany - World Cup final, 1-1 with 2 minutes to go. Long ball from Delph reaches Vardy... he scores! Runs over to the German fans, lifts up his shirt to display a message. 3 words, Brexit means Brexit. England are World Cup Champions  
Today Labour try to force the release of secret Brexit documents, but  @Keir_Starmer previously said the UK should 'not disclose' confidential Brexit issues  
“The right to abortion is essential to liberty. If a woman does not have dominion over her own body, then she is not a free person. Irish voters, please repeal the archaic, illiberal Eighth Amendment.”Brendan O’Neill on the Irish referendum  #repealthe8th 
Want to know what is at stake in Burundi’s referendum tomorrow? Here are some of our thoughts w/ @SJEastAfrica cc: @sie_center @womenalsoknow 
“Dear Radio 4, I have no wish whatsoever to hear people with knowledge and expertise saying things that might challenge my deeply-cherished but highly fragile delusions. In future, kindly ensure that all your guests share my views about British exceptionalism and Brexit.”  
Not enough attention has been devoted to Brexit’s impact on rights, particularly those of women and minority’s groups. On Sunday May 13th, women from across industries, of all ages, young and old stood together in solidarity to voice their concerns re human rights inBrexitBritain  
"Sticking together as a union,and a single market, makes us stronger" . Delighted to speak today about #Brexit with Karel de Gucht @IES_Brussels 
Last night the Scottish Conservatives isolated themselves by being the only party to vote for the #LCM on the #EUWithdrawalBill turning their backs on the Scottish Parliament, and on their own position on Clause 11 just a few months ago. The @ScotTories should be ashamed.#Brexit  
It’s not a bit awkward, Nick. It just normal Tory duplicity. You can’t trust a word they say because they’ll say something else when it suits them. After all, May promised ScotGov would be fully involved in Brexit negotiations. How’d that turn out? 
I love this quote on #Brexit by Rafael Behr: ‘Neither side will cherish May’s messy deal and, because it will be unloved in the country, few MPs will have much incentive to defend it. Brexit is the adopted child of a whole generation of politicians. It will be an orphan one day.’ 
Peers begin third reading of the EU Withdrawal Bill, which repeals the European Communities Act 1972 and writes EU law into UK law ahead of Brexit.Third reading is peers' final chance to force changes the bill before it passes back to the Commons. 
Nice try at deflection there. Remind me - who's job is it to deliver brexit? #ToryStooge #PMQs 
my mam just told me she’ll be voting yes in the upcoming referendum - a few months ago she was completely against it saying it’s wrong and cruel but she has taken that into account and realised it’s not about how she feels it’s about giving others a choice i’m so happy 
My question in #PMQs: devastating 90% drop in inward investment into UK from 2016-7 caused by profound market uncertainty after #Brexit. Urged PM to keep open mind on #EEA as only way to reverse this uncertainty. Garbled response but, interestingly, PM didn't dismiss #EEA Brexit.  
It was a pleasure to meet with Mr @sajidjavid today and I look forward to working with him closely in order to provide more certainty for both EU and UK citizens after Brexit. We agreed to work closely together to get this right.  
Indispensable preview of the forthcoming Brexit White Paper   
Remainers will do 'lasting damage to UK democracy' by blocking Brexit  
The forthcoming #Brexit White Paper - a Twitter User's Guide /1 
BREAKING NEWS: After proving her eminent suitability following two years of self-inflicted paralysis over Brexit, Theresa May is to be asked to host the next series of the Radio 4 programme 'I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue'. 
Only 24% want to remain in EU Customs Union. Public want Brexit without delay - no ifs or buts. Get on with it!Support Westmonster:  
The thing is, nobody seems to care about the gerrymandering, lying, cheating and plain illegality .... suddenly Brexit is going ahead regardless of cost, economy, personal misery for millions of people, job losses ... why? 
Finding 4, again this is how it is. As Pascal Lamy said during the referendum: Trade negotiations are not about love. The Special relationship does not apply here, they are about numbers, and our numbers are worse outside the EU.  
BBC’s Sarah Smith says The Scottish People don’t care much about Clause 11 and the Brexit BillLike it is of no interest to themIs she correct? @BBCScotlandNews 
Is there a process by which the referendum could be nullified? 
I have a 2 year old & my second child is due this weekend. 1 of my biggest motivations for opposing Brexit (& celebrating all the open minded former leave voters & abstainers that have changed their mind as we push for a #PeoplesVote) is to protect their futures! See you 23.6.18! 
So an actor who is openly anti-Brexit is portraying a prominent Leave supporting official in a docudrama produced by an organisation who did what-if dramas negatively portraying UKIP.Sigh!  
Bottle job from the British government in response to the petition calling for a referendum on the House of Lords. What else did we expect from our Parliamentarians? It's a cushty job for them when they get ousted from the Commons and get appointed by their mates.  
Brexit, an old aeroplane - "Good evening ladies and gentlemen, my name is Theresa May and I'm your captain. Sorry, I can't fly, I didn't want to fly, I don't know where we're going or how fast this thing can go, but trust me, it's going to be great!" #BrexitWasBrexit #StopBrexit 
Post-Brexit Britain could decline from “second in the world to 20th” in higher education and research if the inflow of academic talent is restricted and the nation exits EU research frameworks, @UCL president Michael Arthur has warned MPs 
BREXIT: Theresa May to unveil a 100 page dossier outlining her Brexit vision. Daily Mail readers reply...  
Still want to postpone the referendum? Are you prepared to take responsibility for the consequences? What will you say to the people of Scotland about the powers stripped from their Parliament while you dither? #Referendum2018 
Robert Noel CEO Land Securities - I've given up hoping for clarity on #brexit... it's going to be what it's going to be & we'll all muddle along. CNBC host - Do you agree brexit is a pig's ear?Robert Noel - I agree totally. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Delighted to welcome former MP Tom Elliott & the Fermanagh @uuponline association to Leinster House today for lunch, a tour & a chat about North/South relations post #Brexit  
Christ this is what they mean by 'democracy'?! Unless the 'significant leavers' - by which he confirms in the replies he basically means the Brexiteer elite - are happy, it won't be the end of the matter. Why hold a referendum, then? Just leave it to Lilico and his mates  
Very much looking forward to speaking in Stratford-upon-Avon on May 30th...On science, the NHS, Brexit and why we now need a #PeoplesVoteOrganised by @stratford4eu. Do come along if you can!  
"Before the referendum, people looked at me like an individual. I find myself now firmly in the migrant category."  
The EU will insist the military ties they’ve recently sealed with Whitehall must retain their authority over the UK in return for trade concessions.If only Whitehall hadn’t been playing the EU’s tune since the referendum, there’d be no such bargaining chip to use against us.  
Please @UKLabour, no more political game playing. If you think there is a Brexit deal which would be good for Britain say so. If you think it will be bad but you will do it anyway, say so. If you think it will be bad and it would be better to Remain, say so! 
New Brexit drama to be aired on Channel 4, written by a Remainer and overseen by their new director of programmes, ex-Newsnight, ex-Guardian @iankatz1000.We're sure it will be very impartial!   
You are right Andrew. I am totally anti-Brexit, but not for myself. I am 70, retired and mortgage free but I am beside myself with worry for my 6 grandchildren and the negative effect it will have on their lives. I dearly hope the young people of the UK March on the 23rd. 
Great morning with @lucyvsalek in #LewishamEast, meeting traders and shoppers in Catford. Very warm reception. Voters rightly concerned about knife crime, secondary schools and Labour’s support for Tory Brexit. Lucy would be a great MP, standing up for Lewisham on these issues.  
Appropriate in Mental Health Awareness Week to point out Brexit will have huge negative impact on nation’s mental health. Recession always does. MH funding gets hits hardest. Community fragmentation, churn and uncertainty. Loss of standing. Recipe for disaster 
My pledges for #LewishamEast (1) Campaign against hard Brexit (2) Tackle knife crime (3) Make the case for more affordable homes (4) Drive up school standards. Please RT.  
A perfect piece of govt spin swallowed whole and unquestioningly by the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation  
Customs Partnership is a Brexit Betrayal.  
"By investing in innovation & infrastructure & providing the right support for business we can help rural Scotland to build on its strengths, overcome challenges such as #Brexit & seize new opportunities." @ScotGovFM @NicolaSturgeon at #scotNEF2018 today→  
Mocking Corbyn's found May's Brexit weakness - my #PMQs video verdict is another win for Labour's leader 
May's pledge to help the 'left behind' is dead. While she is prime minister, society will have to tackle inequality on its own. “political class is so paralysed by Brexit that it is no longer capable of taking the decisive action needed on social mobility”  
Lords, politicians, and academics trying to re-fight the referendum are holding this country back! Time to move on and seize opportunities - embracing global free trade, control of our money and tax policy, a fair skills based immigration system & a democratic Britain  
"If the Prime Minister cannot negotiate a good deal for Britain, why doesn't she step aside and let Labour negotiate?"Corbyn criticises the government's Brexit negotiations, but May says "it is only the Conservative party that can be trusted by the British people."  
Brexit means Brexit 
The EU's backstop solution to the Irish border is the first domino that leads to soft Brexit  
The EU doesn't subjugate small member states, it empowers them. If you don't think that's true, take a look at the way Ireland is currently standing up to the UK over Brexit. Irish concerns have become European concerns. That gives Ireland leverage over London. 
British negotiators have made it very clear that the Rock is not on the table during Brexit talks  
Fake nurses, fake medics, fake ‘facts’, fake news, fake RTE news clips and now attempts to fake an official referendum booklet. No surprise there really. But it’s shameful carry on #ItsTime #VoteYes #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
Erdogan has charted the path down which May as an instinctive authoritarian would clearly like to follow. She has made it abundently clear that for her democracy, Parliament and the Courts are annoying obstacles to the business of government. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Can't run an immigration systemCan't sort out the trainsCan't staff the hospitalsCan't build a power stationCan't negotiate a BrexitTell me more about this "leading the world" of which you speak...   
.@JLongworthLML: "We are going through a new period of great reform known as Brexit, a process which will unleash the power of those advantages as we once again are able to control our own trade policy, embrace free markets and look across the globe."  
something wonderfully Brexit-retro about renaming East Coast Mainline as LNER, a brand last seen between 1923 and 1948  
Brexit at PMQs: Corbyn tells PM to 'step aside' and let Labour do deal - regardless on who does the deal, there needs to be a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal  
It's HQ time! Inspired by the popular quiz show app @HQtrivia, here's Adam Fleming with our #Brexit version. Don't click, it's just for fun!  
I’d be more thrilled about Corbyn questioning the Gov policies on Brexit if he wasn’t following them almost to the letter.Hypocrite 
Jeremy Corbyn mocks Theresa May over Brexit divisions in cabinet  
Tories: Scotland should lead the UK, not leave the UK.Scotland: Ok, well, we've had a chat about the Brexit Bill and...Tories: NOT LIKE THAT 
Professor Michael Arthur, who chairs the Russell Group’s EU advisory panel, confesses to the Brexit Select Committee that he ‘plucked out of the air’ his gloomy forecast on UK universities’ rankings. #projectfearcontinues 
When will @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn realise that, with their Great Brexit Delusion, they are creating a country in which we don't want to live? The past two years have shown that #Brexit is toxic; it will destroy any party associated with it. We need a #PeoplesVote 
The government is going to publish a white paper on what #Brexit means?FFS Why was this not done before the 2016 referendum?Even Scotland provided 670 page WP before indyref1The people need to know what they're voting for!#PeoplesVote#FinalSay@UKLabour@theresa_may 
Wonder if there might be a Scot in the @bbcquestiontime  line-up this week in light of unprecedented Brexit stand-off between Holyrood & Westminster? 
In fact, the by-elections are a threat to this beleaguered Government. For one thing, they are a referendum on Morrison’s Budget — and all indications so far suggest it will be as popular as syphilis LOL @davrosz  @IndependentAus 
Dear for-balance-brigade,This is not the Maastricht, Niece or Lisbon Treaty. This is a Referendum to remove an archaic line in the constitution that criminalises women’s healthcare needs. Allowing liars defend lying is not good enough.  
Scotland withholds consent. Lords force Commons vote on CU. Yesterday we learn UK would lose border poll in NI. Polls show populace think Brexit is a bad idea& they want 2nd referendum.Practically every political level of the system is now rejecting May's fudged #brexitshambles 
David Mundell claims Brexit Bill is too 'technical' for MSPs to understand  #Referendum2018 
Some alternative names for me if the Customs Union is renamed'The Line of Beauty''I Can't Believe It's Not Border''Oh Border Where Art Thou?''BorderIrish''Brexitbreaker''The Edge''Izzy''Molecular Distinction''Thwart''The Cat's Whiskers''The Dog's Brexit''Vestige' 
If we don't have internationally recognised nuclear safeguards in place before Brexit, we won't be able to move essential nuclear material for power stations or radioactive isotopes used in cancer treatment.Unfortunately, it looks like the government is falling behind schedule.  
•RULES FOR MEN BEFORE DURING AND AFTER THE REFERENDUM•1. Don't be dicks.2. If that's honestly not possible, delete your accounts regardless; we're really not interested any more. pic.twitter.com/rIzTFcCym6 
Why has BBCNews cut and edited this clip?? No context no nothing? What was Corbyn’s question? Is this PMQs? Prime Minister questions? Who’s negotiating Brexit? Who’s BBC holding to account?  
At #PMQs it's worth remembering the Tories aren't just fucking up Brexit, they've fucked up everything they've touched since taking office in 2010 
Public opinion in Northern Ireland appears to be moving towards the collapse of the union, says @stephenkb. Could Brexit lead to a united Ireland? 
Surely the Tories should have published a detailed White Paper about what leaving the EU would mean BEFORE holding a referendum on the subject. 
This is an absolute betrayal of the 17.4 million. A commitment from the Prime Minister to a future Customs Union is utterly unacceptable, and flies in the face of the Referendum. It is BRINO.  
#PMQs review: Jeremy Corbyn revelled in the Tories' Brexit divisions, writes @georgeeaton. “If the Prime Minister can't even convince her own cabinet on Brexit how can she convince 27 other EU countries?”  
Congratulations to @jeremycorbyn for your strong performance today at Prime Minister's Questions by attacking #TheresaMay for jeopardising British jobs with her hard #brexit. However the only jobs first #brexit is #NoBrexit. @Keir_Starmer #PMQs 
I've written a piece about Ireland's upcoming abortion referendum, providing some background and making the case for a YES vote:  
Our @Adamstoon1 is back @EveningStandard on the latest Brexit movie  
Erasmus+ has helped 600,000 people from UK to train, study or volunteer abroad for the last 30 years. But increasing gridlock over Brexit means it's being forgotten about. The Govt must make Erasmus+ a priority, especially for younger people and in areas such as Blackpool #PMQs 
Burundi gears up for a landmark referendum that could allow President Pierre Nkurunziza to stay in office until 2034  
So, to say the CTA existed pre-EU, therefore all will be fine post- is a nonsense. It would only apply if RoI were exiting at the same time as the UK. Post-#Brexit is the first time one country will be in the EU and one will not. How difficult is this to grasp? 
“Mr Corbyn at #PMQs went on Brexit yet again, he is quite getting the hang of this. He began with a strong first question….” @afneil goes back over exchanges #bbcdp 
As a constitutionally apolitical organisation, the Defence Forces is not, and can not, be involved in issues of a political or electoral nature, including the forthcoming Referendum on the Constitution. It is requested that this be respected. 
Looks as if I am about to vindicated over nationalisation of the East Coast franchise. Great news for taxpayers and the travelling public. If I weren’t also fighting Brexit, I would love to run the new state company 
We don't want the Norway option we want the No Brexit option.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Once again, Jeremy Corbyn excellent at #PMQs , once again, Theresa May refuses 2 answer a single question, no answer as 2 how many extra HMRC staff have been recruited to deal with #Brexit, as always, narrows her eyes & spits out vitriol, a despicable, disreputable, cowardly PM pic.twitter.com/T30XA0NjA6 
I'm hoping that remaining TV debates on the Referendum will be more respectful of the subject matter which is a deeply personal and difficult one for many people.#8thRef 
This month:Labour's Shadow International Development Minister has tweeted in support of a 2nd referendum. Labour's Shadow Brexit Secretary has refused to rule out labour supporting a 2nd referendum Labour Shadow Health Minister in the Lords voted for a 2nd referendum  
Ian Blackford of the #SNP: "Parliament of #Scotland voted against #Brexit".Nobody cares - you voted to stay in the #UK. You cannot have your cake and eat it. You stay in our nation, and you toe the line of our nation. You democratically rejected Independence. 
"As a constitutionally apolitical organisation, the Defence Forces is not, and can not, be involved in issues of a political or electoral nature, including the forthcoming Referendum on the Constitution. It is requested that this be respected. 
I doubt that’s true given that Brexit is dumb as fuck. pic.twitter.com/YqCZrvUO73 
when people have stopped talking about your app and keep banging on about less important things like brexit  
.@IanBlackfordMP skewers Theresa May at #PMQs over her blatant disrespect for the devolution settlement. @ScotParl rejects Brexit Bill, as do all Scottish parties bar the Tories. Time for Scottish Tories to stand up for Scotland, not simply be rubber stamps for Theresa May.  
The claims being made that the economy hasn’t yet been hurt by #Brexit are nonsense: 
Mr. Corbyn nailed it again, May has absolutely nothing to offer apart from when @UKLabour were in power or what JC said last week etc, she's ineffective, partisan, with no personality, charisma, charm, who's leading us to a #Brexit disaster, ffs May just go #PMQS 
Dear Auntie Beeb, this is PMQ’s and Jeremy Corbyn is asking questions that our useless PM can’t answer. Your take on it is “May attacks Corbyn over Brexit position”. You need to have a serious word with yourself. 
Corbyn Brexit jibes hit home: May’s seeking little friction in Tories, she formally divided the Cabinet & Cons negotiate with themselves. Labour has splits but Govt can’t persuade EU27 if it doesn’t know what it wants #PMQs 
Interesting that Corbyn went in so hard on Brexit for second week running - perhaps feeling some pressure from widespread internal wish to keep EEA option offered up by Lords... though some open goals too. 
Corbyn asks a question about Brexit and Theresa May brings up antisemitism. She still hasn't condemned Israel's massacre in Gaza. No wonder the Jewish board of deputies like the Tories.  #PMQs 
BLIMEY !Corbyn is on FIRE today #PMQsSocking it to the Tories on their handling of #Brexit - and the PM can only respond by lamely deflecting his question. 
Corbyn: There have been 23 months since the referendum. 10 months left. Govt in complete disarray.  Jobs are going elsewhere. If PM can't negotiate a good deal, why doesn't she step aside and let Labour negotiate? #PMQs 
Jeremy Corbyn asks how many businesses have warned the PM they might leave the UK following Brexit. Theresa May doesn't answer  
Another clear #pmqs win from Corbyn on Brexit: "If the prime minister can't even convince her own cabinet on Brexit how can she convince 27 other EU countries?" 
Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May are simply fighting over the politics of Brexit at #PMQs. The SNP are fighting for Scotland's place in the Single Market. 
Bloody hell! Corbyn is giving PM a quality grilling over Brexit right now.I hope this continues. Theresa May pointed out Labour MPs supporting #PeoplesVote and tried to get Corbyn to denounce it. Corbyn ignored. Excellent.  
Really good Q from Corbyn: How many additional HMRC staff recruited for Brexit prep? No answer from May, just fluff. 
Theresa May says #Brexit negotiations under Jeremy Corbyn would have seen Labour "sell Britain out" #PMQs 
What does the Cabinet say about Theresa May's preferred customs option?The Foreign Secretary says it’s “crazy”, the Environment Secretary says it’s “flawed” – and the Brexit Secretary thinks it’s “illegal” #PMQs 
WATCH | Car crash interview from @hbaldwin when asked about our post-Brexit immigration policy. This government is kicking the can down the road on the most important issue in the minds of the British people. Total shambles! #BBCDP #PMQs  
May's response when asked about the lack of preparation for Brexit is to highlight Labour's lack of preparation. Ridiculous response. Labour IS NOT responsible for the Brexit negotiations, it's only May's team around the negotiating table. Sort it out. #PMQs 
Telling how much more effective Corbyn's Brexit attacks are since he signed up to the customs union. Radical I know, but when you actually oppose govt policy it allows you to hold them to account rather easier. 
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn pokes fun at PM Theresa May over "friction" between ministers over #Brexit deal #PMQs 
Let’s be clear what is happening now:The British government is desperately trying to work round a #brexit solution that doesn’t mean the end of the UK.In other words brexit is viewed as a serious existential threat to the country.Put that on a bus.  
PM just asked @jeremycorbyn to rule out supporting a 2nd referendum. He wouldn't. #PMQs 
Corbyn starts with another Brexit zinger - when PM said she wanted frictionless arrangements, did she mean trade or the next Cabinet meeting? 
Dear young people of the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland. I'm a concerned father of a 21 yr old son & a 13 yr old daughter. In Brexit you've the most to lose & the longest to lose it for. If you're concerned for your future please join us on 23rd June in London 
And the only party north of the border resolved to ignore the settled will of the Scottish people on devolution, their vote to #Remain & the will of the Scottish Parliament #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
As the Tories lead the UK into Dante Alighieri’s #Brexit Inferno, a Scottish independence referendum is on the horizon. It will be won be Scots who aren’t ‘nationalists’. I’m not a nationalist. Choosing your own future, self-determination, is a fundamental human right #ScotRef 
Just one of the exciting post Brexit trade deals we can look forward to! So many opportunities! Thank you Brexiteers. #takingbackcontrol 
DISGRACE: Europhile Lords set to defeat government on Brexit vote for 15th time. Yet again making the case as to why the unelected chamber should be abolished.  
Rees-Mogg knows that in a closer relationship the USA will be the dominant partner. So his goal is to abandon our top-level status in the EU in return for a subordinate role vis-a-vis the USA. His talk of regaining sovereignty is therefore a lie. #Brexit 
The only person who could successfully debate Andrew Neil is Andrew Neil. He puts a better case than the people he questions on either side of the argument.Pay him whatever he wants and get him to negotiate Brexit.#bbcdp 
Christian Adams on Brexit and the new Star Wars Film ‘Solo’ - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Here's a idea, Kate. Why don't you and "Jacob" toddle off to to some cosy offshore tax haven somewhere and only come back once you can reconcile a No Deal Brexit and WTO membership with no hard border on the island of Ireland.You may be gone some time.#FBPE 
I love this idea that you can just 'stop Brexit' - like that doesn't also have consequences.'This roller-coaster is rather scary please stop it.....erm HELLO I appear to now be hanging upside down.' 
For French Citizen Caroline Sourisseau to have made it into the register to vote in this referendum it is quite likely that a form like this would have had to be filled out and ID 'verified'. She didn't do it.  
Pleased to hear our excellent Shadow Brexit Minister @PaulBlomfieldMP say on @BBCr4today that "nothing is off the table" when decisions are made by @UKLabour on what Lords amendments - including the one on the EEA - to support on the EU (Withdrawal) Bill... 
Benedict Cumberbatch ‘Brexit’ Drama Set for Channel 4  
I trust May's Brexit#EndARelationshipIn4Words 
Benedict Cumberbatch to Star in Brexit Drama for U.K.'s Channel 4  
During the marriage referendum: "They have civil partnership. That protects gay couples, it doesn't need to be in the Constitution."During this referendum: "If it's not in the Constitution it's not worth anything." 
Looks like May is for the EU and not Britain. We HAD hoped......May Attacks Rees-Mogg Over Clean Brexit Support to 'Send a Signal' to Brexiteers  
Apparently the Tories view stripping powers back from the Scottish Parliament as part of a successful #Brexit.  
wait I thought Cumberbatch was playing Farage in The Bad Boys of Brexit - a landmark $60m US TV drama. @arronbanks can you clarify? that said, Kevin Spacey was also linked with the Farage role - is he still in play? (you could probably get him now tbh) 
Why are our #Brexit negotiations being carried out by unelected mandarins?Rumour has it @DavidDavisMP is ‘never in the room’ with negotiations being lead instead by senior civil servant, remainer Olly RobbinsRT if you want David Davis back in the room! 
Investment in clean energy collapses, standing at its lowest level in a decade. And Tories are to blame.Green #Brexit anyone?  
Benedict Cumberbatch to play Dominic Cummings in Brexit drama  
My Lords motion today calling on MPs to debate Lords amendments to EU Withdrawal Bill on Customs Union, EEA & Ireland as soon as possible because of their urgency to Brexit negotiations. Rumour that Mrs May will try delay as she doesn’t have votes to defeat them 
Benedict Cumberbatch to play Dominic Cummings in a TV drama about Vote Leave and the Brexit referendum, because 2018.  
The EU did not save fish stocks but caused the problems of over-fishing and bad management. These failures resulted in 60% of Britain’s fleet being scrapped, tearing the heart out of families and communities:  #Brexit 
Remarkable undercover investigation here - the Leave campaign behaved in far worse ways than so far revealed. The referendum is void.  
Thank you @WeyandSabine for the profound #Brexit briefing for the  German Ambassadors of the EU member states followed by debate about  state of play. However, as it turned out, nothing new from London.  
This is your scheduled reminder that use of Facebook groups for political propaganda isn't just a US/UK/Russia problem. (Ireland's having a referendum on legalizing abortion: here's a politically active "Irish" anti-choice group with membered mostly drawn from the Americas.)  
"There will need to be a transitional phase, after the transition, so that the UK will be ready to then transition to a further transitional stage, so that UK can reach its objective of transitioning out of the EU," said Brexit commentator Zeno today, looking into the distance.  
Red alert: is Brexit about to go nuclear? @faisalislam and @zachjourno expose warnings in leaked Government documents about Britain's preparedness for leaving Euratom and setting up a new UK regulator  #BrexitForensics 
I am in two minds about Brexit, 99.99% percent of me hates the fucking thought of it, the other half of me fucking hates it even more. #NationalNumeracyDay 
Response from Office for Nuclear Regulation and Business Department is that progress is being made ”confident” they’ll be ready on Day 1 Brexit  
Those Tory MSPs who voted AGAINST consent of the Scottish Parliament for the Withdrawl Bill should step down.They voted against the wishes of the Scottish people when we voted Remain.And When people voted Tory at elections in 2015 and 2016 because they were AGAINST Brexit. 
John Humphrys Brexit Bollocks, no 1 in a rather long series. Feel free to contribute. 'When they voted to leave the European Union, they were voting to leave the customs union. That is the reality.' 
.@lucyvsalek and @vincecable are talking to Romanian shopkeepers about Brexit and local issues  
.@GarethThomasMP – “Fallout from Brexit is about to go nuclear”  
We all knew Osborne's Treasury predictions during the referendum campaign were complete bollocks. Britain's economic success since our historic vote to leave has simply confirmed it.   
A lot of the comparisons between the Scottish referendum and an Irish border poll remind me of this Onion headline:  
Some argue that their amendments to the EU Bill were “improvements” not designed to prevent Brexit. It's difficult to interpret some of them in this favourable light. 
Key IT project the Safeguards Information Management Reporting System to track nuclear material post Brexit and post Euratom, required to be in place by end of this year “irretrievably lost” deadline to start in last financial year, red high level risk of it being “ineffective” 
2. Already shown every #Brexit option leaves the UK Poorer, Weaker + less Control & the Ppl with Fewer Rights. To base all this on a flawed Advisory Ref in which only 26.5% of the Ppl, 37% voters voted by a narrow margin of 51.8% 4 different versions of Leave is utter madness. 
Spanish treasury minister Montoro unable to prove misuse of public funds for referendum; judge Llarena unable to convince Belgian justice that rebellion took place. Nine people are in pre-trial detention on these charges. They must be released.  
Scotland is not the only nation that despairs of your devolution threatening, chaotic, delusional Brexit.  
Yesterday’s vote leaves the Scottish Conservatives as the only party north of the border who want to get on and make a success of Brexit. 
Axel Scheffler's brilliant Brexit speech is available to watch now: Shameful that no major media organisation has carried it, please retweet. 
Hugo Dixon: "May is in such a mess because she triggered Article 50 without securing any concessions from the EU. Our former ambassador to the bloc told her we’d get 'screwed' if we did that." Guess who's turning out to be right. #Brexit 
1. FGS UK how much more #Brexit BS will you accept?! This #BrexitShambles can't be made to work in the National Interest. How much more evidence to you MPs need B4 you conclude leaving the EU is not a viable option! End the false belief we have to go through with it. #StopBrexit 
Brexit: ‘This isn’t rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic. It is having a full blown row about how the deck chairs should be arranged as the ship sinks.’ Excellent blog from @sjwrenlewis on why we are here and how we might escape.#PeoplesVote 
"It makes me sad, and I worry when I think of a post-Brexit future for the UK families, especially the children, who are growing up with our books. What went wrong?" Axel Scheffler's moving speech about implications of #Brexit@InLimboBrexit @The3Million 
Exclusive: Sky News obtains Government internal “Risk Register” on post-Brexit nuclear safeguards project, required in place by March 2019. All 5 High Level risks, IT, funding, training, staff, ownership nuclear material on red warning on red-amber-green scale: #brexitforensics 
Most people don't like being lied to. That's why we research and publish truthful pro-#Brexit articles like this:  
But what Liam Fox has failed to mention is the loss of trade which will be incurred through leaving the EU and the Single market and Customs Union, which make for bad reading for the Government and is yet again another reason for a #peoplesvote at the end of the #brexit process  
Is there anyone left who still naively believes @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is fighting for a hard #Brexit in the interests of ordinary #British people, rather than the interests of multinational corporations & private investment firms like Somerset Capital Management? 
British nationalists are still dumbfounded that the Irish government will stand up for Ireland's interests in the #brexit negotiations. Maybe less arrogance  & posturing from the British side, & more listening from them for a change would be welcome  
Guess we need to hold a referendum.  
Red lines will be set out in a white paper and which is a blue print for Brexit.Red will set a white and a blue for Brexit.Red set white and a blue Breixt.Red white and blue Brexit. 
I keep saying it, and i will keep saying it until the penny drops but Brexit is about stopping Scottish Independence.Mundell let the cat out of the bag yesteday when he said "WM was always going to over-rule Holyrood at some point anyway"NOW THEY CAN! 
We’ve had Red, White and Blue; we’ve had Canada Plus; we’ve had Norwegian....All we’re left with is this:Norwegian Blue Brexit  
Almost 2 years have passed since the EU Referendum and Brexiters have failed to come up with a coherent, detailed specific plan to leave the EU.The only plan that Brexiters have come up with is to blame everyone else for the mess that they created. 
Fucking hell, the TUC is warning that ONE IN TWELVE jobs in the North East will be lost if Brexit goes ahead! 
The more I see of the tactics of the NO side the more I'm convinced that the next referendum should be about the complete separation of church and state at all levels.#todaysor 
Bitter? Strange to describe an accurate analysis on the current shambolic, long on rhetoric/short on detail process we are all having to endure.Suggest you understand now that 'Bitter' IS the only possible flavour of Brexit, and will be the flavour of your humble pie. 
New post: Delusions of National Power   Where Brexit has to go is clear, but too many MPs and our two main party leaders either do not see it or dare not say it. 
Still no Brexit, denied a referendum on the House of Lords, failure to reduce immigration, preferential treatment for disruptive minorities. This Government is taking the British people ever closer towards violence and insurrection. 
Have a growing worry that on Brexit the PM may be saying opposing things to different audiences and interests. Not an issue upon which she will ultimately be able to get away with inconsistency or contradiction. 
Theresa May's own #Brexit Secretary, David Davis, has now threatened a legal challenge to the Prime Minister over her customs partnership plans... #BrexitShambles 
I wanna say this before we start getting the hot takes about how we all have to get along after the referendum. If you vote no, you have made a conscious effort to force raped children to endure a second trauma. You are a bad person and I don't want to associate with you 
David Davis: “There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside.”Harvard academics: UK won't benefit from free trade deal with US. 
So who illegally & fraudulently registered French Citizen & *NUIG Erasmus Student* Caroline Sourisseau to vote in this referendum? Where did it happen? When? Why? #8thref #8thAmendment 
Brexit: UK won't benefit from free trade deal with US, say Harvard academics - Politics live  
This is just the design stage.As Windrush, Carillion, Universal Credit and many other examples show, the UK has no chance of successfully implementing the hugely complex and interconnected changes associated with #Brexit. 
Britain's #Brexit economy is BOOMING - more Brits in work than ever despite PROJECT FEAR   
Dear Leave Voters,I hope you get to read this short thread.If there is a "hard Brexit" it is inevitable that the UK will seek re-entry within a decade.Here are four consequences that follow: 
We're calling for an early deal for science in #Brexit  negotiations to give much needed certainty to UK researchers and businesses. Most importantly, this should include association with Framework Programme 9 (FP9). Read our Brexit briefing here   
Dear Labour, the tactic of tryng to catch the government out with parliamentary games whilst fundamentally supporting everything they do on Brexit is not working. Try opposing Brexit. If you do, this government will fall.#FBPE 
After more than 30 years living in Scotland, I feel both more Scottish and more French than ever and of course I expect to keep my right to vote because it is the @ScotParl 's will, Brexit or no Brexit.  
This is hilarious. Turkey seeks FTA with UK in exchange for Freedom of Movement. Ah, those post #Brexit trade deals with the rest of the world.#Leavers will be apoplectic  
The referendum voting card delivered by post yesterday morning to French Citizen & NUIG Erasmus student Caroline Sourisseau. She did not register or request this voting card. This is the result of fraudulent activity by an unknown party. Who? When? Why?  
“The House of Lords is out of control. Its attacks on Brexit are arrogant, archaic and anti-democratic. Millions voted for Brexit, no one voted for these interfering peers. It’s time we got rid of them.”Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
It seems to me that if UK Gov continue to try and force through the European Withdrawal Bill without Holyrood consent then we have another ‘material change’ and a further mandate for a referendum 
Nigel Farage:Whether we go to Hungary, Poland & now Italy.We find political parties winning elections saying 'we don’t want to be governed by unelected bureaucrats telling us what we can & can’t do.'#EU is literally crumbling before our eyes.#Brexit 
Half-expect this government to follow up its Brexit white paper with a red paper and a blue paper. 
The workforce has grown to 32.34million – the highest level since records began, the total has risen by 609,000 since the referendum of June 2016. Before the vote George Osborne claimed up to 820,000 jobs could be lost within two years.  
#BrexitBonusTaking a cheap flight from Vienna to Gatwick on the Austrian registered EasyJet...Back to London for a ‘crisis’ meeting to discuss transfer of assets and staff to Frankfurt. But, of course, no jobs will be lost due to Brexit.  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
...over half way through the Brexit process and more than a year after invoking Article 50!  The sheer incompetence of this government and its inability to manage Brexit are quite something.  
It still strikes me as odd that Corbyn supporters attack LDs for "enabling" austerity through coalition 8 years agoWhilst happily getting behind Corbyn as he enables austerity today through #brexit  
Oh, I’m sorry for looking at reality. Silly me. I should just believe in Brexit.Saddle up my unicorn, I’ve got a country to get behind.   
Two years after the referendum, the government promises a White Paper detailing Britain’s post-Brexit vision. It’s as if people didn’t know what they were voting for. 
Nigel Farage:"Nicola Sturgeon, it’s remarkable isn’t it?She didn’t accept result of 2014 Scottish referendum & thinks perhaps they should vote again.And in 2016 with a national referendum on leaving #EU, she doesn’t accept that result either!"#Brexit 
#Brexit Theresa May stop having Brexit war cabinet meetings. All you do is have bloody meetings, non stop. Grow a backbone, stop pussyfooting around. 17 million voted leave EU. We’re leaving the Customs Union & The Single Market. Get on with it, show some leadership. FFS pic.twitter.com/qfXfZXMBFX 
The @theRCN have come out in favour of a #peoplesvote on the final #Brexit deal."If the deal isn’t good enough we should have the democratic right to reject it" If you agree, then join us to march on Parliament on June 23rd and demand a People's Vote. 
Blair stands up and says Leaving the EU is a bad thing and is immediately condemned as a war criminal. Clegg stands up and says Leaving the EU is a bad thing and is immediately condemned for not abolishing tuition fees. Blair and Clegg are not today’s problem. Brexit is. 
Now I’ve ruled out even the EEA, it’s only a matter of time before the penny drops with my young fans that I’m in favour of a ‘hard’ Brexit. The intelligent, politically astute, non-cult Remain fans will desert me, but Seamus says a 1% drop won’t hurt. 
Were Vote Leave’s Mathematicians, Physicists and Computer Scientists Conned Too?  via @brexit_sham 
BREXIT: Davis against May’s ‘EU Customs partnership’, decision still yet to be made. Get on with it and deliver!  
Remember when we said a trade deal with the US would be bad for the NHS and were dismissed as 'Project Fear'. Well here we go...this is Project Reality as opposed to Brexit's Project Fantasy. Let's put common sense before delusions of empire. #PeoplesVote 
Why don’t people get it? If @jeremycorbyn came out now for remain, rather than allowing the Tories to hang themselves with their Brexit, @theresa_may would call a GE and all those Labour voters who want(ed) to leave would vote Tory, they’d get a majority & we’d Hard Brexit! 
."The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has voted for a referendum on the final Brexit deal. The resolution at the group’s annual meeting in Belfast was passed by 364 votes to 163."#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
POLL: Only 24% of Brits want to remain in the Customs Union. MPs & Lords trying to block Brexit are defying the will of the people.  
Paul Dacre’s sociopathic mental contortions are now so violent he’s actually telling his readers to applaud an increase in migration from Bulgaria & Romania *and* that this somehow proves Brexit is still a good idea.Absolutely batshit. pic.twitter.com/IE37xV3EZo 
This #Brexit interview with David Lidington on #r4today is a classic of its sort:‘I’m glad you asked that question Martha, because it’s a very important question to ask, and it’s a question to which a lot of people want to know the answer.... I’m sorry what was the question?’ 
The risk to our #NHS from a post #Brexit U.S. trade deal comes not just from private American health care companies, but also in higher costs for medicines. From the hard #brexitshambles backing Telegraph #peoplesvote  
Government’s belated  #whitepaper on #Brexit :  
David Lidington on that Brexit white paper: "We want to demonstrate that we have thought this through". It's been nearly two years since the vote. 
Long-term fans of the government's Brexit publications, from the rushed January 2017 white paper (with its essay crisis time stamp) to the various May speech pratfalls......will be looking forward to this new "detailed" white paper. 
The reality of what Brexit means for the NHS  
With May’s warning that proposals for a border could lead to a united Ireland, and this rejection of UK plans to abrogate powers, it’s clear that the country is not coming together over brexit. In fact, it’s in danger of coming apart. #peoplesvote #fbpe 
Meanwhile, as all govt/Plmnt work is stalled by navel-gazing Brexit, the many real-life complex problems facing the country are shelved for lack of bandwidth.  
So the far right are getting their knickers in a twist over the term "#Gammon", and even some sensible journos are joining in. May I respectfully direct the latter to @cliodiaspora's timeline ...#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Gammongate #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #FinalSay 
MOGG: We’re getting there on Brexit, UK must leave Customs Union. 
Just a reminder that no party can form a majority government without the support of Remainers. Let's stay strong and keep fighting Brexit!23rd June: London demonstration in favour of a #PeoplesVote. Make your voice heard! 
David Miliband’s arrogance to try and return to UK politics and tell us how to handle Brexit is repugnant  
Our co-chair @ChukaUmunna met with Minister Takashi Okada from the Japanese Government today to discuss #Brexit. 40% of Japanese investments in the EU are in the UK.  
Read Axel Scheffler’s sad and powerful speech as he won Illustrator of the Year at the British Book Awards. Axel’s a gentle guy and when he gets angry, that’s really saying something.  #Nibbies #Brexit @ukhomeoffice @theresa_may 
So...another Brexit white paper to be released. Dinna be fooled, it's just yet another 'wish list' It's no more detailed on how it's viable than a kids letter tae Santa.... 
.Clowns Leading Clowns..... THIS is Brexit Britain.. 
.She's only gone and blown the bloody doors off.....Brexit is dangerous.Theresa May opening her mouth is dangerous.The Union will end sooner than expected, at this rate.. 
So many of the #Brexit warnings, dismissed glibly by #Brexiteers turn out to have substance & are likely to have impact :  Trump threatens to use US trade talks to force NHS to pay more for drugs  
Brexit Explained  
A @Conservative government with a spine and a leader that believed in Brexit would be annihalating Labour about this. #Starmer has no business negotiating with our opponents, I can't remember anyone voting for him to try and overturn a democratic vote #Labourhypocrisy #Labourlies  
What is Northern Ireland saying about Brexit – Key slides   
Best wishes of BJP vijay divas to everyone. India made history on this day by giving a referendum on good governance and development skills of PM @narendramodi Ji. 
Stopping Brexit is the only way to protect the NHS. The BMA knows this, the RCN knows this, doctors & nurses know this. Yet our politicians, including May &. Corbyn press ahead, risking the NHS, to satisfy their ideological fantasies. #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
"LIES, DAMN LIES, AND REMAINER POLITICIANS" - Get it this wrong and if you were normal you'd resign.  New jobs data makes fools of remainer MPs & peers. Full #Brexit story:  
Switzerland is in EFTA, signed up to Schengen, accepts the 4 Principles laid out by the EU incl. freedom of movement & has implemented much EU law into Swiss law. It still has border infrastructure.Is that the #Brexit @theresa_mayThinks you voted for? 
Yeah? He’s right. What’s the surprise? Brexit is seminal in it. It’s the first time in modern history that the far-right have taken over the government & constitutional remit of a western democracy. Stands to reason as we are just about the dumbest adult population in the G20.  
BBC defend John Humphrys after Remainer accusation of Brexit biasBBC response reads like a state media organisation not a public service broadcaster responsive to our criticisms and serving the public interest  
Why did the BBC interviewer on R4 Today just now give the Labour spokesman a far harder time over the inconsistency of his party’s Brexit position than they ever give the government? The government are actually in charge of, you know, governing. #BrexitShambles #BBCfail #r4Today 
Shadow Brexit minister Paul Blomfield says there is "enormous clarity" on his party's policy. Then repeatedly refuses to say how Labour will vote on the EEA amendment, even though Jeremy Corbyn's office has rejected it. Car crash stuff. #r4today 
Any chance of a bit of balance on #GMB this morning @PiersMorgan after reading out Daily Mail nonsense about 'Brexit Britain Booming'?... The UK economy has been tanking since the Brexit vote? Graph via the FT @SusannaReid100 @ToryBoyPierce @Kevin_Maguire @CharlotteHawkns 
Simon Johnson (Daily Telegraph) punts ‘Nicola Sturgeon accused’ same guy who promoted the 2015 #Frenchgate exclusive that turned out to be a complete fabrication. #Brexit #PowerGrab 
Clock is ticking for Theresa May as customs row drags onTories reap what they sow. Brexit was a Tory invention to solve their internal disagreements. It now consumes them. No more than they deserve.  
IF ONLY SOMEONE HAD PREDICTED THIS LIKE TWO YEARS BEFORE THE  REFERENDUM.Ukip’s trade policy would leave Britain isolated and vulnerable  
Ken Clarke - I've never seen anything as chaotic as this... #Brexit is the maddest political situation I've ever seen.... we're taking decisions that will have a big affect on the prosperity & well-being of my children & grandchildren.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#BrexitShambles What’s leaving next? Dublin stealing Thomson Reuters foreign currency trading as City “jewel in the crown” cracks We didn’t vote for this!When facts change, minds can changeBrexit is reversible#PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit 
In case you missed it, more real life big ticket brexit bad news. Business has not reacted much yet but as brexit reality gets clearer brace for a lot more of this. We can still change course.  
So much for 350 million a week for the NHS in the magical lands of post Brexit...instead Trump will be muscling in on trade deals...What a lie the country was fed. #NHSLove #NHS70 
The world understands that neither of you, nor the government, has a clue how to deliver the Brexit lies on which you won your ideological battle. How about telling us how, instead of blaming others who are pointing out inconvenient truths?  
Theresa May is going to publish a white paper that sets out her Brexit vision... The fear is that the paper will actually just be white, as there are no agreed Brexit negotiating objectives within the Tory party. #BrexitShambles #r4today 
You bet your life it would ruin your Brexit deal May, without Scotland you would have nothing to bargain with.  
They will ignore it anyway.The response is a disgrace.No mention of abolition or of a referendum.Response just talks about minor voluntary reform.The petition did not mention reform.The Gov are treating us like idiots.We demand that the House of Lords is abolished.  
Here’s the future of the #NHS post #Brexit. At the mercy of rapacious politivians like Trump.  
Sweet that some people think Brexit negotiations will one day end and we will go back to normal life. Like the Swiss, we’re going to be negotiating something or other with the EU forever. 
Government are so removed from the people they don’t see how unpopular they are with their natural voters, they will be brought down at next GE for their abhorrent treatment of our veterans & failing to fulfil our Brexit mandate. 
164,481 people signed this petition."Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords."The Gov response does not mention abolition of the House of Lords or a referendum.This response is an insult.It totally ignores the petition. 
The Government responded to this petition, however they failed to address what the petition wants. A referendum on the question of whether the H if Lords be abolished or not.Write to your MP. Keep sharing the Petition. Let's get the numbers over 200K. 
Brexit Vision. Spare us. Why wasn’t the White Paper plan finalised BEFORE triggering Article 50? (Don’t answer that). Has any govt of any country ever made a bigger cock up where it doesn’t involve going to war?! (You may answer that one)  
Post-Brexit Britain is a real drag in 2D management sim Not Tonight.  
Theresa May hid behind the sofa during the referendum campaign, she was a remainer who managed to evade scrutiny, Boris Johnson used to love the EU, but he's a leaver cos its his best shot at being tory leader, they're silent on #GazaMassacre, fucking cowards they are #ToriesOut 
Grandson of Dick's Drive-In founder wants referendum on head tax  
London. Immediately post Brexit. Disruption. Location, timing and content. The keys to a great @CFAinstitute annual conference. Gerry Fowler @cfauk chairman welcomes #Annual2018 delegates to join us in May 2019. 
The more of these #brexit ramifications that become clear make me truly gutted I voted #leave. @RemainerNow & @peoplesvote_uk crucial 
So now we know that the price of a post-Brexit trade deal with the US will be much higher drug costs for the NHS. Brexit isn't such a great idea, really, is it? 
From a French student: "On May 15th 2018 I received, unsolicited, a document allowing me to vote in the upcoming referendum. This is cause for concern because I did not do anything to request this and it may be evidence of a wider voter registration issue."  
Asked a Palmy mate if they were voting in the referendum for Māori wards. "No, what's it got to do with me?" was the answer. He wasn't anti, he just didn't care. There are times when you can be more than a performative ally. Please take those opportunities. 
Trump threatens to use Brexit trade talks to force NHS to pay more for drugs.Brexit will be a disaster for the NHS. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. 
I’m also amused that a potential series loss to maybe the greatest team of all time is cause for a referendum.FIRE UP THE HOT TAKE ENGINE FELLAS.  
Rees-Mogg:Don't take “Brussels too seriously"“Irish Govt needs to understand if it obliges us to choose between Republic & Union, we choose the Union"Everyone should unite otherwise will be high economic price to pay, primarily by Dublin.#Brexit #EU 
If politicians were really concerned about hard cases like this they could have introduced a referendum to cover them. Instead they chose to cynically use them to introduce abortion on demand. Don't be fooled, keep the only constitutional right for the unborn. Vote no. #8thref 
Brexit is precisely what Vladimir Putin wants to see  
New special issue of @AustJIA on Australia-EU relations, on security cooperation, economic ties, the prospects for an FTA, and the implications of #Brexit, is out now:  Ping @DaviesSaraE @_CaitHamilton @NickBisley 
Your daily reminder that if it"s bad for Brexit, it ain't on the beeb.#FBPE 
Your daily reminder that if we continue with Brexit, the EU will become our main competitor.#FBPE 
Prince Harry's marriage to Megan Markle is a reflection of world and UK diversity and a celebration of it. There can be no more walls and it contrasts brexit which is isolationist and inward looking. They're typical remainers #fbpe 
The British Brexit Tory government funded these bigots to buy their votes with £1bn. The #DUP stand against young people who support the #EU. Just look at what they stand for ! 
There is no honour in Brexit Mr Hurst @2010LeeHurst. Shut the door as you follow your career out of the door. 
But what if it's actually: 2007 Estonia2008 Georgia2010 Poland2012 Georgia2012/13 Syria2014 Crimea/Ukraine2016 Baltics, Turkey, Brexit, US The chessboard realigns. It's not about Russian bogeymen. It's about understanding how they stage ops when opportunity is right /4 
This seems to raise questions that no one will want to look at -- but of there is new evidence from credible investigators, backed up by intelligence and intercepts, it should be examined. Right now, people are kind focused on: 2008 Georgia2014 Crimea2016 Brexit?? US?? /3 
Twattish Brexit zealot deservedly humiliated, for knowingly tweeting a factually inaccurate statement that a Sinn Fein MEP had been convicted for the Brighton bombing. He was warned at the time it was defamatory but revelled in the outrage it generated. Twat. pic.twitter.com/k3mygEJugt 
The EU referendum was a sham. Fair play the Leavers - they caught us off guard. Will we get a final say? Who knows? Thanks to the Tories & Labour, the dice are loaded against us. Brexiters will do anything to win - but I would rather fight clean & lose. It ain't over yet. #FBPE 
Brexit can be stopped. Brexit is just a made up word. There is no plan. There is no precedent. There is no ending set in stone. Brexit is what WE make it. But we have to be proactive. Write. March. Protest. Persuade. #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll  
Imagine living in a country where a Referendum vote was carried based on immigration and a weak and ineffective opposition stands idly by while a weak and ineffective government blunders forward with a Brexit fuelled cruel and fucked up immigration policy.  
government disagree with govt but agree with Labour who disagree with Labour and Labour who disagree with themselves on but agree they disagree with the cabinet which also disagrees with itself on . #Brexit 
As incompetent as Theresa May’s government is, the challenges currently afflicting Brexit - i.e. around the customs union - are not primarily caused by the government’s stupidity, but by the impossible contradictory promises made by the leave campaigns. 
Enter Stage left ASI Ltd, a firm that provided expertise in maths & physics to Vote Leave resulting in another puzzling discrepancy between the invoices submitted and the amount recorded by Vote Leave.Another top piece of detective work by @brexit_sham  
Been saying since 2016 that #Brexit would lead to a re-unified Ireland & a united Scotland!  
More news from the Former United Kingdom (AKA FUK)UK plunged into constitutional crisis as Scottish Parliament rejects key Brexit law - Mirror Online  
The hapless David Miliband is criticising Corbyn for not wanting to stay in the Single Market. During the referendum campaign he said: ‘quitting the EU means quitting the single market.’ He says Brits should make up their own minds on Brexit and not listen to him.We did. In 2016! 
UK plunged into constitutional crisis as Scottish Parliament rejects key Brexit law. MSPs refused to give their consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill   
TOMORROW: Bullshit in Brexit Britain is Booming.• 1m zero hour contracts included in stats.• Just 10hrs work a week needed to classify as employed.• Plus, there’s this from the actual fucking article... pic.twitter.com/9KHOT4fMuX 
"Ministers have been told in no uncertain terms that if Brexit goes wrong, then you could imperil the future of the United Kingdom," reports our political editor @nicholaswatt #newsnight 
Poll:Do you support a Second referendum on #Brexit? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
“I believe history will judge this to have been an unwise decision” – George Mitchell on Brexit #newsnight 
May's Law: All parliaments are equal, but some are more equal than others.Compared to her other Brexit problems this no consent issue from HR is small beer.We can resent, but they get consent.There is only one way out of this bind... 
Makes a mockery of ‘the vow’ made to Scottish people before 2014 referendum. Either you take the Scottish Parliament and people seriously or you don’t. When push comes to shove, the Tories will do exactly what they like, just like always  
Wow. Spike Lee, talking about his KKK movie on @BBCNews mentions Brexit as part of the global rise of the far right. 
Consent refused - decisively. A constitutional first but now what? Will Westminster force #Brexit on Scotland? Let's call the whole thing off!   
POLL: Clean Brexit Departing EU Customs Union is Public Favourite   
 to @twickenhamclp - who passed a motion last night calling for the country to be given a #FinalSay on Theresa May's #Brexit deal through either a referendum or a General Election. Inspired to do the same? Get in touch with @Remain_Labour / @Labour4EU 
Keep repeating the Brexit trade mantra 'English wines, cheeses & jams' to yourself when you collapse in the car park of an abandoned hospital.  
If you believe that most Catalans want to remain in the Spanish state, ... what fear can Spain have to hold a referendum without police officers pounding?  
Opinion polling shows Northern Ireland drifting towards leaving the UK in the face of a hard Brexit. UK Government on brink of dual constitutional crisis in Ireland & Scotland.  
RT if you agree that if Brexit puts us in a weaker negotiating position for trade talks with the US and we end up spending more on critical drugs this is another reason for giving all the people of this country a vote on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVote 
We love this *so* much. One of our amazing supporters Amy met author Judy Blume in her Florida bookshop, where they talked about the upcoming referendum on May 25. When Amy gave Judy a #together4yes badge, she pinned it on straight away!   
Thanks again for the messages  and welcome to the ride, new followers  The problem remains: Brexit is misogyny writ large. So I have an idea. It may remain that, but let me try. Do you live in or near #London? Then you can help. Click here and share!  
UK plunged into constitutional crisis as Scots Parliament rejects key Brexit law  
I once had long hair. At the time, I thought it was cool. It wasn’t. It was awful. But, even though my hair was really awful, it was nowhere near as awful as Brexit.  
This from @LucidTalk poll cited in  Most concerning is apparently absolute correlation btn Irish/Remain/unification & British/Leave/UK views.This simply doesn't fit with last 20 yrs of polls from NI.Has Brexit really brought such profound polarisation?  
Brexit Explained  
Scottish Parliament rejects May’s Brexit bill in symbolic, but significant act  
My wife thinks I must be autistic because I am so confrontational on Twitter. No sweetheart, I am just bloody angry with Therasa May for letting us down with Brexit and appeasing Islam. 
This is the guy who's gonna save the Labour Party and stop Brexit  
This evening saw the #Scottish Parliament vote for the first time in its history to refuse legislative consent. Passed 93 to 30 to reject European Union (Withdrawal) Bill. Write to your MP NOW & tell them to tell the Tory Govt #HandsOffHolyrood. Plz RT  #Brexit  
Orban's corrupt authoritarian proto-fascist regime in Hungary, points to the route UK could follow if #Brexit goes ahead. UK needs to #ExitfromBrexit & EU needs to ensure member states cannot pursue agendas of xenophobia, anti-Semitism & undermining independence of judiciary. 
I'll make a lot of jokes about @ireland aka @NursepollyRgn in next few days. But in all seriousness, she underestimates how courageous she is. In the run up to referendum. Everyone should take a moment to read what she says and consider it. #repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
Here’s Ben, he voted leave but now he’s seen how Brexit can only lead to economic harm & has changed his mind!Respect to you @bj6674 for being open minded & speaking out as a #RemainerNow & you will see from my feed there are so many like you.MPs must give us #peoplesvote 
RT @Jon_Danzig’s commentary on the need for a new and massive ‘Campaign to Remain’ to persuade Britain to consider a democratic U-turn on #Brexit. Link:  
!!! We are running out of black @repealproject jumpers and we won't get them back in before the referendum !!!  
Worried your favorite player might get traded? When NBA players switch teams, you can switch jerseys. Learn more about American Express Jersey Assurance at . Terms apply. #AmexNBA 
On this week in 1916 James Connolly said “the British Government has no right in Ireland, never had any right in Ireland, and never can have any right in Ireland” - a salient point to ponder as British Tory party continues to tear itself apart over Ireland & Brexit #UnityNow 
It’s not beyond the realms of possibility that 20 years down the road Ireland has re-unified and Scotland has become an independent EU nation. All due to Brexit.. 
Trump threatens to use trade talks with post-Brexit Britain to force the British National Health Service to pay more for its drugs as part of his scheme to "put American patients first”Old enough to remember Brexiteers boasting “Taking Back Control” 
No significant progress has been made on any issue in Brexit negotiations since March, EU says  
1) Let's talk (again) about Free Movement of People & #BrexitI'm going to use the full title here (FMoP) for reasons that will become clearFree Movement of People is progressive, by definition. The freedom to control your life.No definition of "progressive" takes rights away  
Sick and tired of hearing / reading about :1. Stormy Daniels 2. Meghan Markles seemingly endless extended family 3. 50 shades of Brexit - hard, soft, sensible, clean, good, bad, extreme, gentle, pure, etc etc 4. Jamie Oliver preaching about food5. Perpetually offended 
RT @williamnhutton Congratulations Britain’s nurses! Royal College of Nurses first major union to call for a referendum on the Brexit deal. Two to one majority. If other unions are brave enough to make the same call we may yet stop this madness 
Nearly two years in and the Fishermen have just realise they are going to be royally buggered by Brexit. The big question is what took them so long? We knew they were bugger the day after they and people like them voted to leave the EU. #StopBrexit 
B.C.’s NDP are sabotaging electoral reform. My column on the government’s disastrous handling of its referendum initiative. #bcpoli #cdnpoli 
Corbyn looks like he is doubling down on a hard Brexit. Only the @LibDems are fighting in Parliament to keep us in the Single Market and the Customs Union. 
Regardless of the lies, the clapping and shouting we will win this referendum, we will win the right to choose for all women, every door knocked on, every leaflet handed out every conversation every badge and banner will make a difference : well done tsu @repealeight. 
Peter Brookes on the Royal Wedding and as Leavers prepare their Brexit betrayal narrative - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I would like...A) to do my postal vote. Then...B) be given a general anaestheticC) wake up on Sahardah 26th with the referendum wonD) have tea and toast sitting up in bedI YEARN for this lads, YEARN I do 
Great thread on @UKLabour ‘s absurd #Brexit fudge.  
EU cost/benefit analysis boils down to one Q:If EU single market & customs union were so good for Britain,why is it EU nations sell ~£90 billion pa more to Britain than we to them,when population on the Continent is much much more than in Britain?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
Constitutional crisis as the whole (except Tories) Scottish Parliament refuses consent for the Brexit Bill. UK Government says it will proceed regardless. Public outrage increases amid calls for Scotland Act to be protected. 
My son just said he can speak three languagesEnglishSheepAnd Guinea PigI know that BREXIT is going to turn out fine 
This brexit is threatening the survival of the U.K. as a political unit. It is tearing the union to bits, treating several of the members of the union with contempt.  It is not right.  
May will publish a detailed plan for the U.K.’s post-Brexit relationship with Europe next month  
Seems a large group of us were harvested by the Password change.. and then fitted up with a #shadowban.. its no coincident that the American Mid Terms are looming and Brexit being watered down.. a bloody disgrace #Twitter #Bluehand 
My YES vote is for all people who need us repeal the 8th for dignity, mental health, and independence. My mams experience is a perfect example shows just what’s wrong with our country. This referendum is our chance to make changes and not let this happen again. #repealth8th 
Plan for Life are delivering a green booklet called 'Your Guide to the Referendum' in #Mallow tonight. This looks like a neutral government document. It is not. It is Anti Choice propaganda. Shameful. #repealthe8th #togetherforyes #Yes @Together4yes @CorkTogether4Y 
LISTEN - Chairperson of the Referendum Commission Justice Isobel Kennedy sets the record straight..."[In this Referendum] We are being asked whether or...  
Theresa May has announced plans to publish a Brexit white paper — which will spell out, for the first time in detail, what Britain will be seeking from its future relationship with the EU.  
Throughout this Brexit process, thon @Feorlean has demonstrated what a fine & dedicated statesman for Scotland he is. 
Britain's nurses just demanded a second referendum on Brexit 
It's astounding to observe this #OntarioElection2018 in Canada which seems to want to prove that even after Brexit and Trump people are still willing to jump off a cliff and vote for a right wing populist b/c although electricity prices is an issue so is housing, wages and jobs. 
So very @RuthDavidsonMSP to put empty puppet @RossThomson_MP on #c4news to front the defeat in Holyrood today!Well done @ashtenRD for rebutting the shutdowns....where, oh where, is Ruth "Windvane" Davidson?..  not wanting to be seen addressing a defeat?#Brexit #ScotTories 
The reality of #brexit. The US strangling our NHS. If you voted #Leave and have not yet seen through the scam then this is on you. Be careful how you use the word 'traitor' in future. 
If you’re pro life but in favor of legislating for terminations in cases of rape, FFA etc then you need to vote yes. If this referendum is rejected then that’ll be a dead-end. We won’t be given another chance to change this law within our lifetimes. End the suffering now. #8thRef 
I've signed up to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal - will you join me?  
Kate Hoey MP argues that the Northern Irish border is absolutely being used as a political tool to stop #Brexit 
Rob you keep on begging!The Cameron Leaflet that was delivered to ever legitimate electorate before the Referendum,  made it clear, Leave meant Leaving SM & CU!  
EU Customs Union:British consumers pay moreInefficient EU producers subsidisedThird-world producers shaftedEU keeps 80% of the tariff revenues Losers:British consumersBritish govtThird-world countries Winners:EUInefficient EU producersFair?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
NATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT: Boorish Boris Johnson is now a one-man rogue state /#Westminster #Brexit #BorisTheBuffoon 
Saoirse Ronan is voting yes in Ireland's abortion referendum – she said repealing the eighth amendment would ‘give women the choice and full ownership over their own body’: 
I like the way the press jump on @theresa_may's "pledges to release paper with 'precise explanations' on key aspects of Britain’s post-EU vision", but tend to forget that she also pledged a #Brexit that leaves both the #SingleMarket and the #CustomUnion. 
The #EU is petrified of Brexit because when it succeeds the EU will breakdown. That is why the EU & remainers have been so desperate to water down Brexit & try to overrule the people’s vote because it will be game over for the EU when Brexit shows we don’t need the EU!   #fo2eu 
I voted for a devolved parliament in Scotland, we have that by agreement with the government in England, at no time during the Brexit campaign did I hear one single word explaining that voting for Brexit would see the government in England use Brexit to diminish Holyrood. 
POLL: Clean Brexit Departing EU Customs Union is Public Favourite   
The decision on customs was made on 23rd June 2016- to fully leave any customs arrangement that comes under EU law/control,and negotiate a free-trade deal as an extra-EU entity.Why this interminable dithering by our politicians?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
We agree, there is nothing socialist about Brexit.Socialism isn't about building borders, removing freedoms, going it alone, making people poorer, damaging communities.We're proud to be socialists, it's why Brexit maddens us, it's why we fight it. 
Good evening!! #FSFATheatre presents Brexit & Dragons- a roleplay adventure of four acts over four nights.A warm welcome to all of you joining us this evening! We have a Quick Start guide and then the show will begin. Enjoy!!#BrexitIsPersonal #FBPE #WATON #BrexitandDragons 
Le monde: "Worrying poll for Theresa May: the Northern Irish prefer the reunification of Ireland to Brexit. Will the Irish border save the English from Brexit?"  
Front of the queue....Brexiters thought Trump would be on our side....Brexiters thought #Brexit was a good idea....  
It’s increasingly obvious that the Tories haven’t thought through their strategy with regards to Brexit and devolution. They’ve waded into a fight they can’t win. 
Watching the news tonight, @WelshLabour have done a huge disservice to devolution in an Anglo-centric Brexit Britain. Despite cross-party rejection in Scotland, every single Scottish Tory line tonight is “Welsh Labour accepted it”. Kicked the floor from under Scotland’s position 
Delighted to be in Westminster for new MP @OrfhlaithBegley’s first contribution. She will bring a youthful dynamic to our team. Robust and lively discussion on #Brexit and other matters.  
#Brexit non-sense: £10m to create a new nuclear safeguard regime to replace Euroatom, as revealed by @CarolineLucas. And why? So Theresa May can try to keep "hard line" on ECJ. 
Only 9 AMs voted to stop Westminster grabbing powers from Wales over Brexit. The Plaid Group and me. Shameful. Can you think of a Group of any other politicians willing to hand over powers to a neighbouring country and parliament??? 
Brexit Road...  
Well done to @scottishlabour and the @scotlibdems for voting in Scotland's interests today. I'm frequently very, very critical of them but this shows how important the issue of the brexit power grab is to the future of Holyrood itself 
Took my 9 month old for her first passport pics today and she said to me "Father, will it be an insular blue Brexit passport as demanded by the men of gammon?"  
BREAKING: The @theRCN - with over 430,000 members - has already warned about the affects of #Brexit on the NHS. Now they are backing a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.  
Theresa May to release paper setting out Britain's Brexit vision What makes me think that May's idea of "precise explanations" is not the same as mine? 
Patrick Blower on the Brexit gridlock - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
England's behaviour since the last Scottish referendum has pretty much guaranteed that the next one will be Yes. 
Brexit: UK to publish blueprint for future EU relations: 2 years after the referendum we will see more half baked ideas and magical thinking. To be fair it’s an impossible task, leaving the EU without causing long-term damage to Britain. #PeoplesVote 
The Scottish Parliament has rejected the UK government’s Brexit bill. Should Westminster listen? #FarageOnLBC 
We’ve always been clear that one part of the country can’t hold a veto over another when it comes to protecting the vital interests of the whole: Remainers, Scotland, NI, the young etc. Seriously, can the govt hold up a mirror? Or, well, listen to itself? #Brexit  
This is all going swimmingly, Brexit. Did someone say “will of the people”?   
I hope Mrs May tells Sturgeon to ram it, and while she’s at it, says don’t bother asking for another referendum, you’ve had your chips. Enough messing around. 
Every single party in the Scottish Parliament has voted against the UK Brexit bill, apart from the party that opposed the Scottish Parliament! #Scotland 
That was more than enough fake accounts to cover operations against the EU Referendum & the US Election in 2016.What did Facebook supposedly suddenly know in 2018 about those accounts that they say they didn't know in 2016? Did all 500 million suddenly put their hands up as fake? 
UK government to publish a white paper on the future relationship before the European Council summit next month. Just 2 problems: 1) they don’t know what to put in it 2) it won’t have any details on the backstop - which there’ll be no Brexit deal without.  
Brexiters are never happy which is why Brexit is so dumb. Remainers were happy now we are all going to be unhappy and divided. The union will break up and we will all be poor and stuck on this island with dwindling prospects. Great!  
We are going to stop #Brexit. Whatever it takes, we must do it. We cannot gamble away our children's futures on a gerrymandered weak mandate based on lies and criminal acts.  Time for a #PeoplesVote 
Royal College Of Nursing Backs Call For Second Referendum  
Fresh fines for Remain campaigners after referendum expenses breaches  
Britain's becoming a creepy little country, right under the thumb of the press barons. #Leveson2 #Brexit 
Shocking that Theresa May has left her Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson, out of negotiations regarding the Customs Union for #Brexit. Even more shocking that Johnson called the PM’s own proposal for a union ‘crazy’. #cabinetinchaos #ExitfromBrexit 
As things go from bad to worse for Tory Brexiteers, blame game starts. Current scapegoats; House of Lords. Before them judges, @BBC, Civil Service, CBI, IOD, @FT. @JananGanesh in today's FT gets it right - they’re looking to absolve themselves of responsibility for #Brexit chaos 
Google bans pro-life ads leading up to Ireland abortion referendum.  
Trinity students have unveiled a large Yes banner outside the College Green entrance ahead of the upcoming 8th amendment referendum  
Isn't it strange how they have totally changed the definition of 'hard brexit'? It always meant "any orderly departure that isn't a soft Brexit", i.e. leaving the Single Market/CU. Now they pretend it means their catastrofuck no deal armageddobrexit.  
#HandsOffOurParliament because if Scots cannot be allowed to consent or dissent after #Brexit on matters that affect them and where power is already devolved then Devolution is not worththe paper it’s written on 
Arlene Foster @DUPleader should understand that she's undermining the union. #Brexit is driven by English nationalism for which Ireland is a far away country of which we know little & care less, while Remainers would mostly be gladly rid of her kind of Unionism.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Scottish parliament rejects Brexit bill in challenge to Theresa May  
On a desk somewhere in Whitehall is a piece of paper headed "Brexit Customs White Paper".It is otherwise blank.  
Scottish politicians have refused to give their backing to a key piece of Theresa May’s Brexit legislation  
As @IainDale tries to justify #Erdogan's visit on the grounds of a "massive" Brexit trade deal, I wonder if he'll mention that the Turkish are demanding visa free travel & EU style freedom of movement as the quid pro quo?Are anti-migrant Brextremists really up for that?@LBC 
‘So beware, Brexit Britain – if you have no friends in a hostile environment – the dragons may come and get you.’ Axel Scheffler's Nibbies acceptance speech -  
So up to 63 Windrush citizens were deported 'in error'.I've said it before, one of my main concerns about brexit is that I simply don't trust government. They do horrible **** because they're only ever elected for economic reasons. 
I’m a working class kid from a council estate, so @JeremyCorbyn ’s promises & policies really spoke to me...Young people like me have never been more disappointed in, and let down by the Labour party than we have post-Brexit’ #stopbrexit #peopesvote #ffs 
When your parliament overwhelmingly votes to reject Theresa May’s Brexit legislation but the Tories are just gonna do it anyway because they’re bastards. pic.twitter.com/zoMR5kNbSR 
To everyone, like myself who's walking around with their stomach in a knot because of this referendum. Remember, so many of us are feeling it, but we're in this one together and we're damn sure on the right side of history #yeslove #Together4Yes 
Holyrood rejected the UK government’s EU withdrawal bill by 93 votes to 30 on Tuesday after Labour, Liberal Democrats and Scottish Greens backed Nicola Sturgeon’s decision to oppose proposals on post-Brexit power sharing set out in clause 11 of the bill.  
The Royal College of Nursing has become the first union to publicly back calls for a second referendum  
Well there you have it #Leavers. Your £350m/ week saving promised if you voted for #Brexit not only isn’t a saving at all,  but opens the #NHS to be held to ransom by #Trump. They didn’t put THAT on the bus. 
I'm pleased that @Scotgov have agreed to @ScottishLabour's parliamentary amendment for cross party talks on Brexit, it's now down to the @GOVUK to follow suit.It is clear new ideas and fresh voices are needed to break the deadlock over the EU withdrawal bill. 
Of course she will. Post brexit we'll be so desperate for trade deals they'll sign whatever is put in front of them. 
Thank you Scotland. .as many as 50% of English voters have no representation in Westminster. .If you guys save us from #brexit I will sing flower of scotland in my pants...#StopBrexit 
#Bulgaria is on its way to #Schengen & the euro area and #Spain supports us on this path. With PM @marianorajoy we discussed both our bilateral relations and current topics such as #Brexit, #security, #CohesionPolicy, the future of #EU#EU2018BG 
Pleased to meet Mayor of Antwerp @Bart_DeWever & @SanderLoones today to discuss shared priorities in the Brexit negotiations. Important for both sides that we protect jobs by keeping trade as frictionless as possible.  
MSPs at Holyrood have formally refused to grant consent to key Brexit legislation from Theresa May's government  
Former Taoiseach urges No vote in referendum on Eighth Amendment  @Independent_ie @Chooselife2018 
Turn the Brexit page and let’s move on by uniting progressives in the UK and in the EU: Interview in BIG ISSUE NORTH, 22 APR 2018  
The Lords have passed 14 amendments trying to delay, dilute, and derail Brexit. RT if you think 800 unelected Lords shouldn't be allowed to overrule the votes of 17.4 million people  
HMG has to face yet another legal and constitutional challenge to hard Brexit.  
So much for Brextremists idea that UK will have absolute sovereignty in all areas post Brexit. They're mainly clueless in my experience about international public law and UKs many Treaty obligations  
BREAKING: MSPs vote 93-30 to refuse consent to the Brexit bill  
#Brexit Minister @Feorlean said the decision of @ScotParl to withhold consent from the #EUWithdrawalBill means it must now be adjusted to respect the vote :  
#BREAKING Scottish parliament votes against UK's Brexit bill 
Useful reminder that even under "WTO only" Brexit the UK will still be subject to constraints on subsidies - and to the WTO dispute settlement system  
The result of the @ScotGov European Union (Withdrawal) Bill Debate is in – yes 93, no 30. The motion is therefore passed and means the @ScotParl does not give its consent for the EU Withdrawal Bill. #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
BREAKING - Just moments ago, MSPs rejected the UK Government’s Withdrawal Bill. We stood against the extremist #Brexit obsessions of the Tories and their plans for a #DevolutionDemolition as part of their disastrous #Brexit.  Share @Ross_Greer's video to show your support 
Big development. The Royal College of Nursing represents nearly half a million health professionals. They understand the damage that leaving the EU will do to the NHS, and how different the reality of Brexit is from what was promised.  
Scotland’s national Parliament backs 93/30 Scotland’s government in resisting the brexit-pretext power grab. Glad to see Scotland unite against Tory assault on devolution. 
BREAKING- The Scottish Parliament has voted NOT to provide consent for UK’s #Brexit legislation. 
MSPs have voted 93 to 30, refusing to give consent to the UK Government's EU Withdrawal Bill. #Brexit #DevolutionDemolition 
The Scottish Parliament is poised to formally reject the Brexit legislation.  
Very glad to see the #PeoplesVote movement building with the trade unions. The more weight we can throw behind this from the grassroots and the unions, the more chance we will get to have the #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal. #FinalSayForAll 
BREAKING: The Royal College of Nursing (@theRCN) backs a people's vote on the final Brexit deal. Brexit is crippling our NHS, glad to see those working in it call for a rethink 
The Royal College of Nurses (@theRCN) has just voted in favour of supporting a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Everybody needs to know this - please RT:  
When Leavers say that a #PeoplesVote is undemocratic just remind them that Farage and the Tory Brexiters were calling for a second referendum - a straight replay, not a vote on the final deal - in the event of a Remain victory. #StopBrexit #Brexit  
The Royal College of Nursing have just backed a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal 
Mrs May has run out of road to kick the can.We either Leave or Remain. Attempting a Transition to Brexit In Name Only (making UK a vassal state) has squandered time & negotiating strengthIt betrays democratic will of folk & has painted the govt into a corner... IT IS SIMPLE->  
Mike Russell's powerful speech set out exactly why the UK's Brexit power grab remains such a threat  
Brexit, summarised.  
Kate Hoey MP - "There are huge upsides of not being in the customs union."We would be able to actually import food at a much cheaper price, we would be able to make trade deals that are going to give us a long-term, better economic future." #Brexit  
Sarah Smith BBC reminds us "The UK government has the authority to simply impose the Brexit legislation on Scotland, even if that is politically problematic." Know your place Jock! 
Lords Abolition.If you haven't already contacted your MP please make sure you do before the Parliamentary debate in June. Tell them to attend and support a referendum on Lords abolition. You can phone them, email them, write to them, fax them or visit them. But please tell them. 
What a farce.  @UKLabour unable to agree on Brexit even though 70% of their members voted to remain.  Call yourselves an opposition when all you do is facilitate the #Selfservatives? 
Not so. Since the Brexit ref real household disposable income per head is up 1.8% in the EU, up 1.3% in OECD countries but DOWN 0.3% in the UK. Biggest fall of any developed economy, including Greece. (See link) Consumer confidence is falling fast.0.1% GDP Q1Insolvency up14%  
NEW: Taoiseach rubbishes the proposed 'max fac' Brexit border solution, where trusted traders would be exempted from persistent customs checks, as being no more effective than the "make-up or deodorant" he first thought the term referred to 
To the Leavers, the Brexiters and the liars - it's happening. And you caused it.Thomson Reuters is moving one of its businesses from London to Dublin because of Brexit  
Hello folks just out and about trying to sort the mess that Theresa has made of Brexit, trust me i will soon have it sorted. Don't worry about my coat its a trick of the early morning light and a crap snapper !!!!  
Will you help a patriot?I have started a news website  that is pro Trump Pro Brexit anti-PC Help by saving it to your phone home screen and use it for your daily news!Please Retweet this tell your friends and spread the word. Help a fellow patriot out! 
No significant progress made on any issue in negotiations since March, says EU - if a final Brexit deal ever happens, surely the public should have a say on it  
Labour will tomorrow try to force the Govt to publish Cabinet papers on the two customs options being considered by ministers to help break the deadlock in the Brexit negotiations. Rather than Parliament being side-lined, it  should be allowed to end the impasse once and for all.  
In need of romance? Fancy a love story? Check out the love-in between Labour, the Conservatives and UKIP in the National Assembly for #Wales. When it comes to negotiations with UK to protect Wales post-#Brexit, don't just give in... give your whole heart.  
We're hiring a parliamentary reporter at @PA. To live the dream of constitutional nightmares, Brexit legislation, Friday filibusters and Jim Shannon at adjournment debates, apply via...  
‘DLA is the fifth [law] firm to open in Dublin after the Brexit vote, following in the footsteps of Lewis Silkin, Simmons & Simmons, Covington & Burling and Pinsent Masons.’  
Murdo Fraser says the SNP are seeking to "ramp up a grievance agenda" to "drum up support for a second independence referendum". It's a "crying shame"  to see Labour and Lib Dems "aligning themselves with the separatists"  
.@EU_Commission has published the slide @MichelBarnier presented yesterday to the #EU27 Ministers on the possible framework for future EU/UK partnership #transparency #Brexit:  
I can’t express enough how much of an important factor mental health is in this referendum, women suffering with mental illness whether it be depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, BPD etc that woman WILL be denied her medication which she needs to function on a daily basis 
Do you enjoy big Commons votes? Then you’ll enjoy this tomorrow. Lose - and the government must reveal all its Brexit subcommittee papers!  
Thomson Reuters is planning to move its foreign exchange trading business from London to Dublin due to Brexit.Yet more #BrexitJobLosses - and a substantial drop in tax revenue 
Yesterday, Westmonster spoke to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. His message on Brexit? "We're getting there." FULL VIDEO:  
Brexit latest: As the EU claims nothing significant has happened since March, David Davis provides evidence to the contrary:  
Thomson Reuters is moving one of its businesses from London to Dublin because of #Brexit The group’s forex derivatives arm trades more than $300bn (£221bn) a day.#ProjectReality 
The kind of Brexit the UK voted for is one that takes back control. The only kind of Brexit that delivers that is leaving the customs union and single market. You can quibble all you like but had your chance to make your case to the country during the referendum and you lost.  
Must start making a list of what the damage of hard Brexit will be to the City of London  
I'm genuinely so scared for the results of the referendum to be announced, if this isn't passed it's gonna be such a sad day for Ireland 
Chandler is being investigated by French Intelligence for Ru ties. He lives in DUBAIHE HAS MALTESE CITIZENSHIPAdvocated strongly for Brexit. Had shares in Gazprom & backed Putin's moves to oust its CEOH/T  @dwinfrey72@LouiseMensch@thespybrief 
Theresa May 'not confident' unionists would win Irish border poll.It’s time for a referendum on Irish Unity. #UnityRef  
The LibDems will vote with the SNP because they don’t want Brexit at all, Labour will vote with the SNP because it is weak on the UK internal market, the Greens will vote with the SNP because, well, it what’s they do. Only the @ScotTories respect the outcome of both referendums 
THREAD on how Brexit is like a restaurant with a magical menu offering free food 1/12 
The founder of Cobra Beer, who arrogantly says the House of Lords knows what is best for Britain, is determined to scupper the referendum result, says @toryboypierce 
Fact: #Ukraine regime cut off water, electricity, imposed trade blockade on #CrimeaCrimeans made their choice in a referendum & very happy, you helped them to do soSo stop whining abt Crimea you've lost foreverWatch disappeared, jailed & intimidated ppl in UA #CrimeanBridge 
Just signed @joswabe forms to become a Dutch citizen. We’re losing so many talented Brits because of Brexit. Such a travesty.  
Thomson Reuters is moving its Forex business from London to Dublin because of #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Dear oh dear. Mike Rumbles admits LibDems are backing SNP on Brexit deal not because of the issue at hand but because they don't like Brexit. Weaselling. 
So... As an Indian immigrant who campaigned to Vote Leave and stood as a Tory for Parliament, I say to "the People" don't take any patronising lectures from an immigrant deriding Labour MP out-of-touch with the choice "the people" made to take back control of our future #Brexit  
#DinosaurDay 3 best dinosaurs  in POLITICS. Sir Vince Cable, Jeremy Corbyn, & Ken Clarke. All 3 hate Brexit & Donald Trump. Hopeless  all 3 politicians. No better dinosaurs   all 3.  
Many Leave voters have no knowledge of or interest in the complexities of how to achieve Brexit, they just want out. Many who didn't vote in the Referendum are sick of it all and just want closure. The momentum is with Remain but it could become mired in delusion and apathy. 
Remainers could not even win their own referendum.  How do you think they can help with Brexit?  
My thinking is to use the example of the fuel protests in 2000. It only took about 1 week of mild inconvenience for a popular government to collapse in the polls and perform a U-turn. Brexit is going to cause more than mild inconvenience. 
Michel Barnier has mocked Theresa May over her failure to agree a post-Brexit customs model with her ministers as he said it was “unnecessary to fight” over two options which Brussels will reject anyway 
Mike Russell tells MSPs that the progress made under devolution should not be "cast aside" due to Brexit - something "we did not vote for and which can only be damaging" to Scotland  
Nobody can say they voted for Brexit to remove powers from the Scottish Parliament because that was never proposed or promised, nor was it warned as an outcome by the campaign against Brexit. This is pure opportunism from the Tories. 
The Mogg knows the importance of our government respecting the referendum result.No more concessions! If the EU wish to play hard ball, we must leave without a deal.   
.@NicolaSturgeon has insisted that independence is "not off the table". She said "I'm not sure that independence will ever be off the table".Join the majority of Scotland against another unwanted and divisive referendum, sign up here: #NoToIndyref2 
Excellent thread, Mike. When we all desert, and JC is left with Corbinites and the dogmatically blind, Brexit itself will be the ultimate, cruel betrayal of the young. Still, he'll always have Redkippers ... 
... the #irony of #brexitGovt now so desperate for a trade deal, they're about to give freedom of movement to Turkey !Does @Nigel_Farage @ukip @LiamFox @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson and @michaelgove know about this ???Are 90,000,000 Turks on their way to the UK ??? 
"For the few, not the many." Corbyn's #Brexit policy is betraying his supporters, especially the young - writes Rosie McKenna for @FFSake_#PeoplesVote 
Walk away.  Only way Walk away!' City of London chief urges Theresa May to issue EU Brexit ultimatum  
A wonderful speech from Axel Scheffler about What he, Judith Kerr and all the other Europeans in the UK bring to the arts, culture and education of this country. And after #Brexit? Who knows? Will the Kerrs and Schefflers of the world be turned away?  
I don’t know why elite liberals hate Brexit. It’s done wonders for their careers, says @timothy_stanley 
DUP ready to TOPPLE May over Brexit betrayal!' Fury at EU deal that would 'DESTROY trade'  
It seems to me that it is when brexit will fail and not if. brexiteers are positioning themselves for the blame game realising that it is now impossible to implement goals and expectations which were totally unrealistic and unworkable.There is no leave will of the people left 
Whilst I can’t tell you in even the vaguest of terms what type of Brexit we will be delivering; I can tell you with absolute certainty that it is precisely the type of Brexit that every single Leave voter individually voted for.  
So Zuck will bow to the EUParl but wont do so to Westminster. Perhaps the perfect example of how Brexit is the exact opposite of taking back control.  
HOW DARE THE EU INTERFERE IN OUR TERRITORIAL INTEGRITY, IS THIS SOFT BREXIT BY THE BACK DOOR, MY GOD MAN. 
NO side logic from a midwife () All these manic statements from the NO side (exact same people who opposed Marriage Equality) is reminding me of the last few days of the Marriage Referendum. It’s just ugly. All they want is conservative societal control over your choices.  
The Scottish Parliament is about to make Brexit even more difficult for Theresa May Go Nicola! Even if Brexit was/is the will of the people in England, it certainly isn't in Scotland! 
Much like Labour would be doing with their own supporters, who will surely desert the party in droves when they find out they were misled over Brexit.I hope you understand my position, and my frustration./ends. 
However, if Labour support a Tory Hard Brexit by abstaining in parliamentary votes which could stop it I'll continue my strategic ambiguity by supporting Labour, but not in a meaningful way. 7/ 
WATCH  | Brexit stalwart @KateHoeyMP excellently outlines the advantages of leaving the protectionist EU Customs Union and blasts those using these "so-called economic reasons" to keep us in because "they know that if we stay in a customs union we are really staying in the EU". 
This would demonstrate to me that Labour is prepared to genuinely support the Many rather than the ERG few over Brexit.If this happens I'll restore my Direct Debit and make up the losses immediately. 6/ 
People who have tweeted me with a suggestion that the Referendum Commission might take the @ireland account next week - how would you see it working, please? How would you suggest they handle it? Thank you. 
Brexit Britain will not “take back control” but lose it - on an historically unprecedented scale - to big American multinationals. Time to think again.  
Okay. Thread incoming.I'll preface it with this: I am voting Yes in the upcoming referendum to repeal the 8th amendment of the Irish Constitution. I don't expect everyone to agree; I respect and understand those that don't.  But here are my reasons to #repealthe8th. 
Corbyn Labour's ambiguity on whether there should be referendum on eventual Brexit deal becomes less ambiguous - for a few seconds!  
Almost like she is desperate to stop Brexit  
Like you, politics informs my choice of listening. In my last three BBC radio interviews about music, I’ve spoken extensively about Palestine, feminism, pacifism and Brexit. Not one of those words has made the final cut. I’m sure it’s not a conspiracy, but striking nevertheless 
The @OpenUniversity has found widespread vacancies are forcing hospitals to spend £2.4bn a year on agency nurses; equivalent to the salaries of over 108,000 newly qualified registered nurses. #Brexit has meant a 90% drop in apps from nurses from Europe. The ref costs us every day 
'Walk away!' City of London chief urges Theresa May to issue EU Brexit ultimatum He's not the only that thinks she should walk away ! 
IF Corbyn were replaced by a 'Remainer', Brexit would be Dead in a Week, and the New Leader would be our next PM Shortly After.Simple.Get #CorbynOut and #StopBrexit ! 
May Attacks Rees-Mogg over Clean Brexit Support to ‘Send a Signal’ to Brexiteers   
Hats off to @RadQueersResist for once again covering obnoxiously graphic pictures displayed by anti-choicers in town. So much love for every single person who's there today or who has been involved in any counter protest during this referendum   
With Windrush we were talking about the dysfunctionality of government by ideological diktat. On Brexit May has identified two customs proposals. Both have advantages and drawbacks. She is attempting to find a sensible, workable compromise. So she gets attacked for indecision. 
Lib Dems need to up their game. They have a great opportunity to hoover up disaffected Labour supporters opposed to Brexit.Some supporters will scream 'Tuition fees! Austerity!', but they're ignoring that Labour introduced TF and that austerity was part of their 2010 manifesto.  
So last night at the #Nibbies, the British Book Publishing Awards, the highlight of the evening was a passionate speech and standing ovation for German illustrator Axel Scheffler’s barnstorming anti-Brexit acceptance speech. Read his speech here:  
ANDREW PIERCE: Blair is behind Miliband's Brexit bashing  via @MailOnline 
Finally! #EU and @EU_Commission to investigate #Spain's police brutality during #1oct #Catalonia's referendum! At the same time there are many processes against Spain in the #UN. Catalans will finally have justice and world will see the true face of Spain. 
The verdict of karnataka is a reflection of good governance given by PM Shri @narendramodi ji. It is also a referendum to the organisational skill of our national president Shri @AmitShah ji. Big thanks to our all party members and people of Karnataka....  @BJP4India 
Wouldn't it have been sensible to investigating the impacts of Brexit before having a referendum? Or even not having a referendum? #StopBrexit 
Tony Blair is the real puppet master behind Miliband's excruciating Brexit bashing return:  
Wages rose at an annual rate of 2.9% in the three months to March, faster than inflation.Exactly as we predicted (and Lord Rose of Remain predicted) before the Referendum. via @BBC 
Whether you voted #Remain or #Brexit, retweet if you think Theresa May's government is making a dogs' dinner of everything 
Corbyn’s right - we would be a ‘rule taker’. But a hard Brexit would destroy our economy and hit the poorest the hardest. We won’t get a deal as good as the one we have now - which is why there should be a #PeoplesVote and the option to Remain #FFS 
The Scottish Parliament is expected to refuse to give its consent to the UK's main piece of Brexit legislation. 
Tmw (Weds 16 May) is a big day for the public’s health. It’s Third reading of the #EUWithdrawalBill and we’re hoping for further Govt reassurance that the #DoNoHarm duty will remain on our statute book after #Brexit. Here's a reminder of the organisations supporting it   
Nicola Sturgeon just increased hopes of a second referendum. 
#Brexit insanity nr. 3962We've now reached the stage that a hard Brexit member of the infamous Tory "European Research Group" wants a significantly softer Brexit than the leader of the Labour Party - Jeremy Corbyn.Reflect on that for a minute.  
Watching tv in dentist’s waiting room at the moment. Headline: Holyrood to refuse consent to EU Withdrawal Bill over Brexit powers. A small cheer escaped. People are looking at me. Most are smiling. 
Miliband's arrogance to try & return to UK politics is repugnant.The banana-waving bighead,famous only for bottling one leadership challenge before losing to his little brother & stomping off to New York.He now demands we heed his every word on Brexit.  
Bottom line May has to go, any PM willing to entertain an EU Customs Union or 'Partnership' has no place in high office.God bless the DUP.#Brexit  
Just out: my for-now-up-to-date Briefing Paper on Customs & Regulatory Arrangements post-Brexit.  Are Max Fac and the Customs Partnership going to satisfy both UK and EU?  What about mutual recognition/outcome alignment?  More here:  
Latest ICM polling: "Leave and strike our own trade deals" most popular choice No extension of transition dealThe people want us to get on with Brexit! When will this government stop dragging its heels?   
The government is "heading at full steam towards an undeliverable goal" in its attempt to implement Brexit by 2020, according to Lord Kerslake, the former head of the UK civil service  
I almost admire lethargic Lib Dem response to Corbyn nailing down his hard Brexit preferences. Liberal-left remain open goal and LDs' boots not even laced. 
The #PeoplesVote March is next month - help us show that we need a vote on the final Brexit deal by supporting the March here:  
When post referendum, the deep analysis of this campaign is done, I think there'll be agreement that the 'No' side win on last night's TV debate will go down as perhaps the most resounding TV debate 'win' in modern Irish politics. 
Politics is upside down.The IRA are men of peace, the British Army are scoundrels.A democratic referendum is 'against the wishes of the people'.Israel are terrorists, for defending their border against terrorists.Illegal immigrants are not criminals, they are all doctors. 
A reminder, from a Norwegian, of why what is by far the least damaging Brexit option is still a crock. The choice is between whichever one of a set of options ranging from appalling to pretty bad UKGov negotiates, and stopping Brexit.  
Almost two-thirds of Leave voters don’t think Brexit is going very well so far... I bet millions of them would jump at the oppotunity to stop it.  
Strange how these overbearing initiatives to tackle obesity always involve chiselling MORE money out of the public. Never seems to occur to anyone to propose lowering the exorbitant fees for council-run swimming pools, or taking VAT off bikes and gym memberships after Brexit.   
The EU referendum may have been swung by a single deliberate lie.  
 Scottish Greens believe Scotland’s future is in Europe. We are standing against the extremist #Brexit obsessions of the Tories and their European Union (Withdrawal) Bill.  Like and share and help us say no to the #DevolutionDemolition squad  
THE DUP would not hesitate in bringing down Theresa May, according to a Brexit expert, amid growing frustration among Brexiteers at what they see as a "trade-destroying" deal with the EU. 
Some people on the left in the UK have been calling angry red-faced white men who voted for Brexit ‘gammon’.Some say it’s an unpleasant slur as it mocks people’s appearance. Some say it’s racist...or something.I’m gonna make up my own mind after I stop snickering.  
Perhaps it’s time for responsible MPs to agree, en masse, that Brexit is fundamentally flawed, legally tainted, and undeliverable without causing very serious damage to the country’s economy & undermining the GFA. In other words, isn’t it time to pull the plug on this farce?  
Brexit can't have it both ways.You can't have an anti-globalisation Brexit that brings business benefits closer to home AND a Global-Britain Brexit that "opens us up to the world beyond Europe". 
TUC General Secretary @FrancesOGrady is absolutely right to point out that there are 100,000 jobs in the North East linked to the EU at risk from Brexit, as well as many more across the UK.  
The tooth fairy takes away our children's teeth.The Brexit fairy takes away our children's future.  
And you are about to dismantle what there is with Brexit  
The largest foreign exchange derivatives business in Europe — which trades more than $300bn a day — is moving to Dublin from London in preparation for Brexit  
'DUP ready to TOPPLE May over Brexit betrayal!' Fury at EU deal that would 'DESTROY trade'  
Big for Dublin. #Brexit  
The reality of Brexit. Even if a "soft" deal is achieved. Even if A50 is revoked. Companies have started leaving. They won't be back.  
Commenting, Lord Green of Deddington, Chairman of Migration Watch UK, said: "These new labour force figures dispose of any claim of a Brexodus. Workers born in the EU at 2.37 million are 155,000 higher than in the same quarter before the referendum."  
This is by Peter Hill in today’s Express. I could not have put it better myself. Brexit can still happen but our political class have always intended to betray it. Remember how you got the Referendum - by voting UKIP.  Keep voting UKIP if you want to Leave the EU!  
Theresa May and Jacob Rees-Mogg clash in private Brexit meeting  
First India making it clear that more immigration would be the price of a trade deal, and now Turkey demanding freedom of movement. As we warned, #Brexit weakens Britain's control over its borders and will result in more non-EU immigration.#StopBrexit 
'Losing free movement will be a huge blow to young Brits (in the UK & EU 27). I’m from Gloucester and, as things stand, Old Spot Pork and Double Gloucester cheese will be able to travel more easily across EU borders than I will'. #Brexit #brexodus 
As an employee of RTE I am prevented (and rightly so) from expressing a public opinion on the upcoming referendum.However, I had to turn this off last night. It quickly devolved into a clapping, whooping, laughing competition.This debate deserves more.  
*Tax Payers Alliance* is insidious propaganda by a group blatantly misrepresenting themselves as a Consumer Movement. Part of a trend in Brexit UK, in which #FakeNews isn't challenged, even on the flagship @BBC We are slipping into a manipulated state more akin to Turkey & Russia 
ICYMI: @nick_clegg on #BBCDP yesterday on why he supports a #PeoplesVote, the best outcome to the final Brexit deal - and put the decision in the hands of the people, not the politicians. Please RT:  
Brexit is forcing a Teddington based business to move to Ireland. Far from cutting red tape, Brexit is a business harming, bureaucratic nightmare for small-medium businesses @sarahjolney1 
Thomson Reuters has applied to the Central Bank to move its foreign exchange derivative trading facility to Dublin from London because of Brexit.  
BREAKING Next RTE Referendum Debate To Be Moderated By Jerry Springer  
Apparently it doesn't matter much if the UK Parliament ignores the Sewel Convention .BTW, Sarah, your analogy with Theresa May's reaction to Holyrood's vote in favour of a second referendum last year is entirely misplaced.  
The ONLY reason the 'Remain" lobby continue to frame the narrative is our wobbly PM who does not believe in Brexit and her cabinet of mostly Remainers. A genuine Brexiteer PM would make ALL the difference. 
"Foreign cunts like you should be forbidden to speak on British streets"This received by a fellow remainer. We also receive threats,,,, If you want to know what you're fighting against, it is this. The advisory referendum has 'enabled' these thugs. #FBPE #exitfrombrexit pic.twitter.com/kZPzfxga5T 
Thomson Reuters is moving one of its businesses from London to Dublin because of Brexit  
UN Human Rights Chief #Zeid highlights tension following recent attack on a village in #Burundi leaving 26 civilians dead, and is concerned about a possible upsurge in violence in the run-up to Thursday’s controversial constitutional referendum   
We should stop using #Gammon and start being straight.  These people are hate filled xenophobic racists who don't give a fig for the negative consequences of #Brexit,  so long as they don't have to hear Polish spoken in Greggs when they buy their lunchtime pasties. 
A former head of the Civil Service has warned that Theresa May's Brexit plans are 'undeliverable'.  
Financial advisor in the City of London has urged Theresa May to get tough and “walk away” from Brexit negotiations until financial services are back on the negotiating table.  
'DUP ready to topple May over Brexit betrayal!' Fury at EU deal that would 'destroy trade'   
'Walk away!' City of London chief urges Theresa May to issue EU Brexit ultimatum  
Thanks for your hard work. Sorry to see you go #Brexit  
SNP want Brexit to fail. They want the Union to fail. They appear to want key industries of fishing and farming to get the worst Brexit deal - all so they can ‘blame Westminster!’ and promote their indy2 agenda. Are Labour and Lib Dems against the integrity of UK internal market?  
What A Bloody Mess - Government is currently having a massive argument over two options already rejected by Brussels  #Brexit #Toxic 
‘LONDON - Theresa May's government is "heading at full steam towards an undeliverable goal" in its attempt to implement her Brexit customs plans by 2020, the former head of the UK civil service has told Business Insider.’  
They came out believing in a Yes vote. This referendum is the third and most important group, but last night's debate was far from the calm & reasoned debate undecided people deserved and needed to make up their mind the same way the citizens assembly and Oireachtas committee did 
"At some point even the most indulgent audience will see these as the choices of a leader who not only likes Brexit, but likes it hard." @rafaelbehr on the People's Jez. 
It has come to my attention that Richard Smith, the owner of 55 Tufton Street and trustee of PERT (a "charity" formerly the Taxpayers Alliance Research Trust) donated £150,000 to the Labour Leave group (co-chaired by Kate Hoey and John Mills) in the run-up to the referendum. 
Today Labour and the Lib Dem’s will vote with the SNP to further the nationalist interest rather than the national interest. Only the @ScotTories are defending the integrity of the UK. Nicola Sturgeon has refused to compromise and prefers to pick a fight than make a deal #Brexit  
The Scottish Parliament is about to make Brexit even more difficult for Theresa May  
Global legal giant DLA Piper to launch Dublin office in post-Brexit move  via @CityAM 
No such thing as a "Jobs first brexit"Just like "strong & stable" is another meaningless sloganThe Tories & Labour are being extremely dishonest with the UK public!We need a vote on the final deal that includes remain as an option.#FinalSayForAll#FinalSay#PeoplesVote 
#Fisheries having second thoughts about #Brexit ?  
It is amazing that any country is willing to watch so many of its brightest and best opt for citizenship of different countries. I see so many young now doing this as well as many business owners on top of the EU staff. #brexit #braindrain is real. 
Articulate interview with Maria who fears for the future and says the referendum created a THEM v US mentality which is completely unnecessary. She lived and taught in the UK for nearly 25 years but has faced calls for her to 'go home'.  #BrexitIsPersonal 
First Brexit and now press freedom - the tone-deaf House of Lords has nothing but contempt for democracy, and by extension has nothing but contempt for the people. Time for them to go. 
#NigelFarage: ‘Dishonest #DavidMiliband should go back to #NewYork’. “He now defines a hard #Brexit as anything that isn’t full regulatory alignment with the #EuropeanUnion. “That is a completely dishonest interpretation of the Brexit result.”  #BBC #SKY 
City of London increasingly confident Brexit will not happen ...  
Norway-style Brexit option can't be considered, Corbyn tells MPs: Isn’t it up to your membership, who are overwhelmingly anti Brexit. @jeremycorbyn? When did @UKLabour become a dictatorship? 
Confusion over Labour's Brexit stance on Norway-style deal: No confusion, Corbyn has always wanted Brexit. Read his previous Morning Star articles in which he describes the EU as an instrument of US foreign policy! Laughable naive politics.  
Whilst my profile is a tiny fraction of what it once was, so the tag celebrity does not fit as well as it might have once done, I have had 2 gigs pulled on me because I voted for Brexit. I think it not harming Gary's career speaks more of the honour of Brexiteers than Remoaners.  
If Theresa May announced that the British people should have the final say on any Brexit deal and therefore, she would call a second EU referendum - that would show strong and stable leadership.She won’t though. Because in her mind, party comes before country.#PeoplesVote 
Exclusive: Theresa May's Brexit plans are 'undeliverable' warns former head of UK civil service @BIUK @tpgcolson 
Remainers have loved to claim that any UK economic slowdown is #Brexit related without realising that it is a global issue as poor German data shows  
‘MPs & peers are right to challenge every twist & turn of Brexit until absolutely sure the disrupters are not wreaking devastation while preserving their status as self-appointed tribunes of the people’  
Looking forward to working closely with @FedericaMog on a new partnership with the UK on foreign and security policy after #Brexit  
If we leave the Single Market we will destroy more than thousands of jobs. So why is no one in business speaking out against Brexit?  
Holyrood set to formally deny consent to UK Brexit Bill  
Palestine is a tinderbox, Brexit is a mess, there’s a lack of disclosure over the Windrush Scandal, and yet we have obsequious forelock tugging media coverage of two stinking rich people who happen to be getting married on Saturday. #RoyalWedding #BreadAndCircuses 
I do solemnly swear, by almighty Corbyn/May that I, MP for ______ put Leader before Party, Party before Country. I will preserve the Party at all costs, even to the detriment of my constituents. I will do all that my Leader bids me. For thine is the Brexit. So help me Corbyn/May. 
Mike Russell tells #BBCGMS he expects the PM to take heed as Holyrood set to reject Brexit powers bill  
Politics of #Brexit in UK is now seriously out of control thanks to self-defeating ideology of Brexiters on customs union. Very unclear what is going to happen... 
Have you been mis-sold Brexit?The last date to reclaim a prosperous and tolerant Britain is October.   You need to register for a #PeoplesVote.Contact @Scientists4EU or @OFOCBrexit or @euromove; tell @TheNewEuropean DO IT NOW![Some kind of surprising crash to the economy] 
Was told I was doom-mongering when I predicted in my column from Gibraltar last year that the territory & specifically its airport would become problem in the Brexit talks  
Adore this picture of @Together4yes canvassers crossing the bridge onto Cruit Island in Donegal. Everyone working in any way for a yes vote in this referendum is a hero. #RepealThe8th 
Scottish Parliament set to formally refuse consent to key UK #Brexit legislation in unprecedented move  
Exclusive: Theresa May's Brexit plans are 'undeliverable' warns former head of UK civil service  via @BIUK_Politics 
Very damning report out today of the Rural Payments Agency from the @CommonsEFRA - failing in its core duties and not up to post-Brexit challenges of administering a replacement for the Common Agricultural Policy.  
“I’m now the person most responsible for keeping the Tories in power and holding the UK on course for a disastrous hard Brexit. Yay!”  
Pessimism about Brexit customs impasse after Rees-Mogg remarks  
Time for PM May to walk away from Brexit talks? City of London chief says yes.  
Anyone I hear say they could live with Border checks post #brexit don't;1 - do business across border2 - travel across it3 - live near it 
No significant progress has been made on any issue in Brexit negotiations since March, EU says  
Nicola Sturgeon just increased hopes of a second referendum. 
1642 - only 376 years ago - we had a Civil War. Heads were chopped off. All because a King believed God gave him the Right to do whatever he wanted. 2018 - the Super Rich believe they have a Divine Right to become even richer. #Brexit is the Will of Billionaires - not People. 
1/ One of the great scandals of #Brexit is why so soon after becoming PM Theresa May rushed to see Rupert Murdoch in New York? Why has she not told us the content of that meeting? And why have press and politicians asked so few questions about it?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
In today's news:- Corbyn tells MPs he won't back EEA deal- May clashes with Rees-Mogg over customs arrangements- Holyrood set to reject Brexit powers bill- Gibraltar talks deadlocked over Spanish airport demand 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE sign PETITION : Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  thought I'd grovel this time 
Apparently DUP/Brexit sympathisers don't want to believe yesterday's picture of the EU/Swiss border showing buildings, vehicle checks and armed officers. So here's another one of the tailback, which was 5 km at 5 pm.  
RTÉ One 21:30 Claire Byrne Live: Claire invites a member of the referendum commission on to fact-check whatever the fuck happened last night but they just stare at her like “how did you let this happen” 
I want a hard Brexit but say I don’t; I want to end antisemitism in Labour but do nothing about it; I want open borders but say I want limits on immigration; I want to be on my allotment but say I want to be PM. ‘Honest, straightforward politics’...is going to plan. 
READ: Gov is "heading at full steam towards an undeliverable goal" in its attempt to implement Brexit by 2020, according to former head of the civil service, Lord Kerslake.  
With hindsight 72% of Labour voters think it was a mistake for the UK to vote to Leave the EU. Only 22% of Labour voters back it. Jeremy Corbyn might curry favour with Nigel Farage on his Brexit stance but his own voters don't agree with him.  
We put the question #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe to @TulipSiddiq. Her reply was very familiar, almost 2 years since the vote, we're still waiting to hear one way in which #Brexit will benefit the people of the #UK. #SODEMaction #StopBrexitSaveBritain #WATON 
Today, the SNP will oppose a Brexit powers deal. The Labour government in Wales has backed it. Why the difference?  
Those in Labour advocating a Norway-style Brexit, with unreformed free movement, are carrying on a great liberal tradition of ignoring the average voter. We shouldn’t even be debating this at this stage. Move on.  
Crazy, cretinous, enemies of people? interesting theory by Janan Ganesh today - Brexiters writing their narrative of betrayal early so they can say 'not my fault' when Brexit Shangi-La fails to materialise  via @financialtimes 
Honoured to speak to Bulgarian citizens in the European Parliament on Brexit and their rights to settle in the UK. You have contributed to our society, paid your taxes and paid down our debts. You are most welcome  @The3Million @ilhankyuchyuk 
Labour MPs (outside of London) warn Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn against any Brexit model that does not reform immigration  
Very moving - Adenauer on Churchill - also in my post this morning. I have not the slightest doubt that Churchill would have been against Brexit & set out the whole case in my book with Will Hutton out in a fortnight  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says something else on Brexit I wish I had heard from Theresa May.  
Listening to SNP Brexit Minister Mike Russell interview on Radio 4 it is immediately obvious what an able & articulate politician he isPerhaps if Tories could have embraced Cross Party EU Brexit negotiators a satisfactory UK deal could have been reached by now Different Class 
Russia meddled in Catalonia independence referendum, says German intelligence boss | World | The Times  
Exclusive: Lord Kerslake, the former head of the civil service, told us both the UK government's customs proposals are "undeliverable""We haven't sorted out a deliverable version of the end state of Brexit because there isn't a deliverable version"  
''When remainers say they want to stay in the single market, that is code for saying they don't like the referendum result'' #QuestionTimeTravel to 2016 when Jacob Rees-Mogg said that if the UK is to fully leave the EU, the country would have to leave the single market #bbcqt 
German domestic intelligence service says it was “very plausible” that Moscow had carried out a campaign of disinformation before the secession referendum in October to encourage voters to back splitting from Spain.  
Scottish Brexit minister Mike Russell: “There is no such thing as a single market in the UK.” #r4today 
Jeremy Corbyn's line on Brexit will damage Britain, damage British families, put jobs at risk, put workers rights at risk and close the door on EU. It's no different from what Farage wants. The hardest of hard Brexits. He's enabling the Tories. He's doing Jacob Rees-Mogg's Work. 
.@GaryLineker showing yet again why he is so much more popular than the papers who try to do him in. Sound on so much esp Brexit and the press.   
What a farce that Labour has still - after all this time - to get its act together on Brexit  
On the predictably unedifying sight of Jeremy Corbyn pumping up the tyres on Theresa May's hard Brexit bus.  
“The same arrogance..and establishment-speak that lost the Remain campaign......”Watch Labour MP Caroline Flint’s brilliant summary of where we are now as she slams  Nick Clegg &  other Remoaners who want to ignore the referendum result. She totally nails it.  
“By choosing these clothes, wearers are silently screaming." As the abortion referendum nears, the Irish fashion community comes out in favor of Repeal the 8th.  
If #Brexit happens, the only people smiling will be a handful of racists and a small group of fanatical or indifferent billionaires. The rest of us will be poorer: financially, culturally, socially and spiritually.Time for a #PeoplesVote 
Go on # PCPEU acolytes, have a crack at telling me again how Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn wants to stay in the EU? He has thwarted every option, Corbyn wants Brexit, he will never get my vote. @UKLabour your leader has made your party unelectable as a government, time to get rid. 
[In style of infomercial]Hi thereHaving problems with unworkable Customs Union alternatives?Want Single Market benefits but hate having no say on the rules?And costs just *keep* racking up?Here at Common Sense Solutions we have an alternative.It’s called Fuck Brexit. 
Then Mr Corbyn will be advocating a ‘jobs lost’ Brexit.   
I will be voting against the Legislative Consent Motion on Brexit today as it could lead to undermining our National Parliament which was set up with the consent of our people.  
RIP #LabourParty No flowers please, All donations to The Liberal Democrats. #LibDemsNorway-style option after Brexit can't be considered, Corbyn tells MPs  
Sadly I didn't become Rights Professional of the Year last night but it made me realise how honoured I am to be doing a job that is the opposite of Brexit. I help celebrate books that cross all borders, all countries, and in some cases, all universes.... Thank you to all. 
Exclusive - Jumping ship: Brexit-hit EU staff ditch UK passports  #brexit #braindrain 
"Holyrood set to reject Westminster Brexit powers bill"Good!Better than @UKLabour who just rolled over and handed back its Welsh assemblies powers to Westminster "believing" the Tories promise they would had them back in 5 years.Like fuck they will. 
Who are Clegg and Milliband? Didn't the electorate show what they thought of them and their position on Brexit? Or was even that fake news?  
Remoaners 'TORN APART' on Newsnight for desperate Irish border plot to 'FRUSTRATE Brexit'  
No-one voted to be poorer and no-one voted for this shambolic mishandling of #Brexit either.It's time for MPs to step up to the plate.  
‘MP John Mann warned that Labour would lose seats like his in Bassetlaw if it was perceived that the party had “watered down” its Brexit position.’Sums it up perfectly, more bothered about redkippers and their misinformed sensitivities than the state of the economy overall. 
You cannot by definition be both a Remainer and be heartbroken about not getting Brexit, Norway-style or not. I want to Remain, a “soft” Brexit will still be heartbreaking.  
Leavers are preparing their Brexit betrayal narrative - they don't wish to be associated with their own project, says @JananGanesh  via @FT 
Mps of Both parties need to be braver. Time to take a good hard look at yourselves. If you do not support Brexit Policy, Say so!The support for you is right here.Remain is vocal and loud and honest.There are a lot of us.#StopBrexit 
Don’t kid yourself, it is time to wake up. #Brexit is a con, a distraction. There is no upside to it. Just look at the so called £350m for the NHS  We are wasting time rather than working on the real issues we need to face in this country.  
Wake up, #Labour remainers. There is no 'long game'.Corbyn rules out Norway-style option and backs a hard brexit.When will you put a stop to this betrayal of your party & its values?#CorbynOut#StopBrexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg's Epic Response To Nick Clegg's Brexit Intervention  
I’ve tabled Lords motion for tomorrow calling on MPs to debate Lords amendments to EU Withdrawal Bill on Customs Union, EEA & Ireland as soon as possible because of their urgency to Brexit negotiations. Rumour that Mrs May will try delay as she doesn’t have votes to defeat them 
The knucklehead MP John Mann warned that Labour would lose seats like his in Bassetlaw if it was perceived that the party had “watered down” its Brexit position. Not the point, old cock! What is in the NATIONAL INTEREST? This is the ONLY CONSIDERATION! @JohnMannMP @Andrew_Adonis 
Breaking News March 2022Prime Minister Michael Gove says that he has successfully negotiated a further 18 months in which to finalise the Brexit deal, this will allow time for the all Ireland unification referendum to take place.#FBPE 
What a farce! Labour up in arms about Tory hard Brexit but @jeremycorbyn determined to be its handmaiden 
The government 'delivering' Brexit is like your Amazon parcel arriving damaged beyond repair in transit, it wasn't the item you ordered anyway and there's a 700 billion quid surcharge. Yet here's the delivery guy awarding himself a 5 star review.  
‘Starting to damage our democracy’...’starting’??...the reason for the catastrophe of Brexit is that our ‘democracy’ is a sick joke. 37% of an electorate overrules a ‘sovereign Parliament’ meant to act on the facts in the best interests of the country? That’s ‘democracy’?  
“The Brits are perfectly capable of managing the Brits and don't need Brussels telling them how to manage things. I just don't believe in the concept of a United States of Europe. It's not viable." #BREXIT  
Who now can doubt that Jeremy Corbyn wants a hard Brexit?  
What a Farce? #Labour sniping at the government instead of biting the bullet and mounting a full blown opposition to their disastrous Brexit plans and coming out for remaining in the EU.  
Annoyed that every major Remain group starts strong then weakens.A firm protest against? Nah, make it a family fun day for the middle class!Stop Brexit? Nah, we're jumping to Soft Brexit!Do I have to climb to the top of the pile myself and say something? 
Finally she admits her "cretinous" plans for a Customs Union are a failure. That leaves only the Hard Brexit Now option - get on with it!  via @Telegraph 
MDC voters have voted out a Māori ward on the referendum. Inevitable. Poor process that allows the majority to vote on the rights of a minority. 
Imagine how they would react if the referendum result had been 52% remain and the BrExiteers had been as obstructive and anti democratic as Remainers are now.  
Michel Barnier, the EU's chief Brexit negotiator, has pledged to build a 'close partnership' with the UK on foreign and security policy after Brexit — but still warned that Britain would have to accept losing decision-making rights.  
Nicky Morgan says staying in the single market is the 'only sensible way forward' with Brexit  
If you oppose Brexit I personally recommend you show @Femi_Sorry by following him. Like so many of us he is getting the message out to #StopBrexit and he is connecting to the younger majority whose future is effect most by the national madness that is Brexit. pic.twitter.com/MmFoF8MUqh 
Brexit: EEA myths - we have an option here which solves most of the immediate problems of Brexit. But it's a solution about which most the media know terrifyingly little, and even most of its advocates don't fully understand it...  #Brexinfo. 
Great read from @Delta_Brad. If you are going to organize a referendum to change our electoral system, at least tell us what the new system would be! #DeltaBC #bcpoli 
Why is Burundi referendum driving all of u nuts? Is Burundi the first country to change it constitution? Did u go at this stupid extend when #Kagame, #Museveni & so many others did?This Burundi obsession is getting out of control and a great proof of media corruption.Shame on you 
#Political Turd #DavidMiliband joining up with #NickClegg & #NickyMorgan! To stop a hard #Brexit (NO Brexit). From the man who earns £425,000 a year working for a #Charity knee deep in #sexabuse, #fraud and #bribery allegations! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome #Labour #Tory #Libdems 
For anyone that feels affected by #cblive or just the referendum you are not alone and you are very important! @REPEAL_LK are holding a pop in self care session in @OrmstonHouse from 12-6 tomorrow! Everyone is welcome and there will be some #Togetherforyes merch on sale too  
Sturgeon warns of catastrophic 'no deal' Brexit  
Who now can doubt that Jeremy Corbyn wants a hard Brexit? | Rafael Behr  
#JacobReesMogg The #customsunion is a #protectionist racket designed to protect inefficient continental industries  @Jacob_Rees_Mogg nails #NickClegg's most stupid argument yet!  #BBC #SKY #LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #Tory #ConservativeParty #BREXIT 
A #Eurosceptic, #antiestablishment alliance is on the cards in #Italy. Italy and #Greece were left high and dry by #AngelaMerkel’s madness. Now #Brussels is paying the price! GOOD!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome #Brexit #UK #EU @Conservatives #Tory 
I keep telling you it makes more sense to #RemainInTheEU, but you continue to help that crazy old guy with his Jobs Go First #Brexit. 
The Irish Border is a problem if the EU says it is, even if it isn't.It's hard Brexit or #remainParliament won't support a hard Brexit, so in 8 to 9 weeks Brexit will be dead.Suck it up!#Newsnight 
I join you too following your comments. I am seething at the way Brexit has unleashed a nastiness I have never seen before in the 65 years of my life. I just wish Brexit would go away!!! 
Dramatic moment during #cblive Referendum Debate when Mary Lou McDonald changed sides. #Savethe8th 
Some people have argued that the term #Gammon is offensive.Oh, I hope so.I am offended by Brexit every day.I am insulted by politicians.I am insulted by the press.The least I can do is offend the Gammons. #Gammon, it's a Brexity state of mind. 
Broadcasting Authority of Ireland-01 644 1200. Expect a call from me in the morning.Complaints@rte.ie , expect an e-mail from me, also in the morning. Referendum Commission - 01 -639 5695. Yup, you as well. #Together4Yes #repealthe8th #cblive @repeal_shield 
Take heart people of Britain: however great #Brexit’s demonstrable harm may be, it is easily outweighed by the many benefits that we are mysteriously unable to specify. 
Mr Starmer, the Electoral Commission has just concluded that the 2016 Referendum leave vote is tainted by electoral crime. Could you explain why you still "respect" such a vote, and why you have not now demanded an untainted vote ? 
Can't believe it's three years since the marriage equality referendum and look weren't they right, the gays stole all the babies. 
According to the GFA if a British Secretary believes that it is likely that a majority in north would vote for Irish Unity he may direct the holding of a referendum on Unity. It would appear that British PM already believes it. Interesting times.  
Honey Goombs had to get one more thing off her chest before bed... she likes a long schmacko #brexit  
Bring your second referendum Remainers. I will destroy every argument you have.#Brexit 
Brexit is like a Möbius strip. Whatever direction Brexit takes us towards, we’ll always end up back at the realisation we cannot get a better deal than the current deal of staying in the EU.  
This referendum will be won with our words - at doors, and with our friends&loved ones.Now is the time.Email corktogetherforyes@gmail.com to find out how you can help.Wear a badge: give permission to others to ask their questions.We're doing it, and we are #together4yes!  
It really has. UKGov has burned decades of goodwill and trust needlessly, not by Brexit itself, but by their conduct of it. Whatever happens now, this will be detrimental to the UK for years to come. 
The Brexit strategy of @theresa_may makes the chaos theory look straightforward. Time to let us take back control with a #PeoplesVote @Labour4EU @jeremycorbyn @NickyMorgan01 @Anna_Soubry @W_A_T_O_N @BestForBritain 
After voting to remain in the EU two years ago I have never once wanted another referendum or people’s vote. But even I’m coming round to the idea of one, just because Brexit has completely torn apart both main parties and the country.... 
“There appears to be a disregard by Brexiteers in particular, and in some ways the British government, for the impact that Brexit is going to have on Ireland,” argues @ShonaMurray_ #newsnight 
Norway-style option after Brexit can't be considered, Corbyn tells MPs  
After YEARS to think about it, @theresa_may's mob has decided that the best way to ensure a hard Brexit is to reframe Irish border infrastructure and call it 'soft infrastructure'. The only thing soft here is the heads of the cabinet. They are threatening peace. #newsnight 
I’ve mentioned before that as a male anti-Brexit campaigner I don’t even get 1% by volume or intensity of the abuse Tanja and other #WomenAgainstBrexit campaigners get. Weak, stupid little men are apparently seriously threatened by strong intelligent women. 
I remember how sickened and alone I felt during the last weeks of the marriage referendum campaign, listening to the radio debates as I ate my breakfast and seeing the posters on my way to school, all during the lead up to my LC. Solidarity with every woman feeling the same now. 
What a waste of a #Newsnight. It was essentially @EvanHD having a public tantrum on behalf of his hard-Brexit Tory chums whining: 'BUT WHY CAN'T WE HAVE A HARD BORDER?' Over and Over and Overand Over AgainUntil snot bubbles came out of his nose (metaphorically) 
This referendum will be won by conversations with your family and friends, all around the country, and by placing the stories of women and the testimony of medical experts at the centre of our discussions. Let's bring compassion home. #CBLive #together4yes 
Standing ovation for German illustrator Axel Scheffler’s barnstorming anti-Brexit acceptance speech at the #nibbies - and for his compatriot and refugee from Nazism, Judith Kerr 
4. The strongest argument for #Brexit is not a left wing argument nor a right wing argument. Michael Foot whose politics are a million miles from my own is as relevant now as ever.  
We’re committed to a “jobs first Brexit”. We guarantee that if we are elected our supporters’ jobs will be the first to go. 
If what is attributed to Theresa May is accurate it would suggest the British government should call a border poll? #Brexit  
Lads I’m well fucking nervous about this referendum someone hold me 
They are scum. I am ashamed to be from the same country as them. I hope that you know that you have massive support from the more sane in this country. They are showing that what you are doing is working.They resort to this as there is not anything positive to say on brexit.  
We will do referendum discussion on #tonighttv3 over the next week and a half but without live studio audiences. 
It is absolutely unprecedented I’d say for a televised debate on a referendum to take place with no representative of the government that is bringing forward the amendment. #cblive 
'Of course we accept the result of the referendum, we accept that we're leaving the EU'. But we'll do everything we can to stop it happening. These people are just bare-faced liars. Backed by the bare-faced liars of the MSM and the BBC in particular. Enough. 
I’d vote for EEA/EFTA plus an effective customs arrangement because it would be the gentlest version of Brexit & least likely of the Brexit options to crash our economy or cause serious supply chain problems. It would also allow us to regain control over our fishing grounds. 
We've to ensure he never gains power. To back a #Brexit that removes Rights & leaves us Poorer, Weaker & with less Control is appalling, to deny a Binding #FinalSay a #PeoplesVote autocratic, & above all to steal young people's futures an abject betrayal.Stop Corbyn #StopBrexit 
The EU Withdrawl Bill comes to @ScotParl to be debated and voted on, if legislative consent is not given but the UK government ignore it and press ahead should a Independence referendum be called?Please retweet for largest sample. 
For failed politicians like David Miliband, conspiring against #Brexit is a chance to have power again, writes @timothy_stanley 
Two major takeaways from the #CBLive debate on the 8th Referendum:1) Maria Steen is a different level of debater2) All the Google adds in the world  for the No side couldn't buy that Bríd Smith meltdown 
It seems very unfair to me that there are potentially millions of younger voting age people in the UK, who had no say on whether we leave the EU. They are the ones who will suffer the most from this #Brexit balls up, yet they are absolutely powerless to stop it. 
The debate shifting by the no side ... is similar to the marriage equality referendum .... they have civil partnership / hard cases are covered now .... Same people involved now. The Iona institute where are they on homelessness, disability rights #cblive 
The kind of Brexit Labour wants is a jobs-first Brexit. The only kind of Brexit that begins to safeguard jobs is one that keeps us in customs union and full single market. We can quibble about specificities of EEA all we want: it’s Norway-plus or nothing at all.  
Until 2016, Sergey Gorkov was a senior executive at Sberbank, overseeing the Kremlin-linked bank’s acquisition of foreign assets.Jacob Rees-Mogg's firm Somerset Asset Management has a £57m stake in Sberbank.Trump, Russia, #Brexit - it's a small world.@Byline_Media @peterjukes 
Abortion: Over 1,000 doctors call for Yes vote in referendum #cblive 
As a person who had an abortion I feel sick watching @rte tonight. We’ll look back at this referendum & be deeply ashamed. It’s not right. What I needed to do when I had a crisis was nobody’s business but my own. So much healing needs to happen when this is all over. #CBLive 
Director General of MI5 Andrew Parker effectively telling #bbcnews  that Brexit is a bad idea. 
'We voted OUT!' Sky News host DESTROYS student activist demand new voters NEED Brexit vote  
My god twitter will go into meltdown if the abortion referendum doesn’t pass 
The outcome of the referendum will be decided by the non-shouty, non-clapping middle ground. I'm trying to figure out how the contributions will play with them. But there sure doesn't seem to be many of them in the audience. 
What's driving this mad world? Just follow the big money. #Brexit is about freedom for global billionaires to ...1. avoid paying taxes2. exploit workers with lowest wages3. destroy the environment4. sell weapons to anyone5. violate our privacy6. commit crimes#StopBrexit 
Somewhere out there there's a village missing an idiot.#Brexit  
The Iona “Institute” of which Maria Steen is part of, talk about protecting children and mothers, yet they actively campaigned against the rights of children of gay couples during the marriage equality referendum. They certainly didn’t care about children then. #cblive 
I'm an utter political failure. That's why I'm best suited to come back to stop #Brexit.  
"The warning for Jeremy Corbyn is that, if he is not very careful, he will be the midwife of a hard Brexit that threatens the living standards of the very people that he says he wants to represent"Indeed. #Brexitshambles 
Catalan referendum in human rights report by Council of Europe  
Well done @nick_clegg, @NickyMorgan01 & @DMiliband! Politicians of conviction not consensus! We must continue the fight to stop this disastrous #Brexit regardless of personal political affiliations. Very brave from @NickyMorgan01 whom I personally know is a principled politician. 
Wake up people there is no long game being played by Corbyn. He is enabling Rees-Mogg etc's Hard Brexit. He's always been anti EU and voted against in from the 1975 referendum. I don't even believe he voted Remain.  
And as for dragging all these other beautiful women in there with me: even more shame on you for that. #WomenAgainstBrexit have every right to speak. And we will use our right until we are heard. Until we have stopped Brexit, which is, and always has been, misogyny writ large. 7/ 
I find these comments quite "interesting" because they are among the most personalised I've had in a long time. Brexiters will say I brought it upon myself because I wore this and spoke out against Brexit. Because they don't want me to. Their aim, as always, is to silence. 3/  
Want to know what it's like to be a female anti-Brexit campaigner who happens to be an EU citizen and dares to open her mouth to speak at #WomenAgainstBrexit? It's like this  (transcribed as received) 1/ 
.@DMiliband: "The danger for Britain is that Jeremy Corbyn becomes the midwife of a hard Brexit." 
"What is really important in this referendum is we recognise the reality. Abortion happens. Abortion exists for the 3,000 women who travel every year, for the two women a day who take abortion pills alone. We need change for these women" Orla O'Connor, #together4yes #CBLive 
We now go live to tonight’s referendum debate #CBLive 
The Claire Byrne Live referendum debate is just starting! Make sure you tune in #CBLive #whoneedsyouryes 
Corbyn wants a hard brexit that unites leave & remain & puts jobs first? Hardly. Corbyn wants brexit & power either in deluded or in knowing denial of what brexit will do/is doing to UK economy, jobs, public services, security, society   
Addressing audience with my friend and colleague @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on vital importance of delivering Brexit. We are setting a path for our continent for a renaissance of sovereign nation states. EU concept will be consigned to the ash heap of history. Daniel  
It is imperative our leaders led Britain out of the EU within the next couple of years.Barnier's Article50 clock may be ticking,but when the time-bomb of Britons' patience explodes,the electoral carnage for the Tories and Labour will be catastrophic!#Brexit  
Tune into RTE to watch @MaryLouMcDonald up shortly on #cblive on special debate on referendum. #Together4Yes #TrustWomen #VoteYES 
Hunt tells Johnson to keep Brexit rows private - even the cabinet cannot agree over Brexit. Surely the people should have a say?  
Corbyn breaks Remainers' hearts. Norway-style soft Brexit now deemed 'dead' after he signalled to PLP tonight he won't be a 'rule taker' from Brussels. 
What #brexit priorities? Who set them? Where they on the ballot? Have they been debated at a Labour conference?  Are they in any manifesto?No.  They're Corbyn's hidden "socialism in one nation" siege economy priorities  
For failed politicians like David Miliband, conspiring against Brexit is a chance to have power again:  
Bora here voted leave in protest against govt and establishment but now he has seen the effect of Brexit has had on the economy and does not see how #brexit will make life in the U.K. any better.@therealjonshaw  to you. Many others feel like you but great to talk about it!  
1. The TPA idiot is saying #Brexit makes food prices cheaper. Her source being the IEA muppets of course. Firstly it overlooks all the existing tariff agreements the EU already has - which is all of the LDCs and most developed nations - with many in the pipeline. 
Jesus Christ, Vikings, 800 years of Brits, shit weather, Michael Lynagh, Thierry Henry, John O'Neill's foor not touching line, the spear on BOD, BOD dropped, Paulie's hamstring, Brexit, Joe Brolly, this fucking ref, will ye just leave us alone? We can't take much more #IRLU17 
I dislike most the way leading ministers, including the PM, call Brexit the 'will of the people', thereby excluding all the people who didn't vote for it as if we are nothing. And thinks that's somehow not divisive. @theresa_may @CarolineFlintMP @DerekThomasUK 
That's what the end of colonial occupation looks like. And so it should. Still a massive wealth gap between whites and others in South Africa that needs to be addressed. 
Dishonest David was in London today to redefine ‘hard Brexit’. My advice is go back to New York and enjoy yourself there.  
The majority of @UKLabour members oppose any form of #Brexit. If Corbyn cannot represent those members he should go.  
Why did Cameron promise to respect the result of the referendum though? MPs voted to hold an advisory referendum. When did Parliament agree that ref was to be binding? I see nothing in Hansard.  
Let's not mistake ourselves. Brexit is a symptom of a wider cultural war. And a lot of it has to do with the spoilt baby boomer generation refusing to accept that its time has passed. They've dominated politics for 50 years, and now they seem to be operating a burnt earth policy. 
I won’t be voting for any Labour NEC candidate who is not crystal clear on their opposition to a hard Brexit and in support of a People’s Vote. 
David Miliband admitted during the referendum campaign that Brexit would mean leaving the Single Market  
"The clock is ticking": EU warns Britain of poor Brexit progress  
While we are still in the EU Customs Union, this woman determines UK Trade Policy.Anybody remember voting for her? Anybody know how we can get rid of her?Anybody know how much notice she takes of our views?(Answers: No, No, Absolutely None)Viva Brexit!  
Looks like that whole "Brexit means Britain is out of the Galileo project" was another @FT originated bit of #FakeNews 
Govt’s absolutely disastrous handling of Brexit: 2 Cabinet sub-sub committees meet to discuss two different proposals on customs that have both already been rejected by the EU in a desperate attempt to secure trade deals that will not make up for lost EU trade. Economic vandalism  
"In the end he's going to have to move & I very much hope he does".Corbyn proving every bit as stubborn as May, & they are both so wrong about Brexit & the #PeoplesVote 
During the referendum, Nick Clegg was clear that #Brexit meant leaving the single market. As was David Miliband. Their attempt today to pretend they never said this is why people hate politicians.  
Reports from this evenings PLP meeting suggest #Corbyn has decided to line up with the Tories to block EEA option. Hard Brexit coming. 
Labour frontbencher @PreetKGillMP deletes tweet backing fresh referendum on #Brexit deal‘I hear you and agree that a people’s vote on the deal is an absolute must’ Where are the brave & courageous MPs we need during the greatest crisis for the nation since 1945?#StopBrexit 
Fascinating thread on the reappearance of "Taxpayers alliance" right wing/#Brexit think tank all over @BBCNews programs.Why? What are their qualifications? Who do they represent? Reality is, there's a small pool of those willing to support #Brexit so BBC will have anyone on  
.@jeremycorbyn so what Brexit do you want to see? The one where jobs are lost? The one where regions lose funding? The one where workers lose rights and opportunities? The one where the UK makes itself poorer? All of this is what Brexit is. There is no good Brexit. 1/  
The EU's Trade Supremo (responsible for the Customs Union) is Commissioner Malmstrom of SwedenShe's been a professional politician since uni, has zero commercial experience and is in charge of the trade policies for 500,000,000 ppl.None of them voted for her.Viva Brexit!  
Walk away.  Only way.   There has been ‘no significant progress’ on Brexit since March says EU’s chief negotiator as Cabinet customs row threatens to put trade deal on hold  
Clegg Said Brexit Meant Leaving Single Market  
Acel Schaffer gave an impassioned and emotional speech on the follies of Brexit tonight at the British Book Awards. He and Judith Kerr would not have come here and given us their wonderful work in such a hostile climate. Honestly, what the eff are we doing? #Nibbies 
The difference in the two main parties' stated Brexit policies essentially comes down to their level of delusion. There again, some days it's hard to make a distinction.  
Tune into the Claire Byrne Live Referendum Special Tonight at 9.35pm on @RTEOne#CBLive 
EU can hold 27 countries together. That’s team-play.UK cabinet falling apart over ego & delusions. That’s Brexit.  
Often Leavers will say to Remainers "it's not all about money!"And they're right.  It's about the things in this thread.  The tragedy of #Brexit is that many leavers will not value what it talks aboutSo we talk money instead, because it's common ground 
David Miliband Admitted During Referendum That Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market  
“A short-term exposure to Corbyn would be less damaging to this country’s interests – and I’d say my party’s – than a long-term exposure to Brexit under this government.”   
Well if anyone doesn’t think Corbyn has wanted Brexit for thirty years, just show them this.  
‘official Lab view is that  SM membership is incompatible with referendum result. That is a facsimile of May’s argument. It is also untrue. The ballot paper had no subsidiary questions on post-EU arrangements. So why is Labour pumping up the tyres on May’s hard Brexit bus?’  
Shame on Israel. Shame on America. Oh, and shame on gutless Brexit Britain who has failed to EVER to criticise, to condemn the Gaza blockade. #Gaza 
Jeremy Corbyn spokesman: "The EEA packages currently in existence don't meet the priorities that we have set out and the Norway option is not appropriate and will not work for the kind of Brexit that we want to see." That's that, folks. 
Unsurprised to hear that #Brexit has lead to a 26% drop in professional migration to the UK, according to LinkedIn. The Government is preventing the UK from accessing the skills we need to grow our economy!  
Score a snackerception at your Big Game watch party with our @OREO Game Day Spirit Cookie Footballs  #Nabisco 
House of Lords defeat Government to revive plans for a new Leveson Inquiry: 
Today is the 125th day parliament has sat since the general election.No Brexit legislation is yet law.There are only 52 more sitting days before MPs are expected to debate the final Brexit deal.Half the Brexit legislation hasn't been introduced yet.#c4news 
Read @FedericaMog's full remarks at @EU_ISS event on "The future of EU foreign, security, and defence policy post #Brexit"  
Scotland's Sturgeon warns of 'catastrophic' no deal Brexit  
David Miliband Admitted During Referendum That Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market  via @GuidoFawkes 
Are we seriously saying that the country needs to choose between a disastrous, horrific Brexit, one which would harm us less economically but leave us without a say on the rules of the single market and customs union?#NoBrexitEEA is a red herring. 
While splitting the UK from its democratic friends in the EU Theresa May is cosying up to Erdogan who is leading Turkey into populist despotism. Maybe she is seeking advice on how to defeat 'liberal metropolitan elites' & subvert democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
TODAY I met in real life face 2 face #Gammon, A London Taxi Driver... we were discussing the subject of Brexit (long story  short) at one point he threatened to stop the cab in a rage, for me to get out, because I dared to say Brexit was never going to be what he voted for  
Good to see senior politicians bridging across the party divide to speak out against the hard and destructive Brexit path being pursued by the Government: 
I can only imagine the volume of #Brexit hate mail & worse being sent to the office of @NickyMorgan01  V well done Nicky for having courage to share cross-party platform & say publicly what many of your Tory MP colleagues will only say privately (for now).  Country before party. 
Barnier says that when he reads UK proposals for post-Brexit cooperation he gets the impression he’s dealing with a country wanting to join the EU, not leave. But he then warns sternly: ‘It cannot be business as usual.’ 
Brexit: No significant progress made on any issue in negotiations since March says EU  
A jamon is someone who thinks the Spanish government’s response to the Catalonian referendum is sensible. 
Ever heard Humphrys ask Nigel Lawson: "You live in France. You're even a “Mousquetaire d’Armagnac”!  What's #Brexit to you?"#r4today 
EEA-based Brexit looking like an even stronger option today, after Norway’s PM welcomes us to join the European Economic Area. It’s highly unlikely that Solberg would have given this @FT interview without first consulting Michel Barnier.  @FinancialTimes 
Ruth's TORIES are ISOLATED yet again at Holyrood ... as Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the Greens have ALL indicated that they will vote with the SNP on the motion to withhold consent from UK Brexit Bill  
I tweeted to David Miliband just after the EU Ref asking him to consider returning to the UK. I didn’t expect a reply but wanted to make it known that his experience was now required.I am v glad he has reentered politics to fight Brexit. The Labour leadership needs shaking up. 
Full English Brexit (lol) isn't happy with the term 'gammon'.+2400  
There is a #Brexit option that doesn't damage the economy, where the UK decides how to spend its money, where the UK controls its borders and makes its own laws and also retains its sovereignty.It's very simple option and it saves billions.....It's the #StopBrexit option. 
."At some point EVEN the most indulgent audience will see these as the choices of a leader who not only likes Brexit, but likes it hard. THEN the question is whether Labour remainers trust Corbyn more than they hate leaving the EU.". by @rafaelbehr 
Every little helps. Labour need a kick up the back side on brexit and we welcome this cross party  
One thing is VERY clear. Brexit is not a done deal. 
Matt on Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The U.S. exhausted all political efforts, including betrayal of Kurdish interests, in propping up incumbent PM Abadi. Now Abadi's chance of reelection are slim, guess who U.S. reverts to? #Kurdistan leadership should not forget US stance in lead up to and after referendum.  
Brexit has become much more than Leaving a merging totalitarian state, it’s a class war between rich elite who have directly/indirectly benefited from links with EU.rich MEPs, Ministers and commissionaires who could not dream of such a life style in their home country 
So true. Overturning Brexit would mean the death of democracy as it would prove, as many suspect anyhow, that voting does not matter. Not one jot or cross.  
Brexiters who are fine with Leave's race-hate campaign are calling Remainers racists for noticing when they get in a tizzy about Brexit slipping away from them their blood vessels open wide, flooding their skin with blood & resulting in a reddening of the face. #CalmDownGuys 
."It confirms what I have been saying ever since the Brexit referendum – that Brexit is going to be the biggest challenge that the industry & rural communities has faced for generations.". 
The dishonesty is breathtaking (part 1): David Miliband Admitted During Referendum That Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market  via @GuidoFawkes 
Excellent piece by @eloisetodd on  how MPs can serve democracy and stand up for the national interest - by telling the truth about the ‘disaster’ that is #Brexit  
Corbyn & the EEA: These are the choices of a leader who not only likes Brexit, but likes it hard  
Britain should pay into EU foreign aid programmes after Brexit, says Michel Barnier 
Some thoughts on DUP,  Irish government and Brexit from today's @BelTel 
Message to BBC’S Laura Kuenssberg & Gordon Carrera - don’t be so negative on Brexit issues - EU is the only party doesn’t want a deal and as for security Gordon please listen to Andrew Parker - Don’t let politics get in the way of security! It’ll be OK on the night! It has to be! 
"Did I ever think I would be facing threats of death, threats to my safety?"Former Conservative cabinet minister @NickyMorgan01 responds to anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller's call for cross-party condemnation of the vilification of Remain supporters.  
MP Caroline Flint:Since Ref you divide into 2 camps:One, who actually accepts we are Leaving.And Two, Nick Clegg, who wants to overturn Ref result.Whatever he says it's the same arrogance & Establishment-speak that lost the Remain campaign.#Brexit #EU 
Brexit mini roast for dinner  
The little weasel just cannot stop lying: He says 17.4m voted for his extreme Brexit, the process isn't a shambles, the non-existent money we save can go to the NHS, our trade deals can make us more prosperous & Brexit makes us a beacon of freedom. #Twat pic.twitter.com/5lOyZUbQZo 
New polling from @YouGov. 69% of all Brits think #Brexit is going badly. Half of all Leave voters think Brexit is going badly. The case for a #PeoplesVote could not be stronger and #Labour MPs can play a huge part in making it happen. pic.twitter.com/nGFrGCteDR 
#Brexit - @MichelBarnier together with @FedericaMog delivered aspeech on the future relationship with the UK in foreign, security and defencepolicy, @EUISS conference. Full text here: Key messages to follow. 
The EU appears to have thrown any and every obstacle in the way of Britain's smooth departure. They fear that Britain outside the union will thrive and so encourage other members to follow suit. #Brexit  
Polls show 82% of Labour members support a People's Vote, and that Labour's vote share would plummet 12 points if the party is seen to facilitate the Conservative Govt's Brexit. Time for the Labour Party to back a People's Vote, starting with MPs!  
Just in case there is any further doubt...you heard it here from the EU’s Deputy Chief Brexit Negotiator  
From the deputy chief negotiator for the EU. There is no credible ‘left wing’ argument that Brexit will make public ownership easier...the EU didn’t stop it in the first place!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "What makes the Lords think they know better. What is the superior mystical wisdom that gives them a greater insight than the British people?" #Brexit  
My @ScienceForYes badge & I will be out & about talking about the referendum. Scientists have open minds & are are swayed by evidence & facts. Science engages with the grey in complex issues and is wary of absolutes. The 8th is one such absolute. This scientist will be voting YES  
Barnsley lady says "they should be sent back to their country - but not in a bad way". Such is the banality of evil. This is one more reason why we must fight to #StopBrexit. Such thoughtless evil (and I  can find no other word) should not be rewarded. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Daniel Hannan MEP - "The Customs Union pushes up food bills and clothing bills for people who have to spend the highest percentage of their income on those basic commodities."It is an immoral and inefficient system." #Brexit  
Here’s Owen, he voted leave but like so so many others he’s now changed his mind. He now regularly replies to tweets on #brexit opposing it.@OwenTomkins respect to you for speaking out. #brexit is not inevitable & UK can change course, have you written to your MP?#remainernow 
Exactly why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final deal, so that both those who voted Leave and those who voted Remain can have their say on the Brexit deal on offer.  
She committed to Brexit in the last GE which morphed into 'transitions', 'alignments' & 'partnerships'. Another GE would be vague pledges then back to the rhetoric. Lab are worse & smaller parties don't currently have enough traction. Voter turnout will likely drop off a cliff.  
Tune into @ClaireByrneLive tonight to see @MaryLouMcDonald take part in their Referendum Special #8thRef #cblive #togetherforyes 
WATCH: @Nick_Clegg, in a speech today with @NickyMorgan01 & @DMiliband, backed a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
As the stand off between Holyrood and Westminster over the Brexit power grab approaches High Noon, I wonder which side Scottish Yoon MP's will be on?  Oliver Brown's words describe them well then and now.@editor_si1926 
I like the 13% of leave voters who thought Brexit would go badly but voted for it anyway  
"The danger for him and the danger for Britain is that Jeremy Corbyn becomes the midwife of hard Brexit."　Former Labour Foreign Secretary David Miliband says Jeremy Corbyn should back membership of the European single market during the Brexit negotiations.  
Photo du Jour: Nick Clegg, Nicky Morgan and David Miliband discuss the UK’s Brexit negotiations at @TildaBasmati in Rainham, Essex today. By Stefan Rousseau/PA 
WATCH: Dan Hannan is one of the key figures behind Brexit - but now he's worried it's all going wrong. He's even suggested that we need 'a new mandate' #PeoplesVoteEverybody needs to see this - Please RT: 
"Here you have 3 failed politicians:"David Miliband SACKED by his brother,Nick Clegg SACKED by voters,Nicky Morgan SACKED by Theresa May.All trying to overturn referendum result which 17.4m people voted to #Leave #EUThey still don’t get it!#Brexit 
The next attack on NATO by Russia will be:Kurdistan.Russia and Rosneft oil company have rapidly become the KDP's top ally & financiers.Russia's FM backed Kurdistan's independence referendum and doesn't respect Syrian/Turk/Iranian claims to Kurdish regions.Mark my words. 
TONIGHT: Join us for special coverage on Brexit and the Irish border live from Londonderry/Derry from 22:30 @BBCTwo #newsnight 
No significant progress has been made on any issue in Brexit negotiations since March, EU says  
This is spot on from Ganesh. Its all an act - Johnson, Mogg know Brexit is a catastrophe & are running for cover. Don't let them hide behind cries of betrayal. via @financialtimes 
A post-Brexit Irish border without physical infrastructure is fully attainable @briefing4brexit 
Morgan, Miliband and Clegg launch cross-party campaign on Brexit bill 
Theresa Villiers: "He wants to frustrate the result of the referendum and stop it being implemented"  
If JRM is right and we can carry on trading on the same terms with the EU fora decade after Brexit why is it not our #1 option?  
A soft Brexit would not dishonour the result of Britain's referendum. Norway's model proves that compromise can work  
Not exactly surprising to hear from him, but not a great state of affairs - Barnier says no significant progress on Brexit since March 
That is just 1 Brexit minister going to Dover for the first time - a mere 409 days after we gave notice to leave the EU and a mere 689 days since the vote itself. In lay terms, that is a fucking liberty & a massive to the people of the UK  
Leavers are preparing their Brexit betrayal narrative  
Well that's not at *all* worrying: 'Mr Barnier informed us that since 23rd of March no significant progress has been made' on any key Brexit files, Bulgaria's @EZaharievaMFA says after ministers meet in Brussels. (Barnier skipped presser for event next door) 
Maybe we should allow all the EU27 citizens in the UK and the many UK citizens in the EU who were not entitled to vote in the referendum (despite it directly affecting them) to have a vote on Brexit after all. That would be fairer don't you think?  
@FedericaMog and @MichelBarnier discuss the future of #EUdiplomacy and #EUdefence after #Brexit  
Clegg, Miliband and Morgan spoke in a rice factory this morning. The EU's protectionist prison whacks a 19.4% tariff on rice - seizing a clean Brexit outside a customs union with the EU will bring prices down for the UK's poorest.  
Actually a majority of Brits albeit a small majority did support Brexit As for May enough supported May to allow her to form a coalition with  DUP. Also finding fault with Israel for human rights abuses isn't antisemitism but trying to claim it is, allows for human rights abuses.  
The EU has a customs Border. One we're choosing to leave it, knowing that the Good Friday Agreement was agreed between two parties that were INSIDE the customs union.Any customs checks that result from Brexit, are because of Brexit. Take responsibility for your own mess.  
Labour frontbencher deletes tweet backing fresh referendum on final Brexit deal  
An abbreviated list of things that really matter in British politics.1. Brexit2. Lots of other things....8,506. Semiotics of cured pork. 
It should be clear to everyone by now that #Corbyn isn't 'playing a long game' on #Brexit, on the contrary he wants it as much as Rees-Mogg and Farage and not just any Brexit - he wants out of the Single Market just like them despite the damage it'll cause to our communities 
What second referendum? David Miliband cannot call for one because he disagrees with the outcome. Enough of this anti-democratic and offensive nonsense.The Government was clear it was a “once in a lifetime” #Brexit referendum  
Oh for goodness sake.  First they don't and then they do, first they do and then they don't.  What sort of policy is this.  Just forget the whole Brexit thing and let us have our lives back.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Alright mate, thanks for telling us what should and shouldn't agree with. Young people and students support a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal, and no lies @Jacob_Rees_Mogg says will change that. #FFS 
.                     You just don’t get it do you Richard“that while independence is a matter for the people of Scotland, Federalism would have to win a UK-wide referendum”   
He's showing the same arrogance that lost the referendum - Labour MP @CarolineFlintMP on @nick_clegg 
I would like to see Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nigel Farage take over the Brexit negotiations. Theresa May has asked us to trust her but I do not like what I see and hear on the divorce bill, immigration or trade. 
9 years ago, an NJ state senator filed a lawsuit to allow the state to legalize sports betting. It was tossed, but it built political momentum, led to a ballot referendum, a change of heart by Chris Christie, a new lawsuit, a now a Supreme Court ruling allowing nationwide betting  
shadow international dev secretary Preet Gill has called a 2nd referendum 'an absolute must’.  @Jeremycorbyn sacked Owen Smith for saying the same. will Gill go  same way? 
.@jacob_rees_mogg insists Brexit is the “best opportunity” for young people and says leaving will be better for them than staying in the EU  
I'm an immigrant. I wanted Brexit. My British husband voted Leave. Should I go back to America, since you're telling @LowTaxChloe she should go back to Australia?  
As Minister for Disabilities I strongly believe that pictures of children with disabilities should not be used on posters or leaflets in this referendum campaign.   
Their complexion is a consequence of their state of mind. Angry, reactionary, red in the face in the Question Time audience..... they’re the social conservatives to the social liberal centrist dads, both of whom have lost control of the narrative of Britain’s story since Brexit 
Soros-Backed Miliband and a Parade of Has-Beens Campaign to Kill Off Brexit  
One small consolation of the Brexit nightmare as a UK London MEP is to get these kind words and know there are Londoners out there that genuinely appreciate what I'm doing.  
Brexit will restore our democracy and thereby help us revive our prosperity, writes Peter Lilley  
The man who used to say he wanted Brexit 'at any cost' seems a little less keen now that he's seen what the Brexit deal looks like. We all deserve a #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal  
If it happens, Brexit is bad news for the Falkland Islands too. There is no upside folks or you’d have heard it by now. Staying in the EU is by far our best future. H/t @catherinemep 
Gaza protests and Brexit campaigns – Monday's best photos  
I’m glad David Milliband is back. He reminds us of the ghastly arrogant, entitled,  self-satisfied metropolitan left that Britain revolted against in the referendum. Every time he opens his mouth, he puts a nail in the Remoaners’ political coffin.   
I can see now why the #Remainers had to employ the help of Celebrities and Invested Elite Business ... all the politician's are #TOXIC #Brexit #LeaveEU 
'He wants to FRUSTRATE Brexit!' Brexiteer MP EXPLODES at Miliband's soft Brexit bid 
Remain hypocrisy on Twitter is unreal. Unable to engage with @LowTaxChloe's brilliant Brexit optimism, so many resort to attacking her accent. Yet ANOTHER reminder that to be on the side of immigrants often involves diverging from left wing rhetoric and ideology!  
Keep it behind closed doors! Health Secretary @Jeremy_Hunt is not happy that cabinet colleagues are airing Brexit differences in public. #r4today 
Vote Leave was a campaign group, nothing more. They were given no mandate to set the terms of Brexit. It is "shockingly dishonest" to claim otherwise.  
So Damian Green proposes we tack on a 'bolt-on' period of a few years on top of the current transition period before we Brexit.And then an extension, a prolongation & a protraction... till we leave the EU in what 2080? Can Britons ever trust politicians again?#Brexit  
Anyone else see it ?  .... Pinko & Berky !!!#Brexit #LeaveEU 
We're very happy to say that Plymouth University has said #YES2NUS!The referendum was quorate and the vote result was:YES: 557NO: 441Abstentions: 23Turnout: 1021  
It’s a shame there’s a culture of fear in Labour Party currently to stop speaking on what they and their young constituents believe - in a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
. @PreetKGillMP agrees with students in her city and across UK on giving a #PeoplesVote on Brexit Deal. Sad to see she has deleted her tweet - Jeremy Cobryn and other Labour MPs shouldn't take youth support for granted. #FFS 
“Almost two years after the #Brexit vote we need no more stalling, no more play acting and no name calling. We need to hear solutions to Brexit from British Gov.” @MaryLouMcDonald 
NHS is 70 this year. It has always been free at point of use. In the Brexit referendum many thought they voted to save it - they believed that it would get more money. Now clear it will get less. Brexit or the NHS you can't have both . #FBPE #NHSLove #FundOurNHS #PeoplesVote 
GAMMON IS A RACIALIST TERM N A WONT BE RACIALISED IN MA OWN WHITE COUNTRY OFF IMMERGRANTS AND COMMUNALISTS GOD SAVE THE BLOODY QUEEN HARD BREXIT UP THE RAW GAMMON  
Ridiculous: David Miliband & co stand in front of a basmati rice brand to re-launch Project Fear 2.1.x attempting to frustrate Brexit to keep us in the same EU which *banned* Indian basmati rice attacking millions of Indian farmers and European consumers.#LetsGetOnWithIt 
The #EEA option - Norway Plus - is seen by some as a #Brexit lifeboat; but it is still far inferior to #EU membership. In typically lucid style, @GuitarMoog explains #EU withdrawal is by no means a done deal; there is a definite path to its being avoided. 
Referendum offers chance to make Ireland a better place for women @NWCI #whoneedsyouryes #together4yes 
Uachtarán Shinn Féin @MaryLouMcDonald will be taking part in Claire Byrne Live: Referendum Special - tonight at 21.35pm on RTÉ One #TrustWomen 
Why is Soft Brexit a problem?It's not sustainable. What do you think the big Brexit voices will do if they feel the UK has ended up less sovereign than EU members? Also, they'd be right! And we'd end up in another crisis. The only way this ends is if Brexit ends"David Miliband" 
Brendan O'Neill is absolutely right here. #gammon is most often a nasty sleight on older, working class, Brexit voters.Why are some left wing commentators getting off on this?  
23rd June #EUsupergirl will be marching to Parliament to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Final #Brexit deal!  Join me! #Apathy is no longer an option!   Sign up here...   @peoplesvote @Open_Britain 
The factory my brother worked for in Newcastle closed it plant and moved its operations to mainland Europe last year because of Brexit uncertainty. 400 jobs lost. I wonder, to date, how many companies have left our shores for the same reason.  
"The Conservative MP Nicky Morgan has revealed she will give evidence in a court case in June after she received an alleged death threat over her position on Brexit." Nice people Brexiteers! 
This referendum is doing a great job of highlighting men who could (seriously) be a danger to women. Has nothing to do with being no voters, but that absolute misogyny in those comments. There's real hate there. Refs on social issues always bring these types to the surface. 
David Miliband Admitted During Referendum That Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market  via @GuidoFawkes 
A little memory jogger! : Clegg Said Brexit Meant Leaving Single Market  via @GuidoFawkes 
Rees-Mogg: Sir Nick has missed the point again!'EU Customs Union applies tariffs of 22% on food & 11% on clothing & footwear.But I don't think my constituents in north-east Somerset should pay higher prices to protect continental producers'#Brexit #EU 
Really is Single Market Groundhog Day today. Can't believe we are still having this argument two years on from the referendum. @nick_clegg and @DMiliband's attempt to pretend they never said this is why people hate politicians. 
'Brexit isn’t inevitable. Parliament can, if it wishes, stop it, or create the opportunity for it to be stopped. It may not yet be likely, but it is possible. Here’s how.' @guitarmoog 
WATCH: @nick_clegg Said Brexit Meant Leaving Single Market  
BREXIT: Morgan, Miliband and Clegg launch cross-party campaign on Brexit bill /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Disability rights campaigner Maria McCabe gave an impassioned speech at the @RENUAIreland 'Referendum and its impact on People with Disabilities' briefing. Watch her emotional plea to Vote No here. @Savethe8thInfo  @prolifecampaign 
I coined "Little Quitlers" during Brexit because I was fed up of being told to "go and live in the EU" or called a libtard, a lefty, a c***, a traitor, a snowflake, scum, a dhimmi, a racist (yes seriously) and a propagator of "Project Fear" who hates my own country. #gammongate 
Rees-Mogg:'Sir Nick has missed the point!When we Leave #EU we will be out of the protectionist customs union.Customs Union applies tariffs of 22% on food & over 11% on clothing & footwear.That's why it's SO essential to #Leave Customs Union.'#Brexit 
DUP’s @eastantrimmp: ‘Brit bashing’ Irish Foreign Minister using Brexit to try and break-up UK.“It won’t work. The IRA failed to dislodge Northern Ireland from the UK with bombs Coveney won’t do it with Brexit.” 
Cameron called the 2016 referendum for reasons of party management alone. Theresa May might have no choice in the end but to welcome another.  
#Brexit is a mistake. It's time to make the case to change Britain and change Europe, by fighting for a positive role leading and reforming from within the EU, not self-harming outside of it says @eloisetodd @BestForBritain 
"EEA membership is something I will be likely to support"WATCH: great to hear @NickyMorgan01, chair of the Treasury Select committee, back UK membership of the European Economic Area to avoid a hard & destructive Brexit. Please RT:  
Great analysis of how pro-Brexit narratives have shifted since the referendum - very sharp on both how the mandate has been used and how responsibility for the consequences of Brexit is being avoid.  
Thousands of people will be marching to Parliament to demand a #peoplesvote on the final #Brexit deal.Coaches are being organised by local groups across the country. Find your local coach here. More added all the time. 
Within seconds of our scoop, Preet Gill has deleted her tweet backing a fresh EU referendum. But thanks to the wonder of computers, it is captured for posterity.  pic.twitter.com/GCQJx23Xlt 
Endangered California Republicans are hoping a voter referendum on the November ballot to repeal a state gasoline tax will bring out conservative voters and help them hold 7 Republican districts that went for Clinton in 2016.  
PARLIMENT WILL DEBATE WHETHER TO ABOLISH THE HOUSE OF LORDS AFTER THEIR LATEST ANTI-BREXIT ANTICS.A petition, which currently has over 160,000 signatures is calling for a referendum to abolish the House of Lords!       #fo2eu 
Dear Soft Brexit MPs,Your argument is "We have to respect people's wishes so we need some form of Brexit". Soft Brexit means less control over our laws and trade policy than EU members have. Which Brexit voter wished for that?@DMiliband @nick_clegg @Keir_Starmer @NickyMorgan01 
Why are US taxpayers supporting refugee contractor David Miliband, a Brit who can't stay out of Brexit politics, to the tune of nearly $700,000 a year in salary?Miliband and Soros! Peas in a pod! 
It's a toss up of what is the greatest folly Brexit or the delusion that #DavidMiliband can save us from it. 
Wow. Labour frontbencher Preet Gill comes out in support of a fresh Brexit referendum. Owen Smith got sacked for saying the same thing. Great scoop by @wizbates 
EXCL Labour Brexit splits burst into open as shadow minister backs fresh referendum  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘Brexit will be better for young people than staying in the EU'  
Corbyn will be 'midwife of hard Brexit' unless Labour backs staying in EEA, says David Miliband - Politics live  
Just a tiny bit worried that you are spending too much time in Brussels and not enough listening to Labour Leave voters in the rest of the UK outside London #leavemeansleave NOT BRINO Brexit in name only  
The Falkland Islanders are yet another group who were denied a vote in the EU referendum but whose economy will be severely damaged by Brexit. 
GIVE LABOUR MEMBERS A SAY 82% of Labour members would back a referendum on the terms of Britain’s departure from the EU. Sign this petition & give Labour a meaningful Brexit vote at Labour Party Conference  
. Jeremy Corbyn is more than the midwife for a hard Brexit. He is one of the parents. To call for ‘A Brexit for jobs’ is nonsense. Brexit will adversely impact countless jobs and businesses. Even Corbyn must know this. Unbelievable from a Labour Leader. 
Brexit is a criminal conspiracy, NOT "the will of the people"!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
Should the UK have a strong or soft #Brexit if you had to choose an option? UK needs Brexit 'safe harbour' - David Miliband - BBC News RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
David Miliband: “I fear that the position Labour has taken makes Jeremy Corbyn the midwife of hard Brexit” what an image - Jeremy Corbyn delivering a hard Brexit!  
Miliband "Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market" “Admission by Leave that Brexit means quitting the single market has let the cat out of the bag: Brexit would be an unprecedented act of economic self-harm.”The height of dishonesty from Miliband. 
So Mrs May, apart from helping you secure the Tory leadership (and so the keys to Number 10), what was the argument that convinced you Brexit was a good thing? 
UK corporations are booking lush profits because of Brexit, not despite Brexit. Meanwhile, average Brits are feeling pain when they shop — because of Brexit, not despite it. Via @LionelRALaurent 
“How’s Brexit going?”  
And the People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. The people I see in Brussels and other capitals think it is a good plan. Best for UK by a long way  
Which of the following comes closest to your view on how well Brexit is going? #brexit RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
That's because leaving the EEA, thus losing all our certifications and authorisations on major sectors like aerospace, pharmaceuticals, automotive etc is a body blow to the economy. It will kill JIT supply chains. That's hard Brexit.  
 @MhairiBlack : Theresa May couldn't deliver a pizza, never mind #Brexit.  
The verdict of @CarolineFlintMP on @nick_clegg... 'The same sort of arrogance and establishment speak' that lost remain the referendum #bbcdp 
Most young people don't want a 2nd referendum. This is a democratic country and when the British people speak, politicians should listen  #skypapers 
we go live to the Brexit customs cabinet sub-committee  
'The clock is ticking', EU tells Brexit Britain  
#bbcdp Daniel Hannan talking about customs & Brexit, with the easy confidence of a man whose life will be utterly unaffected by the disasters he seeks to inflict on us all. A smooth-faced con man, best suited to selling fake fragrances from a hold-all in the market. 
RT OH LOOK which @Conservatives #Nastyparty Tory has rocked up on #bbcdp talking his USUAL #brexit claptrap.Incidentally as tories are to debate making #NHS Patients PAY FOR CARE@SkyNews @BBCNews @LBC #r4today @itvnews #c4news #skypapers #newsnight @bbc5live #OURNHS #bbcpapers 
Tánaiste @simoncoveney meeting with EU’s Chief Negotiator @MichelBarnier to discuss and assess current state of #brexit negotiations.  
Great to see you working cross party to make the case that MPs/Parliament must take control of our #Brexit future. There is a consensus and way to deliver #Leave that secures our economic future & peace in N Ireland. #EFTA #EEA #CustomsArrangement #CustomsPartnership #GetOnWithIt 
The choice need not be between a soft and a hard Brexit. Parliament can decide to stop Brexit, or to pass the decision back to the people with a referendum on the deal with an option to attempt to remain.  16/ 
Chris never disappoints. Only this W-E was told on FB I was denying democratic decision of British people by not getting behind Brexit & making it work. I retorted I'll never get behind something I don't believe in& it's his responsibility to take ownership & deliver its promises  
#bbcdp David Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nicky Morgan. The dream team out to stop Brexit. Nick Clegg lost his seat in Sheffield. Nicky Morgan spends all day crying  about Brexit. David Miliband  went to America. This is what the 17 million voted leave, think of you 3 clowns   
Sir Keir Starmer cannot name a single Brexit benefit - not one.It's time the Labour front bench got off the fence and fought for jobs, public services and living standards by backing a people's vote on the final deal (with the option to Remain) 
WHY is the PM issuting a statement saying that " the Uk has no plans to move it's Embassy from Tel Aviv "OH I get it !It's to distract our attention from the chaos of #Brexit, the shambles of her Cabinet - and to appear *strong & stable* !We are NOT fooled Theresa  ! 
"The prospects that were dangled in front of people at the time of Brexit, I think, look very different today" - ex-Labour foreign secretary David Miliband urges MPs take back control of #Brexit 
We force through damaging brexit that the majority of citizens didn't vote for.We are leaving the EU yet we host a conference on it's benefits for other nations.We are warned that Turkey is dangerous then entertain the pariah, Erdogan.Tell me, what does our govt stand for? 
Ireland has a once-in-a-lifetime chance to become a globally significant research centre after Brexit says former Unilever head, Niall Fitzgerald. Niall is a perceptive observer & always worth listening to.  
To continue the Brexit = Homer analogy, presumably we spend ten years working out how to get what we want and then another decade of trying to get back to where we started 
This is #Brexit Britain. A mean spiteful inhospitable narrow-minded little country on the cold grey northwestern fringes of Europe.Bring back humanity and care to Britain #StopBrexit! 
Handy guide to Brexit stages.Which one are you?1. Fantasy2. Arrogance3. Bluster4. Incredulity5. WhiningPersonally, I think Theresa May is still on Stage 1... maybe Stage 2...  
People all over the UK are coming out in support of a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Here's a photo of campaigners in Norfolk talking about @peoplesvote_uk at the weekend.Join them, and thousands more, on the March for a People's Vote on June 23 
This is the Stronger In press release dated 9 May 2016 where @DMiliband told voters Brexit meant leaving the single market. Now he is saying we can stay in. Height of dishonesty.  
This Wednesday 16th May we are relaunching the coloured @repealproject jumpers in our Templebar shop for the final time before the referendum. From 6pm come grab one of our pink, purple or blue jumpers.  
David Miliband Admitted During the Referendum That Brexit Means Leaving the Single Market >>  
Brexit is a monumental act of self harm. It’s also a national embarrassment.Please retweet if you are embarrassed by Brexit.#StopBrexit #BritishAndEmbarrassed 
Look at this photo below.It’s the new high tech Japanese robotics factory in Slovenia.It’s just being finished in order to transfer production from Cumbernauld “back into the EU”.We were told this would happen.It’s now happening.Thanks #brexit voters.  
Regardless of the pros & cons of Brexit or Remain, the fact that the same group of politicians who encouraged neoliberalism to ravage the rights and assets of ordinary people are now self-positioning themselves as the cheerleaders for a status quo only damages the EU's defence.  
: “There are huge opportunities for Aberdeen to use our competitive advantage to seize the benefits of Brexit. We must set our sights on the future; a new global future.” Read my latest article for @BrexitCentral 
How the Civil Service has misled us about the costs of Brexit and the Customs Union  via @BrexitCentral 
EEA+CU is the least bad version of Brexit. It is however still an extremely poor option. 1/ 
A journalist just asked David Miliband why, when he has been out of UK politics for years and couldn't be bothered taking part in the EU referendum campaign, he really had anything to say.Ouch. 
Just asked David Miliband about the prospect of Corbyn whipping MPs against the EEA amendment. He said: “I’m baffled by the Labour leadership... Jeremy Corbyn is at risk of becoming the midwife of hard Brexit... the peers are ahead of the party leadership on this.” 
Way back in the distant past before Brexit, gammon, melts or centrist dads, I did a little experiment which showed that partisans of the left are more intolerant of political opponents than partisans of the right...1/?  
I hate the racist, bigoted part of my community, but those throwing around the term “gammon” aren’t exactly enlightened defenders of decency. They’re just as factional and tribal. They also have a derogatory terms for any group that calls out Corbyn over his Brexit policy.  
While right about much, I’m afraid David Miliband is wrong that the the choice facing us is between hard Brexit & a chaotic Brexit. It is between the deal UKGov negotiates (prob. Hard Brexit) and, if Parl wishes, no Brexit or a ref with a remain option. 
A young Leave voter who has changed his mind asks Nicky Morgan to back an exit deal referendum...  
Anyone doubting the absolute confusion within the British Tory government on Brexit need look no further than this. You couldn't make it up 
'A hard Brexit won't create Global Britain. It's merely a path to a fantasy island of our own where we will have reduced access to our largest markets and a diminished standing in the world.' 
Nick Clegg laying into Michael Gove and Boris Johnson for “fawning silence” about this weeks Turkish President Erdogan visit having used Turkey and human rights as a key Brexit argument... 
“Free and fair referendum” Is becoming increasingly hard to hear uttered when the police are investigating the campaigns and there have been fines for cheating. Just sayin’  
On June 23rd, we’ll be marching through London to Parliament...... to demand a #PeoplesVote on any Brexit deal the PM brings back. Join in -it’ll be a big one! Sign up here —>  
David Milliband doing what Jeremy Corbyn should've been doing & has failed miserably to do.STAND UP FOR THE COUNTRY & OPPOSE!He's demonstrating how this #Brexit is unworkable & can only fail...he's not complicit...he's not an ideologue..Binding #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Isn’t it strange how they have totally changed the definition of ‘hard brexit’. It used to mean exiting without a deal. Now it just means exiting in a way which doesn’t involve remaining.  
I don’t want a soft Brexit, a hard Brexit, a fried Brexit, a scrambled Brexit, a long Brexit, a short BrexitI want NO Brexit 
Millions of Labour voters chose to #TakeBackControl and yet Keir Starmer could not name a single benefit of Brexit. Here’s a few to help him outStop sending billions to the EU Create a fairer immigration system Sign our own trade deals to create jobs across the country 
“I voted Brexit because I thought it would hurt OTHER people, not me!” has not (yet) become a flourishing genre. Could it? #Brexit  
The Brexit Derangement at @Bloomberg is becoming self-parodying. What would they say if profits were at a record low? 
- its interesting because up the Thames is Tate & Lyle which makes the opposite argument, and is a big supporter of Brexit and leaving CU - but sugar industry different from rice... - ie had no idea “rules of origin” matter for rice, nor does the Government, apparently 
As significant as cross party push against “hard Brexit”, is big British consumer brand - ie Tilda willing to tell public about impact of leaving customs union says “threatens viability” of some rice production from giant mills, “we are Global Britain” they say here...  
A bank says Brexit means govt would 18% tarrif our fish & chips! WHAT ABSOLUTE PIFFLE! Why tariff necessary Cod imports if free to control own trade policy?What could lead to increased UK catch to supply own markets…leaving CFP & taking back control! 
The Minister responsible for implementing the "hostile environment" policy during her 6 years as Home Secretary is now asking us to "trust" her on #Brexit! 
Thanks to Brexit, Yaskawa, one of those unsung highly successful Japanese companies making things that make things (industrial robots)  is shifting production from UK to Slovenia. 150 jobs in Cumbernauld at stake   
The "monetization of white male victimhood" is the driving engine of every shitty online moment from Gamergate to Comicsgate, with Sad Puppies, Trump, Brexit and a bunch else to boot. 
Remainers pushing for “the exact same benefits” of single market membership are being deeply dishonest. @Keir_Starmer is joining @DMiliband @NickyMorgan01 @nick_clegg in trying to overturn the referendum result.  
Business gets its first taste of what might be to come if the UK fails to get a frictionless border. The Haulage Bill introduces permits for trucks going to the continent which may be required post-Brexit. Will the Brexiters pick up this extra cost to business? 
Nick Clegg is leading a cross-party movement to stop Brexit. This is Jacob Rees-Mogg's epic response.  
.@DMiliband: "If Jeremy Corbyn is not careful, he will be the midwife of a hard Brexit that will threaten the living standards of the very people that he says he wants to stand up to represent."Spot on.  
Kier Starmer:"What’s the future of the relationship with the EU?What should it look like?”It will look like being OUT of the #EU !NO EU feesNO EU Customs UnionNO EU Single MarketNO EU lawsNO Freedom of MovementUK fishing waters returned#Brexit 
Hi @DMiliband, we know you've been away for a long time earning an extortionate amount as boss of a refugee charity (nice gig btw), but can you at least get up to speed on the referendum result before spouting off your "hard Brexit" nonsense and hindering democracy? Ta   
If wealth is always seen as a sign of corruption & aspiration a betrayal of class  ( rather than a desire for personal autonomy) then Brexit and the economic devastation that will ensue, will be seen as something cleansing by the anti EU/pro Brexit far left. 
Nearly two years after the #Brexit referendum, Business Secretary Greg Clark visits the Norway/Sweden border, to see how it works. You have to admire the urgency of the Tory government. 
More than four decades after being legalized in the U.S., abortion remains illegal in almost all cases in the Republic of Ireland.But change may be in the air. Ireland is due to hold a referendum on liberalizing abortion laws on May 25. (1/10)  
The MI5 Director General is speaking about Putin's hybrid war against the UK and other Western democracies.Meanwhile our government continues with #Brexit, handing a huge strategic victory to Putin.Our government is helping the UK's enemy.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit 
UK needs Brexit 'safe harbour' - David Miliband  
What an absolute joke. Further evidence, of it were needed, that the FCO is determined to undermine Brexit. But why on earth have ministers gone along with this? Makes them look absolute fools.  
.@FraserNelson speaking sense at #Zeitgeist18 'Politicians have been echoing each other too much. They defined the mainstream as what they liked. Through Brexit and Trump, you get a shock to the democratic system. If politicians respond by listening, populism fades away.' 
An interview with Gary Lineker. In part one, we talk about Brexit, the press, and the prospect of death.  
Labour are undermining Brexit at every step purely to try and bring down the govt to cause a GE.  
All of the "common sense" compromises (single market... Customs union...) mean Brexit achieves nothing but a loss of sovereignty.The moment we're out of the EU, we lose our seat at the table, and all those things we're looking to benefit from will no longer be under our control. 
The #Brexit flight has begun!We need to #ExitFromBrexit via a #PeoplesVote referendum sooner rather than later.  
 Torra starts his speech repeating that his aim is to fulfil the “mandate” of the Oct 1 2017 referendum: an independent republic  
Finally, a brilliant editorial in  @Telegraph on Brexit. Here's the killer line "The question many Leavers are now asking themselves is whether the Brexit on offer will be worth it." 
A tragic metaphor for Govnt's disastrous handling of Brexit today: Two Cabinet sub-sub committees meet to discuss two different proposals on customs that have both already been rejected by the EU in a desperate attempt to secure trade deals that will not make up for lost EU trade 
The country's being quietly shorted.And guess who'll suffer the most?Workers.#Brexit  
Interesting! As well as being the address of the Taxpayers Alliance, 55 Tufton St. is also home to:GWPF (Nigel Lawson's climate change deniers)Leave Means Leave (Dedicated to hardest Brexit possible)Civitas (Toby Young's "classical liberal" free school promoting gang) 
Humphrys TEARS INTO David Miliband for 'DESTROYING' UK's Brexit negotiating strategy 
BREXIT: Car makers hit out at Government's Brexit plans and call on country to stay in the Customs Union /#Brexit  
Gary Lineker interview: 'The people who will ultimately suffer from Brexit are the ones who voted for it - mostly the poor'  
But isn’t Brexit now inevitable? No, not at all.Parliament can stop Brexit if it wants to, or hand the decision back to the people. Here’s how.Me for @lsebrexitvote 
A.C. Grayling - Now I'm going to be entirely neutral about #Brexit & just say I think it's a bloody stupid idea & most people would agree with that sentiment & probably say I'm expressing myself rather mildly...#StopBrexit #FBPE @acgrayling 
One million students join calls for peoples' vote on Brexit deal Read the full letter here:“Dear Parliament,” by FFS 
I wish David Miliband had been as vocal during his brother’s election campaign as he is about Brexit....though of course it’s not got anything to do with with Brexit really it’s only to do with Jeremy Corbyn...another day another Blairite...probably Mandelson tomorrow. 
David Miliband leaves a scandal ridden charity to save us from Brexit. He's less embarrassing with a banana in his hand. Twat! 
Author, Blair-fan & Remainer Robert Harris appears to think there should be a 2nd #EU Referendum, b/c in his view Leave wouldn't win it.Which is odd, considering how in 2016 he didn't want a #EU Referendum at all, & hoped there'd never be another. . .  
Morning! I’m on a minibus which is taking us to a factory in Essex where David Miliband, Nicky Morgan and Nick Clegg are making some big speeches about the need for a soft, sensible Brexit  
Everyone with the slightest interest in the chances of our surviving Brexit without hideous damage should read this powerful piece by Howard Goodall:  
For more on the #Brexit money men and their extensive offshore interests, see this site from @MollyMEP.Their veneer of patriotism is a fraud, as is their pretence that Brexit is a revolt against the global elite. 
Falkland Islanders didn’t even have a vote in the referendum, yet they have so much to lose. @michaelgove what are you doing to protect their fishing access in these negotiations?  
Jeremy Corbyn risks being 'midwife of hard Brexit', warns David Miliband  
David Miliband coming back to Politics from his 500k a year charity job , a charity plagued by sexual offences allegations..To persuade YOU , leaving the single market is a HARD Brexit ( when that was discussed from the beginning !)Can’t think why he is .... - S O R O S -  
This article by @paulmasonnews proves that the far left don’t want to stop Brexit but capitalise on it.Their version was not even voted for by the vast maj of Brexit voters, but they don’t care.They see it as a chance to implement their ideology, regardless of the ensuing damage  
Carolyn Fairbairn of the CBI wants the UK to stay in the EU Customs Union after Brexit. Let me paraphrase. She wants the UK to stay in the EU after a pretend Brexit. 
Can someone tell David Miliband that the referendum happened two years ago? 
Hard to imagine anything LESS likely to win over Brexit supporters than someone perceived as epitomising the metropolitan liberal elite flying in from New York to tell them the error of their ways. David Miliband's lack of self awareness is staggering.  
It's like we had a referendum on making the country hotter. Nobody said how. When it came to how, it turned out the only way to make it hotter was to set fire to all our stuff; and now we're going to argue forever about how much stuff we're prepared to set fire to. 
Hard Brexit could maybe have been avoided if 1)Lab leadership had made the case for EEA/CU from June 2016 onwards;2)big args against had been framed in terms of jobs, & w/class leave-voting areas. Instead, we have faded pre-2015 politicians trying to lead the charge, in a vacuum 
On June 23rd 2018 you will have your opportunity to tell the govt that you want a #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal. Please march with us...it's time for us to "take back control" tell everyone you know and please RT.  
.@NickBoles we’re representing views of British business & TUC. It’s time for realistic solutions to deliver #Leave whilst doing the least harm to our economy & maintaining peace in N Ireland. As #DavidMiliband observes we cannot he held to ransom by Hard #Brexit ideologues  
Let's move on from re-fighting the referendum and start planning for Britains post-Brexit future   
More coverage yesterday in the @MailOnline of our open letter with 120 elected student leaders representing nearly a million students calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
There is no such thing as a good #Brexit, only damage limitation. The most effective damage limitation is to #StopBrexit, so let’s do that then #BrexitIsOver #MondayMotivaton 
David Miliband on @BBCr4today this morning. Patient good sense in the face of John Humphrys’ idiotic Brexit bluster. Punctured that tone of barely suppressed mirth - “This really isn’t funny, John.” 
I must have missed all the times Humphrys told Nigel Lawson to butt out of Brexit because he lives abroad. Oh no, wait- he only uses that line of argument to undermine interviewees on one side of the debate; the other side gets a free pass. #BBCfail #r4today #HumphrysMustGo 
David Miliband now says leaving the single market is 'hard Brexit'. Remainers used to say hard Brexit meant no deal. It has always been a loaded phrased used by Remainers trying to move the dial back. 
I have huge respect for you Lucy! But the irony here is “gammon” is the invention of “centrist dads”: it was coined by anti-Brexit (and anti-Corbyn) centrist Twitter to describe reactionary privileged chauvinist boors and since got a wider circulation. 
Head of MI5 says closer cooperation with EU countries essential, because of threat of Russia and Daesh. Tories press for disastrous hard #Brexit. Insanity rules in Government. 
The state of John Humphrys.Asking David Miliband why he has a right to comment on #Brexit as he works in New York.Has he ever asked Nigel Lawson, domiciled in France for decades, such a question?Or asked Rees-Mogg about why he conducts so much business offshore?#r4today 
Good to hear a strong anti #Brexit voice standing up to Humphries on @BBCr4today. Whilst I have signif political differences with @DMiliband there’s no doubt we need more voices like his. Worth talking to the 3rd party David? @theSNP have a good record here 
."In reality the ENTIRE Brexit negotiating process has ground to a halt as the civil war in the Conservative Party rumbles on, with BOTH wings at loggerheads over what kind of customs arrangements Britain will have with the EU after it leaves.". 
Why? You are not in government. We have not elected you to negotiate brexit on our behalf.  
David Miliband returns to UK politics today to join forces with @nick_clegg and @NickyMorgan01 to argue for softer Brexit. Tells @BBCr4today: “Britain is being held to ransom by a demand for hard Brexit” 
Did John Humphrys seriously just ask the former Foreign Secretary of the UK, "what has Brexit got to do with you?".WTF is going on @BBCr4today?Time to put the pensioner Brexit loony out to pasture.#r4today @BBCNews 
#bbcr4today BBC again doing best to undermine the Brexit we voted for. Why are has beens Miliband, Clegg and increasingly unhinged Morgan being given prominent airtime? 
Today’s fake news about Brexit, brought to you by The Independent.  Another load of half-baked Remoaner drivel dressed up as a parliamentary “report”.    
Labour's Kier Starmer loathes Brexit so how can we trust him not to undermine it when he meets with the EU today? Because that is exactly what he will be plotting with our EU enemies. And he doesn't care what you and I think about it.  
Back to work after #EurovisionPrepare your face for the annual"Did you actually like that""It is all political""AUSTRALIAISNOTINEUROPE""BREXIT"And other put downs,when they know you love the show.We can get through this Eurofans!  
Should the public have the #finalsay on the Brexit deal with a #PeoplesVote? Please choose from 1 or 2 if you voted Remain , 3 or 4 if you voted Leave, thanks.Thank you @JamesMelville for giving me the idea. Please retweet. 
Don't worry about it, Keir.People who voted for Brexit can't answer the question either.  
The richest self made man in Britain believes in #Brexit  
#Labour voter? Support a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal? Want to play a key role in a fast moving, grassroots campaign? Apply today to become our Campaign Executive   
This would be Scotland right now if not for the SNP/Green majority. #Brexit #powergrab 
."Knowing that a hard Brexit cannot be delivered without chaos the DUP are focused on deflecting the blame onto those who cautioned against it.". 
I wonder if Johnson was aware - when he switched to the Brexit side ahead of the EU Ref - of all the ‘extra’ help the campaign would get. 
Let’s not forget that #Brexit problems are not just big things like the #CustomsUnion , but also a whole load of little things that will hurt, annoy or cost us in many different ways: 
Irony = Those pursuing 'sovereignty' via brexit broke British law in order to achieve it. The fine is an admission of that guilt. Next criminal charges.  #fbpe 
Millions were barred by The Conservatives from voting. Including  2.5 million Brits abroad promised the Vote in #Conservatives  Manifesto in 2015 were stopped from voting in EU Referendum IN 2016Plus 16+ and 3 million EU27 tax paying residents. 
."Callous & cruel, but also incompetent. The UK Government are fighting like cats in a sack & are totally unable to answer even the most straightforward questions about Brexit.". 
#brexit David Miliband joining up with Nick Clegg & Nicky Morgan. To stop a hard Brexit. From the man who earns £425,000 a year working for a charity. He’s that bad he couldn’t even beat his horrendous, useless brother to become Labour leader. 3 clowns  together FFS  
@Femi_Sorry New Labour did this for nearly 20 years. "We understand your legitimate concerns". All they did was legitimate those entirely unfounded "concerns" (i.e. prejudices) and push the debate onto the right's territory. *That's how we got Brexit* 
Fair enough, 43 years after we Brexit we should have another referendum. That would be symmetrical.  
Dear @jeremycorbyn,Is your "jobs first" Brexit so called because by the time we've left the EU we will have lost hundreds of thousands of jobs first?112,000 have gone already and still you peddle the fib that Brexit can be good for jobs.Get real or get out man! 
So the Electoral Commission find that the leave vote was effectively procured by electoral crime, and refer to the Police. How long before May and Corbyn realise "brexit" is over ? 
Is it April 1st? : Brexit - UK government to host summit on why other countries should join the EU  
Theresa May asks for "trust" as her team reaches breaking point on Brexit  
There is something odd (to say the least) that pre Brexit the idea that Turkey might become a member of EU is touted as one of reason to get out. Post Brexit the UK is on a charm offensive! 
Navy chiefs get go-ahead for £1.5billion hunter-killer submarine HMS Agincourt to boost our forces in a post #Brexit world.It will be confirmed by @GavinWilliamson at a visit to BAE Systems’ base at Barrow, Cumbria. 
NEW: @ClaireHanna MLA, the @SDLPlive’s Brexit spokesperson, will be speaking alongside Lord Neil Kinnock at our @laboursinglemkt rally on Wednesday in Parliament. Staying in the customs union AND the EEA is needed to avoid a hard Irish border! Sign up here 
'Cut it OUT!' House of Lords leader SAVAGES peers for 'going too far' to thwart Brexit  
This morning, @AmateyDoku will be on @LBC at 7:20am with @NickFerrariLBC to talk about #FFS, and why students across the country are calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. 
“We’re being a bunch of mindless bloody idiots, but you don’t need to be.” #Brexit  
Labour being pro #Remain and *not* for #Brexit in their Northern seats is confirmed by the BES Study.Labour is #Remain everywhere, even in their Northern seats.#PeoplesVote 
Britain must reclaim its place as the world's great innovator to prosper after Brexit  
Theresa May couldn't deliver a pizza, never mind Brexit - Mhairi Black The Cabinet would still be arguing over which flavour pizza. 
Google to ban all adverts related to Irish abortion referendum following fears online campaigns could sway the vote  
Britain is heading into the unknown. By now, the gov should have had a much clearer idea about what impact Brexit would have on the economy, but politicians seem increasingly baffled about what the consequences will be for the UK.Note the source. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  163,639 Signatures RETWEET  
The Irish border has nothing to do with Remain and everything to do with incompetence on the part of the government in their headlong rush to Brexit. They also forgot the Gibraltar border and the Falklands. Project Fear becoming Project Reality.  
Britain’s great Brexit divide as seen through the final Premiership football table  
As @RailaOdinga left for his supposed lectures abroad, we hope he negotiated with his brother @UKenyatta to ensure full compliance with court orders and reentry of Kenyan born patriot @MigunaMiguna. The handshake should have secured RULE OF LAW beyond a whimsical referendum 
Headhunters say there simply aren’t enough candidates with excellent English in this minuscule nation to fill the jobs created by Brexit  
Sorry, but this is important: the final terms of any brexit deal on the future relationship will be unknown until *after* we've left the EU. We can vote on the "withdrawal agreement" but that may well just fudge vital political and commercial issues and kick them into transition.  
10 elements to help you protect and manage #cyberattacks.#cyber #onlinesecurity #infosec #data #databreach #hacking #risk #security #privacy #gdpr #brexit #IoT #InternetOfThings #AI #infographic #cyebrsec #cybersecurity #infosecjobs #Online #digital #DT cc @mikequindazzi #mac 
There are those who think that Brexit can be stopped by arguing against a ‘hard Brexit.’ Hard Brexit is long over; & there is no such thing as a ‘soft Brexit,’ which is paid membership without a say. The target is & must be NO BREXIT. 
The party has so much going for it but the leadership of @UKLabour think it is alright to ignore the many Labour voters that either oppose Brexit or want a soft Brexit. They are not the party of the many but the party of the few Brextremists that are in key leadership roles. 
France says June is 'ultimate deadline' for Brexit progress on Northern Ireland  
Brexit: trust in me - the nation has long learned to be wary of politicians asking for their trust. In Mrs May's case, she has done nothing to deserve it. If she doesn't actually realise that, we must be dealing with a seriously thick woman...  #Brexinfo. 
If you think the U.K. economy only started tanking after the #EU referendum then you either have not been paying attention or have been sheltered from its consequences. Try ‘since the crisis’ or better yet, since ‘austerity’.  
Brexit: UK government to host summit on why other countries should join the EU.You. Could. Not. Make. It. Up.Stop the Brexitshambles. #StopBrexit. Hold a #PeoplesVote and #Remain in the EU.  
One million student union members call for referendum on final Brexit deal  
What about the youth who voted leave? I was 19 and voted for Brexit. I knew many others under 20 who believe we're better off as a sovereign country ready to rejoin the world. The EU hasn't been good for the young. Look at the Mediterranean, with over 50% youth unemployment. 
Open your eyes Scotland. The media are under reporting the effects of Brexit, the power grab from our parliament, the crippling effect of austerity on public services in every country of the U.K. and focusing on @ScotGov & yet If we call them out we are vile Cybernats! #ScotRef 
I'm appalled that your party was involved in a £435,000 referendum scam that has been covered up through further collusion between your party and the government you're propping up for a £1bn backhander, but there you go.  
Stop making every LeBron shot, game, and series a referendum on his greatness. Enjoy this man before he's gone. 
Keir is not in government, and never will be, he has no business undermining the Governments Brexit negotiations, ,under the fixed parliamentary term only the conservatives can call a GE before 2022, a change of leadership does not require a GE. 
We don’t have to continue with Brexit. There is no constitutional reason we can’t have another referendum or a free #finalsay in the commons. #brexit must die. May must resign or be pushed  
Interesting signal from Norway. I’d rather #Brexit didn’t happen at all, but if it does an expanded EEA could be a more powerful bargaining force than the UK sitting in splendid isolation.   
Some of the tweeps I follow believe it's all over for Brexit because it is imploding in its contradictions.They may be right on the symptom but not the prognosis.Hearing Thornberry, reading what another female Labour MP wrote "reconciled Remainer", I don't see Brexit stopping. 
Just published: EU Committee report on #Brexit: Common Security and Defence Policy missions and operations:  
UK businesses warned over risk of Brexit-driven crime surge  
Poll: We all know that Theresa May’s Customs Partnership is going to be rejected by Brussels & voted down by the Commons. I think the people should have that vote in “Our Referendum” & it should be like this: 
The remainer who is blindly going on with Brexit because it's the "will of the people"? You know better than that Keir, I know you do. It's time to stop this nonsense. It only needs one or two more key figures such as yourself to speak out, and it would fall apart. It's time. 
Government's preferred Brexit scenario will leave UK public finances £615m worse off a week  via @LondonEconomic 
That illusion when you think your train is moving but it’s actually the train next to you, and yours is standing still? Goodbye Europe.#Brexit 
2012 NUJ criticised BBC for poor coverage of independence referendum 2014 BBC allowed Better Together to make pro-union cinema ad at its Glasgow studios2014 BBC appointed Kezia Dugdale as presenter of Crossfire2014 Audience Council Scotland questioned BBC impartiality 
#Brexit is still tearing the #Racist #Tories apart. David Davis is still leading from the back. Theresa May disorganised the #ToryBrexitFiasco to join #Grenfell #Windrush #UniversalCredit #Waspi #NHS_sale 
Remain voter: “we want a people’s vote another referendum” Me: “How are you going to change people’s minds and get them to support Remain?”Remain voter: “shut up gammon” 
Students plan summer of defiance in push for ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit  
The next voting generation is out in full force, extolling the benefits of the EU and demanding a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal.  
What a sorry state the House of Commons must be in when the leaders of the two main parties insist they must continue on a path to harm the UK to respect a fraudulent and advisory referendum, and neither Parliamentary party holds a vote of no confidence. 
Your #Brexit stance & the denial of a #FinalSay + a #StopBrexit option to Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to #Brexit or to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain may lose you the next election.  Labour is now complicit in the theft of our Rights & the impoverishment of the UK 
Final thought - one of the main aims of the campaign @FFSake_ is to change the face of the Brexit conversation, bringing young people & their experiences to a variety of media.Today we hit the @observer (front page), @Independent, @SkyNews, @BBCNews & @LBC. #PeoplesVote 
If you put as much effort into British Politics as you have put in to subverting Brexit, you might have been half decent.  
You might have voted to leave the EU. But these three politicians think they know best and are determined to overturn the referendum  
We were lied to! Secret document FCO 30/1048 locked away for 30 years advised British government to cover-up realities of EU membership so that by the time the public realised what was happening it would be to late  #Brexit  
The increasing attacks on cabinet responsiblity and calls of breaching the "will of the people" it seems to me strengthen arguments made for a second referendum. Not something I advocate but logic dictates that as an inevitable conclusion given #labour and #conservative division 
Frustratingly I don’t have a vote in the upcoming referendum on the 8th - if I did though I would vote & will regardless campaign for, a yes vote for a more compassionate, understanding & just society, where women are trusted & given the care they may sadly need. #WhoNeedsYourYes 
'Come on @UKLabour! WAKEY WAKEY!"Students DON'T want #Brexit... Get wid it.Keep up the good work kids! @FFSake_ @YEM_UK @OFOCbrexitWe will #StopBrexit! 
A brief nod towards impending refusal of #LCM to #EUWithdrawalBill on @BBCWestminHour. Damien Green misrepresents opposition as purely @theSNP when it’s cross party except the Tories.  He is left uncorrected & sadly there’s no voice from the 3rd party #Brexit 
David, unless you are coming back to help create a 3rd Party, Stop. Brexit has to happen. The people have voted for that. Again I say this as someone who voted remain in 2016 and would if it was 2016. I don’t want a second referendum.  
Theresa May. Worst PM ever?Windrush generation scandalGrenfell Tower scandalDecimation of police numbers & sky rocketing crimeNHS destruction130,000 austerity linked deathsBrexit debacleWeakest leadership#ResignNowTheresaMay 
The young, mobile, educated, adaptable people who Britain needs for its future are precisely the ones most likely to be alienated by the lies, ignorance, xenophobia and narrow-minded nationalism of #Brexit Britain.We need to change course fast!#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"I was scared of #Brexit and the dark... It's a #UKIP style nightmare of my dreams... Stop this unfair Westminster centric rule, put funding into regions the #NHS and our schools!" #StopBrexit #SheswithEU 
 BREAKING NEWS! The British government will host a summit encouraging 6 European countries TO JOIN THE EU for the sake of their “security, stability & prosperity”, months before it is due to sign its own Brexit withdrawal deal with Brussels  Are they taking the piss???  
Every day a new group calls for a final vote. And every day the hard Brexit voices grow more desperate and shrill.It's as if the are somehow scared of democracy :-/ 
If something was so great for 40+ years why would anyone need to defend it? In 2 years of Brexit bollocks this may be the dumbest tweet yet.  
About 40% of Lewisham voters voted Brexit. And about 30% of people  didn’t vote in the last General Election. I want to give a voice to  those people, and to the people left behind by Labour, the Tories, and  UKIP. RT #forbritain @AMDWaters @ForBritainParty 
A new poll shows that 71% of Labour supporters would back a new referendum on Britain’s membership of the EU.  
Another important step to securing a #Brexit that puts jobs and growth first.   
Let´s wait & see what the @ElectoralCommUK has to say one whether that was a free and fair Referendum, shall we?Please explain why the government chooses not to apply existing EU Law to 'control the borders'Did 'the people' give you explicit instructions to be worse off?  
France says June is 'ultimate deadline' for Brexit progress on Northern Ireland  
BREXIT: Mayor Joe calls for second EU referendum /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
#WhoNeedsYourYes I do. I am a survivor of sexual abuse, and it petrifies me knowing that if I had fallen pregnant, my country could have done nothing for me.   This referendum is not black and white, please think of young girls who were in my situation and use your vote wisely. 
It’s getting late, but it’s time to play tough with Brussels:  #Brexit 
People were so desperate for change that they voted for something that almost every academic was saying would hurt them. Statistically, as the half of the electorate with more career prospects, to stop Brexit and pretend we haven't heard that cry, would be unforgivable. 
Brave #Brexit Ultras ran away. Bravely ran away away. When reality reared its logical head, Ultras bravely turned and fled. Yes, brave Brexit Ultras turned about And gallantly they chickened out. Swiftly taking to their feet, The Ultras beat a brave retreat.  
A farmer’s daughter. My dad died 4 years ago but was always one of the first to try new things in farming. He would have been horrified to see the county going backwards following a dishonest referendum the result of which has been highjacked by our politicians for their own ends 
Have to feel for those Brits who retired to an EU country. Didn’t get to vote in the referendum and may lose everything and have to come home if they can’t resolve the private pensions issue. 
The (widely respected) Jill Rutter is underwhelmed - both by Theresa May's statement and her Government's handling of Brexit generally. THREAD.  
It's this that contributes to making Brexit difficultWho's authority is he doing this ?Who's paying for his trip ?Will he be giving a full report to Parliament and Exiting the EU Committee on his return ?  
"The government has done too little and it is almost too late now to prevent significant damage occurring."A lack of vets could become the next Brexit border nightmare  
But...why would they do THAT? What's in it for  the #EU27?They'd be setting precedent...a dangerous one ...for THEM. I don't get it. #Brexit  
a year ago I wrote a blog about how the PM had yet to do anything to earn the nation's trust on #brexit  
Was excellent to be able to talk about the amazing @FFSake_ campaign for a People's Vote on the terms of the Brexit deal on @BBCNews this evening, we deserve a chance to have our voices heard, and a say in our future! #ffs #peoplesvote 
. @RuthWilkinson4 (President at Kent University SU) speaking to @BBCNews about the @FFSake_ movement and why young people are calling for a #PeoplesVote ”Young people are feeling frustrated by the Brexit negotiations... & haven’t seen anything positive come from it!”#FFS 
A long blog post from Chris Grey but none of it is filler. The problems for democracy that Brexit has unleashed can only be tackled if we acknowledge them, and too many of us have our heads in the sand or aren't speaking out. (My conclusion, not his, but it ties in, I think.)  
Someone please inform the #EU that Keir Starmer IS NOT the government of the UK nor does he have any authority to be negotiating anything to do with #Brexit  
Oslo thaws on UK joining EEA after Brexit  
Two years of Britain running backwards on a treadmill, making increasingly less sense.The cabinet doesn’t know what Brexit they voted for. How does one person divine the intentions of 17million from an abstract question?  
Brexit “poses the greatest modern-day threat to women’s rights and gender equality policies in the UK.” Today was about addressing this. Thankyou @TulipSiddiq @JMPSimor @eloisetodd @cliodiaspora @tessmillsy @GraceCampbell @lara_spirit and all the other incredibly inspiring women. 
Do you ever have that thing when you write down a technological solution to Brexit on a Post-It note and then you can’t remember where you put it and you know it’s bin day tomorrow and you don’t want it back enough to go hoking through the empty ice cream cartons looking for it? 
Great to see 3 notable experienced cross party politicians coming together to call on MPs to “set aside party loyalties and place their constituents at the forefront of their minds. They must put our country first” on brexit.#stopbrexit #PeoplesVote 
Compilation of some historical statements of Govt of India about its promise and commitment with Kashmiris and with international community for a plebiscite / referendum in state of #Jammu & #Kashmir. #kashmirplebiscite Compiled by @makhdoomimehboo 
You can trust me to deliver Brexit, says woman you wouldn’t trust to deliver a pizza 
People outside Canada are horrified learning about Ford. Hope that sinks in.Not long ago many if not most Canadians (inc me once or twice) declared Trump and Brexit could never happen here. Because we are better than that.Heck, Ontarians scoffed at Alberta for Jason Kenney! 
David Miliband coming back to save Britain from Brexit is the remainer equivalent of the boy you had a crush on before he went on a long holiday and now he’s back but you’ve moved on with his mate who stayed at home all summer  
The Scottish/ British media are foaming at the mouth just now with there Anti Independence Storys possibly on par with the referendum itself. Are they through there sources expecting an announcement for Indyref any time now? You can smell the fear! 
And in its adoption by O'Brien, Jones et al we can see their unvarnished snobbery and their contempt for the backbone of Britain. Mark them well. It is their regime that #Brexit brings to an end.  
Just dump #Brexit altogether. Majority of @UKLabour supporters want to stay in #EU Stop supporting @Conservatives toxic #brexitshambles & help bring about a #PeoplesVote and #FinalSayForAll#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit@Remain_Labour @steviweavi 
Just a friendly reminder.... #brexit  
The U.K. needs to have a constitutional conversation with itself. Which is why a referendum on either accepting the Govt’s Brexit deal or sticking with the status quo of EU membership isn’t the end but the beginning of that conversation. I’ll be exploring this idea soon. 
The #Tory Cabinet is entirely split on what type of #Brexit Britain should have. And if the government can’t now agree on what Brexit means, how on earth could the electorate have known what Brexit meant on 23 June 2016? RT @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  
Cos there was never any political, anti-British Eurovision Song Contest voting before the EU Referendum...#Clown 
"Gammon" is basically a sneer at middle aged men. Fathers, grandfathers, husbands, sons. It's a spit of bile at the everyday voter. The butt of every radio 4 "comedy" slot joke. An institutional contempt more responsible for #Brexit than any bus.  
In a long debate today with someone (on the right), I got them to agree that the Brexit campaign involved racism, but he refused to concede that the Trump campaign did. Did not expect that. 
Mayor Joe Anderson calls for second EU referendum - with Champions League final comparison  
Britain 'held to ransom' by Tories pushing for hard Brexit, Nicky Morgan warns  
That’s because Brexit is misogyny writ large. It starts with this abuse that far too many of us get, and it will end with women’s rights being dismantled on a large scale.  
A million young Brits to join forces to 'put a stop to Brexit'FFS I would put another meaning to Students! There are no jobs in EU countries, what’s their problem!  
Mays duplicity over Brexit comes from having to appease 50% anti EU/pro Brexit faction, but mitigate the damage it will cause. Corbyn is the anti EU/pro Brexit faction of the party. His calculated ambiguity comes from the desire to suppress other 70%  
1. More than a few people of late have noted a change in my tweeting style of late. Mainly because I have come to realise that this is not a platform for persuading anyone of anything. Especially in the #Brexit debate. No minds are going to change. ... 
(1/2) How many more times do we have to read that we are failing young people’s #mentalhealth before something is actually done about it?!If the government were to focus on this urgent issue as much as it does on #Brexit things might actually change  
.@NinaParker and I have accidentally revealed how Brexit will be stopped: #NastyWomenStopBrexit ... wom*e*n because there are millions of us. But you have to get off the sofa and join us! #WomenAgainstBrexit 
Its been 2 years since our historic ref, when the democratic majority decided to leave the undemocratic, unelected, unaccountable EU. The duplicitous May has side stepped, dodged, and back peddled every day since. May has no intention of delivering a recognisable #Brexit#Maout 
Interesting new take on the #Brexit #Referendum :   
Dear Mr Rees - Mogg It has become abundantly clear that you & you alone are the only person with the intelligence , humour & knowledge to get us through Brexit in the true meaning of which we voted.Please please challenge Mrs May & take to the helm ...YOU WILL BE BRILLIANT  
Peace in Northern Ireland has shamefully become a bargaining chip because Remainers have identified Ireland as their best chance of reversing or softening Brexit, along with Michel Barnier and his team, says @ollywiseman 
Being inside the Customs Union costs Britain billions of pounds each year. UK shoppers overpay for non-EU imports, due to common external tariffs protecting inefficient producers in the EU:  #Brexit 
Brexit Parody - Gotye. 
Your Sunday evening reminder that this isn't going anywhere! A referendum won on lies & fraudulently cannot be allowed to continue to be treated as a valid opinion poll of public opinion. #Brexit must be halted!#Brexitshambles #Stopbrexit #FBPE 
The Brexit 'dividend' over the next few years.If the government get their way, the annual shortfall of government funds/budget due to Brexit will be FIVE times the total annual cost of the NHS by 2030.Under Corbyn, the annual shortfall will be reduced to a mere THREE times.  
So delighted to have finally met the great Steven Bray @SODEMAction. I have many heroes in this Brexit fight, I do. But his determination — which provides inspiration every day — is very special. #defiance  
Look at this guy, whoever he is. He’s been so conned by Brexiter deceit and false promises that he *still* believes we’ll have more money for the NHS rather than less when we Brexit.  
Greek proverb quoted by Will Hutton: A society grows great when old men plant trees in whose shadow they know they will never sit. [Just the opposite of #Brexit and Tory govt policy generally.] 
We are now truly in a looking glass world....Brexit: UK government to host summit on why other countries should join the EU | The Independent  
Demographic change makes it very likely that there will soon be a big pro-EU majority. I do not think they will look very kindly on politicians who have dragged Britain out of the EU. I think rather that those politicians will face a very uncomfortable day of reckoning.#Brexit 
We in the North of Ireland have no vote  and no voice in this Irish Referendum .No voice but yours ....just like the unborn themselves .Be our voice VOTE NO  
On one of the biggest issues facing the country, Labour are only interested in frustrating the process rather than making Brexit a success. 
Keir Starmer’s reluctance to back Brexit and failure to rule out a second referendum, says all you need to know about Labour’s Brexit policy.  
Please RT our joint campaign with @Remain_Labour If Labour members are to change our Brexit Policy, we must do it through our CLPs and raise our voice so loud it can't be ignored. Conference and its votes are crucial. We are Labour, we are internationalists, we are Pro-EU. 
I am because I think this election in Ontario can be as disastrous for this province as Brexit or the election of Donald Trump. Doug Ford has to be stopped because once elected this province will become as feral as America from his dog eat dog politics.  #OntarioVotes 
In my Sunday Times column today I discuss how the Yes side, aided and abetted by much of the media, insist on pretending this referendum is mainly about the hard cases.   
Same in the UK.The swamp are trying to take down #Brexit.On both sides of the Atlantic we must stay strong to ensure that the swamp don't win.Our democracy is in the balance.  
Brian Adcock on whether Theresa May can be trusted to deliver Brexit - political cartoon gallery in Putney pic.twitter.com/kkA2gIn7fG 
There will be a referendum on Scottish independence if the democratically elected parliament of Scotland wishes to have one. Agree?  
Trust me on Brexit, May says as ministers squabble  
Democracy means people-power. That's literally where the word comes from.Knowledge is power. If the people are kept in the dark about the details of Brexit, that's fundamentally undemocratic.If the people vote when they know more, it's categorically more democratic#PeoplesVote 
Agree or disagree?:Running a successful country needs attention to detail51.9%-48.1% is an undecided countryThe Brexit deal will tell us much more detail than we had in 2016Therefore a vote with those details would be more democratic than in 2016#PeoplesVote 
Except that like Brexit is Britain’s decision. It’s not an Irish tactic for anything, it’s a British tactic against everything - including common sense!  
The only person to call a 2nd referendum right now is Theresa May.So why are 2nd referendum groups ignoring that and targeting Corbyn instead - saying if he doesn’t back it he is a ‘coward’?These pro-EU groups would rather bring down Corbyn than get a 2nd referendum from May. 
The famous song by the proclaimers pro-independence anthem, Cap In Hand,Is it time now to send a message and download it and purchase it and get it to No1 in the charts, to tell the world we demand an Independence referendum? 
This is an interesting thread - it suggests that the claim of "17% cheaper food bills after Brexit" is based on a paper from...1971!?  
You know what else is based on skin colour and age? Fucking Brexit.  
We are waiting for the debate on the 18 of June to see if the Commons will give the people a referendum on abolishing the unelected House of Lords. I hope you speak on that day on behalf of 17.4+million voters who voted leave. 
You had your chance. You could have adopted an approach that sought to bring the country together - by devising a Brexit that reflected the closeness of the vote = the softest of soft Brexits. Instead you pandered to the hard right, you sowed division & allowed liars to prevail.  
Brexit. The past holding hostage the future (via @davidfirn). 
What’s great about Brexit is despite huge state legal and administrative costs, the job losses, business closures & trade downturn it will cause, the threat to N Ireland peace & a more narrow, divided, xenophobic country it’s all worth it because, because...what you staring at? 
What. The. Actual. Fuck.  #Brexit hypocrisy just hit new levels of stupid.  #StopBrexit 
When this #Brexit business is finished there are about 500 MPs who should be barred from political office for life, and there are perhaps 20 or 30 Tories who should be put behind prison bars for grossly perverting the course of democracy in our country. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
@AnneMilton, thousands of young voices from our constituency are calling for a say on their future. Is it not time that we have a #PeoplesVote on whether the final Brexit deal has delivered what our constituents were promised? @guardian @FFSake_ #FFS 
Julia Hartley-Brewer - "We all knew about the customs union and single market during the referendum, even though Remainers claim otherwise."Theresa May needs to make a decision, stick to it and take her cabinet with her."  
This is Labour. A party led by cowards, who defer to a referendum result won by right-wing press lies & Farage's hate propaganda. A party that prefers to harm the many rather than stand up for principles. A sad remnant of a once great campaigning party.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May made a Brexit pledge to the British people on social media. It didn’t end well  
This is Katie and Rachael from @youthforeurope, who were too young to vote in the 2016 referendum. When Theresa May delivers a final Brexit deal, we need a #PeoplesVote so that young people like Katie and Rachael can actually get a say about their future. 
When a leading Leave campaign lemming calls it a shambles, its time to start back pedalling from the cliff. Stop Brexit..#Renew_Britain 
Chloe Westley - "Brexit is a huge opportunity. We need to stop squabbling about the debate from two years ago and move on to what kind of country we’re going to be."  
No I was v clear I would campaign for the single market, customs union & positive benefits of immigration. You forget we lost our majority last June. Voters rejected a Hard Brexit.  
1. You've let me down. 2. You don't even know what Brexit is yet. 3. I will do everything possible to obstruct you. 4. But give me £1 billion, like the DUP, and I'll think about it.  
The government have delivered:-- austerity- wage decline- public sector pay freeze- NHS crisis- Windrush scandal- £1bn DUP bribe- national debt doubled- 1 million foodbank visitsIf Brexit is delivered like the government have been delivering so far, then god help us.  
Remember, the British govt has ruled out imposing border posts in Northern Ireland. Whatever the final deal, it is _ONLY_ the EU that would impose a so-called hard border.It's only EU theology that would lead to customs posts and stops.#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
If you can't answer this question and back up your answer with facts rather than fantasy then you shouldn't be supporting any kind of Brexit #StopBrexit 
Britain has a £82 billion trade deficit with the EU (2016)Whereas Germany has a trade surplus of at least £99 billion with rEU each year.Who is it here that benefits from the EU customs union and single market?#Brexit#NoCustomsTrap 
“Everyone should respect other people’s opinions on the referendum” no sorry hun I will not respect anyone who is trying to exert control over my body 
Sammy Wilson is a member of the UK governing coalition. This is the type of clown driving a hard Brexit and trashing devolution in Northern Ireland.  
Very, VERY important to remember this point. Brexit-Extremists don't have to have any viable plans, or win any people's vote. All they have to do is wait for the clock to tick down and their Mad Max vision for the UK's future comes to pass by default in 10 months' time.  
Brexit isn't just about Brexit.It's about the precedent of introducing controversial constitutional change based on a 4% win an an advisory referendum. If it goes ahead, the method may be used to:Introduce Capital PunishmentCriminalise HomosexualityBan Trade Unions ...#FBPE 
_This is what a trade policy strategy looks like when there is no strategy. •Reminds me of the Brexit shamble in the early days...  
It’s just so Brexit...‘The British government will host a summit encouraging six European countries to join the EU for the sake of their “security, stability and prosperity”’ 
The fact that you believe that, Chris, shows how little you understand of Brexit or referenda. Everybody thought they were voting for something different. Some voted against Tory austerity, not the EU at all. Is that what May has promised to deliver? 
The new Austin BrexitTake Back Control  
2000 signatures to get this petition in 5th place on the all time list of Government petitions.Let's get a referendum to  abolish the House of Lords. 
Theresa May, from “Brexit means Brexit” to snake oil saleswoman’s utter gibberish:“The path I set out here is the path to deliver the Brexit people voted for. I will need your help and support to get there. And in return my pledge to you is simple: I will not let you down.”  
The Salisbury Convention came about in 1945 to allow Labour push through nationalisation, a manifesto promise, past a Tory-filled Lords.Now actively working at Lords to defy the Convention, how can Labour make any moral claim to abiding by Constitutional principles?#Brexit  
If Adolph Hitler had had #Brexit as a weapon, he could have neutered the UK without a Navy, Army or Airforce. #Brexit is the weapon your enemy wished he had in his arsenal. 
I'm just saying, wanting to withdraw from a *singing competition* beloved by millions across the world that you don't even have to compete to get into just because your country doesn't win against 42 others is definitely peak brexit 
Vardy you beautiful, brexit voting, wkd drinking, asbo owning, bastard. 
Remember, the anti-Brexit Tory rebelsvoted for the referendumelected on a manifesto to leave single market and customs unionvoted for Article50voted for the 3rd reading of the Withdrawal bill.If they now sabotage #Brexit with help from Lords, what does this say of them?  
Can I ask for your advice and/or feedback please? It's about the @ireland account for the week of May 21st to 27th, the week of the referendum.I have two ideas about what it could be used for and would appreciate your insight. 
Thank you @TulipSiddiq for attending our event today, for putting country & constituents ahead of party & self-interest, and for speaking up for women, ethnic minorities, the LGBT community and other marginalised groups whose rights are threatened by Brexit.  by Philip Robinson  
Ireland’s abortion referendum: ‘It’s painful and it’s personal’  
Mueller's indictment say that the Internet Research Agency hired 90 translators and trolls in a two year run up to Brexit and the US elections. The cost was over £75k a month. 
Whilst some label themselves superheroes, we firmly believe that honour comes after we've beaten Brexit. But our contenders are:@carolecadwalla@MollyMEP@catherinemep@thatginamiller@spaceangel1964@Emma_Forage@solange_lebourgYep a shortlist of amazing women. #EUsuperheroes 
We are doing our best to abolish the unelected Lords. The Government will debate our call in their Petition on giving UK a referendum on this subject. If democracy means anything we will get our referendum.  
HELLO lovely peeps PLEASE do me the honour of a quick sign ...Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Sir Keir Starmer struggles to complete sentence ‘Brexit will be good for Britain because…’Err No! Just #StopBrexit 
Slightly controversial question... but do any of my followers want brexit to happen? 
My point is I object to losing those rights. And no, don't twist facts, the EU won't be taking them away from me, people like you will by voting to leave. You did this to me, own it. And own the catastrophe that brexit will be.  
Theresa May says "trust me" on Brexit, as tensions in cabinet simmer  
BR[exit] means brexit. you know where the door is.  
So let's take a look at that paper.  As a first glance, it's clear that only the hardest of brexit so will do: 4/  
Now, I'm no @Jim_Cornelius but when Chloe Westley from Taxpayers Alliance on @MarrShow today claimed that food would be 17% cheaper after brexit, something didn't ring true.  The claim was completely unchallenged by @bbcnickrobinson. So, let's take a look 1/ 
Even in a world festooned with ignorance, this takes some beating, but it shows the mindset of people prepared to go over the edge on the back of ideology. Extraordinary drivel @spectator #brexit "Why should we give in to EU blackmail over the EU border?"   
A Gerrymandered referendum based on lies. The UK has always had control of its laws, borders and money.The UK voted to approve 98% of all EU rules/laws.UK never applied EU immigration controls.And 99% of all UK revenues are spent in the UK, the EU contribution is negligible. 
Been quoted in the independent this afternoon, I and many other young people are calling for a people's vote on the Brexit deal #ffs #peoplesvote @FFSake_ 
Brexit seen threatening UK links in EU supply chain  
Progress geezer jumps into my mentions, mocks me, then when I ask The Question ie how will any of their "People's Vote" posturing actually stop Brexit, he disappears.  Why can nobody answer this question?  It's vital. I don't want to lose my European Citizenship. 
#Brexit: #Brussels set to push for six-month extension to UK's transition period out of #EU  
Those who claim a real Brexit will endanger the #GFA in Northern Ireland are doing so for political purposes.Those who insist violence will return as a result of #Brexit are actually pushing for the return to violence in effect?  
5 million people in Britain have an Irish grandparent and the number of passport applications has soared since #Brexit. Are they rediscovering their “Irishness” in the process? New column by diaspora academic @marcdonnchadh for @ITAbroad 
.@cliodiaspora: "Brexit means a future of chlorinated chicken and holding hands with a man who likes to grab women by the p***y. Well... This p***y grabs back!!" #ShesWithEU 
Brexit: UK government to host summit on why other countries should join the EU  
Never thought I'd live to see the day when I agree with Lord Mandelson such is the topsy turvy world of Brexit politics of strange cross party political alliances  
One million student union members call for referendum on final Brexit deal  
‘We’re waiting for answers’: Facebook, Brexit and 40 questions  
David Miliband ploughs backs into politics with crusade against 'fantasy Brexit' 
Yeh because people are going to listen to the @LibDems when it comes to “u-turns”.They have lied & lied again to people. Labour’s Brexit position couldn’t be clearer; playing political games will do the Lib Dems no favours.People don’t, & won’t, forget their coalition time.  
Im speaking at the Women Against Brexit rally outside Europe House. Here are the fantastic young leaders speaking about the impact Brexit will have on young women #OurFutureOurChoice 
READ: Lord Mandelson warns that Brexit is a political crisis and it will have to go back to the people for a vote. Please RT: 
This is my feeling in these days of Trump, Brexit and extreme right wing parties dominating in many countries of Europe like mine   
A 3-day national convention on constitutional review process kicks off in Mogadishu with stakeholders from regionals and diaspora communities attending. Fed Govt set a deadline of Dec 31, 2018 to complete constitutional reviews but there will be no referendum on it before 2020.  
Why is Brexit like Old London Bridge? Because it is falling down & no one has a plan to replace it  
This is spot on. I voted to remain in the EU but I respect that more people voted to leave. A second referendum would be undemocratic and lead us down a rocky path. We’re leaving the European Union. It’s happening.   
Why is the British Prime Minister lying today in the Sunday Times about there being Brexit dividend? She knows diminished tax revenues will be many many times our small EU contribution...  
That's a spineless MP who cares more for her party than her country.It's a hypocrite who knows that Brexit will be ruinous for the country but would rather pander to the minority of racists who voted for it than stand up for what is right.A disgrace, basically. 
This is the pledge we needed from the PM. We in AFB also pledge to support the Brexit people voted for in the arts, but we too need help and support to do this.We've all seen the true face of the EU now + had enough of the  smeering of our good people.Brexit means Brexit  
Sad to see @theSNP absent from an otherwise very good morning of TV politics coverage. With refusal of #LCM on #EUWithdrawalBill & consequent constitutional crisis looming it seems odd that the party of @scotgov & third party at WM shd be overlooked #Brexit 
Letter from 60 student unions complains that “promises made by Brexiteers have not been delivered”. But Brexit hasn’t been delivered yet. Haven’t these idiots noticed? 
'Trust me on Brexit', UK PM May says as ministers squabble  
Theresa May has asked us to trust her on #Brexit, this is the same woman who stood on the steps of 10 Downing Street and said "I'm going to tackle the burning injustices in our society", so what did she do? She poured more fuel on them, i wouldn't trust any tory #ToriesOut 
It's such a struggle to get many fellow Remainers to take on the mindset of a campaigning movement rather than a debating society. Our task is not to find ever better arguments against Brexit, our task is to #StopBrexit! We have new allies - Support them! Connect with them! #FFS! 
Well, @theresa_may, you are calling on people to support you in pushing through #Brexit that a majority don’t want?That’s not leadership, it’s lunacy.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Hi @JuliaHB1 Would you please tweet this graph from the FT showing how the UK economy has started tanking since the EU referendum? Thank you  
So many Remainers have a habit of deliberately misinterpreting or just blatanly lying about things @DanielJHannan or I have said. That's partly a casual disregard for the truth, partly silly word-play, but often that same Remainer failure to *see* the truth that has led to Brexit 
An excellent example of the kind of thinking that has the UK hurtling down the Brexit bobsleigh run in the first place. The sort of thing that has you wishing them luck, while retiring to a safe distance.  
How current LAB voters are viewing Brexit. Latest YouGov tracker  
Lahur Sheikh Jangi, PUK:“I warned them, this referendum is fault and we will give away a lot.”But what did he say before?“We are with the referendum with blood and soul, for the independence of Kurdistan.”His motto: Keep lying until people believe you. Your days are counted.  
It was the ‘Indy march’ that was truly bizarre. What was the point of it? There’s no referendum in prospect, and support for separatism is waning. 
If you are able to vote in the Irish referendum on Friday 25th May please vote yet and give women back the right to make decisions about their own bodies rather than people with views like this....#trustwomen #repealthe8th  .... 
More Brexit nonsense from Boris today.Brexit will cost us money, not save us money. If we #StopBrexit, there’s more for the NHS.And leaving the world’s biggest free trade zone, which we helped create, harms trade and makes us all worse off.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #Remain. 
Khm.... "free and fair referendum" huh? Did I miss a thing where we were allowed a vote? And the Brits on the Continent? 
You need Customs Union and Single Market to solve the Irish border problem, do your homework.LeaveEU cheated, and Vote Leave and BeLeave will shortly be shown to have done so.Refusing a properly regulated referendum will leave the country divided as never before.  
The nation echoes this warning from the Tory grassroots.No more concessions, no more compromises!No customs union, no customs partnership!If #Brexit means Brexit, dear Prime Minister,Please get on with it!  
I see the DUP’s key consensus builder is at it again! Expecting the British Govt to stick to an agreement is not “Brit bashing” #brexit  
There is a #Brexit crisis coming. #HMG seem unable to live up to the commitments it  gave in December & March. Must think the #EU will blink. Will not happen so best have crisis in June rather than October when it is too late. 
Sorry @JennyChapman - this isn't good enough. #Brexit will hit hardest those who have least. It will deepen division and damage communities. @UKLabour can and must do better. A #PeoplesVote is what the majority of our members want and what the country needs. 
Grassroots Tories warn Theresa May the Conservative party 'will not be trusted for a generation' if she 'fudges' Brexit  
_”There was just too much uncertainty about Brexit to include British companies in the group,”  
Dear Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer if only you had answered the question  & said "there aren't any" instead of the usual vacuous 'respecting the vote' nonsense. Respect the best interests of our country, be honest & state clearly that Brexit is not in the best interests of our country  
.@Cornwall4EU were out in #Wadebridge yesterday asking people what they thought of the #Brexit process so far and if they'd like to see a #PeoplesVote on any final deal.The response was pretty striking, as shown on their #Brexitometer.#Cornwall 
Great to see widespread student backing for @peoplesvote_uk. I’m sorry to say that politicians are making a total mess of Brexit - and it will be future generations that pay the heaviest price for that failure.  
Brexit was NOT all about immigration: Remainers WRONGLY stereotyped Brexiteers as RACISTS  
As we debate Brexit look what China has just built- their first of a series of domestically built carriers.A formidable display of power with reach far beyond its borders- symbolic of its intentions to expand its influence abroad.  
The Powellite view of Brexit: bleakly pessimistic, devoid of remedies, scornful of elected ministers & foreigners - except, God help us, upmarket “individualist” & cult hoaxer, Ayn Rand, who denounced welfare ( but also  took it)  
1. The referendum was bought by suspected criminals2. Brexit usurps our sovereign Parliament3. An open border in Ireland would by fine by you4. ERG fantasy "instructions of the people" change day to day5. The PM sets out nothing but vague and impossible aspirations  
And as for those who actually use the Brexit mess the EU's dealing with, in order to criticise the EU.... 
Students plan summer of defiance in push for ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit  
Hard Brexit confirmed.  
A wee boy just ran over me and shouted "Hey, Border, Brexit's wick, isn't it?" 
Sorry @Keir_Starmer but ploughing on with something that you know will damage the country just because of a tiny majority in a referendum smacks of weakness and a lack of conviction. Have the courage to do the right thing. #StopBrexit 
The LDs first leaflet goes out in Lewisham and its attacking LAB on Brexit.  
The brexit many voted for - exact same benefits, more money for the NHS - is not achievable. It’s time to stop  making promises you know you can’t keep. Do the best you can, be honest about it, then let us vote on the deal. #fbpe #peoplesvote 
Truly hoping that when this referendum is over that I won’t have to listen to all sorts of people talking about “helping women”..  the only thing that we ask is that society allows us to take care of ourselves. After that, you’re grand thanks.  #marian 
37% (not enough for a public sector strike) of a rigged electorate in an advisory referendum mis-sold as mandatory for a vacuous 4 word slogan, narrowly won by electoral chicanery and a torrent of tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press hate & lies.A mandate for chaos!#StopBrexit 
“I remember these discussions boring for hour after hour, day after day, week after week, during the referendum campaign”, says @JuliaHB1 in response to the idea that the Customs Union was not adequately discussed before the vote. I wonder if she could point me to some sources. 
Leaving aside the condescension in your reply, yes, feel free to explain to me how a narrowly-won advisory referendum with a gerrymandered franchise, based on false promises, lies, racism and corrupt dark money 'works'.And neither Leave party got a mandate in the last election. 
As chair of @LabourStudents @Melantha___ says;‘Students want the Labour party’s policy to reflect their views and that means having a proper debate & vote in Brexit at Labour Party Conference this year.’#PeoplesVote #FFS #LabourSay 
Hard Brexit is holding Britain to ransom.  And it didn’t need to be this way.  Time for change of course before it is too late.  
Strong words from @C_Stihler_MEP on the EEA vote"If we let the Prime Minister win; if we are willing to sacrifice so many workers; we don't deserve to call ourselves the Labour Party"Labour must vote May's hard Brexit off the table. Failure to do so would see us complicit.  
Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a second vote, says Peter Mandelson  
What Brexit did they vote for exactly?  
Isn’t it about time you retired @jeremycorbyn, given you seemingly want to really damage the working classes with your disgusting stance on Brexit?That’s not what a Labour leader should be doing. Disgraceful. 
I have a big summer plan too. Still working on it ... and I hope I’ll be able to make it work ... So watch this space. For now all power to you, students!  Students plan summer of defiance in push for ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit  
David Miliband is making a political comeback to prevent a hard Brexit  
Lib Dem Peers are leading the fight against Brexit in the House of Lords. Catch up on the latest developments here, as we fight to give YOU the final say on any Brexit deal 
“You can’t be a little bit pregnant”...Watch as Julia Hartley Brewer slams Theresa May’s “abject failure” leadership over Brexit and urges her to stop trying to please all sides - we’re either leaving the EU or we’re not.  Damn right.  
Why do the big Brexit voices keep saying "the EU will collapse"?Because they can't afford for people to imagine that we just voted to turn an economy 6 times our GDP and population, into a local competitor just 21 miles off our shores. 
22 months from the Brexit vote Labour remains pro-having cake, and pro-eating it.  
This chunk was too late to make the piece. But  Facebook’s ‘$1’ totally misleading. They claim they were referring to the ‘regulated’ short period before referendum only. @DamianCollins & others on DCMS Committee rightly frustrated. 
If House of Commons had done some due dilugence before 17th December 2015 we wouldn't even have had a referendum. As it is they've all but destroyed parliamentary democracy and leaving the EU won't get it back. 
I don't want Parliament to simply vote down the deal (without passing it back to the People).That would be wrong.I don't want a Brexit referendum now (before we can see the deal).That would be the same chaos we saw in 2016.Nobody should want these things. 
BREAKING: Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Michael Gove tells UK farmers meat - especially gammon face, porkies and tripe - essential to success of Brexit. More soon ... 
MPs say Facebook has misled  Parliament. Again. It told MPs only $1 of Russian ads in UK. But @d1gi has now found nearly £1,000 worth. This is ads paid for in roubles inciting hate for refugees & immigrants in months before Brexit.  
Honestly some of you on here make 0.00% sense. Do you not know your own mum is going to be a mother-in-law too for you to be on here everyday talking trash about your husband's mum? Like I know Brexit has made prices go up but brain cells are still free, yes, 100% free. 
WATCH | Honestly, who does Ken Clarke think he's kidding? Manifesto commitments and the referendum cannot just be ignored. The 17.4m, along with voters at the general election knew EXACTLY what they were voting for.   
These are definitely not giant buttons. #brexit?  
But David (since we seem to be on first name terms), I and the 3.7 million of us EU citizens are those most affected by your vote for Brexit. So I think I’m more than qualified to speak. And I will continue to do so, no matter how many of you tell me that I shouldn’t.  
I won't be helping @theresa_may with Brexit. @theresa_may and her cabinet's incompetent mishandling of Brexit is a clear and present danger to our national interest. My #MayPledge is to seek and take every opportunity to #StopBrexit and to support similar actions  by others. 
IDS honest and consistent as ever on #bbcsp. Asked about BoJo describing customs plan as crazy: “I think we should step back from emotive language.” Asked about Tory MPs voting against hard #Brexit: “They literally plunge a knife into the heart of gov’t and the Prime Minister.” 
The cheapest version of Brexit (govt figures) is £615m a week.That's 12x more than remaining. It's £88 per household per month. If you're on average wage, it's the same as a 13% tax increase.The PM isn't lying to Remainers. She's lying to Leavers.Please don't be duped.  
120 student union reps attend a meeting. The Guardian gauges that as being 1 million people taking a decision to oppose something.One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
Scott Clissold on the Conservatives, Brexit and Eurovision - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I will not believe what May says about Brexit until she removes Remainers from her cabinet and Remainer Bureaucrats from the negotiating team. 
And now the PM is making an appeal for the support of the British people in delivering the Brexit that they voted for. The problem is that no one, including the Cabinet, can agree on what was voted for. The whole thing is fundamentally flawed.  @brexit_sham 
There is no long game. There never has been, never will be. Corbyn wants Brexit’s he’s always wanted Brexit.The fact that you still think that there’s a long game speaks volumes about your gullibility.#StopBrexit 
A brief history of #BrexitFrom"We'll be better off than we are now"to"There's no downside"to"There will be bumps along the way"to"It won't be a Mad Max dystopia"to"Your next 10yrs are irrelevant: there will be a benefit in 45yrs"Shouldn't our next move be #StopBrexit? 
Facebook, Google to block ads leading up to the Ireland abortion referendum  
"The Brexit people voted for"  
Blimey! Just heard Sarah Smith @daily_politics call Julia Hartley-brewer an 'Expert'!!Glad I was sitting down at the time.Binding #FinalSay in the Autumn with a #StopBrexit option to Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to #Brexit or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain 
On PM phrase “the Brexit people voted for”:key committee split on 2 ways both deemed acceptable with significant ramifications for whole industries & Ireland..decision could be settled by Rudd getting Windrush facts wrong.& yet Parliament expected to just follow Govt view? 
The whole invention of ‘soft’ and ‘hard’ Brexit is a tactic by Remoaners & MSM to prolong campaign to stop Brexit along with lie that we didn’t know what we were voting for.  
Lexiters, face the world as it is, not as you wish it were. 9 of the 11 **most equal countries in the world** are in the EU and the 10th (Norway) is in the single market. Important #Brexit reading from @NickCohen4  
Memo to Theresa May: How can we trust you to deliver Brexit when your preferred customs deal leaves us EU members in all but name? 
Translation: 'The path I set out here follows the contour line of an irreconcilable divide between opposing factions in my party. You didn't vote for a specific flavour of Brexit so I can deliver anything I want and claim I've fulfilled a meaningless pledge.'  
“I am one of those who, on the day Mrs May announces Brexit is final, will start dreaming about a future in which the Briitsh come home.”  
As @Jon_Danzig writes, 'We now know more about #Brexit than we knew before. And in a few months time, we will know much more, including details of the final Brexit deal. That’s why there needs to be a new vote on Brexit. The #PeoplesVote.' Please RT. 
Tired of narrative that all young people want to stop Brexit. Young working class voted 45% leave. 80% of under 25s voted for a pro Brexit party at the 2017 election. Only a fringe group (mostly in London) pushing for a 2nd referendum. 
The referendum campaign was asymmetric warfare, in which Remain had to defend 40+ years of EU membership, while Leave was able to mount constant attacks and defend nothing. They couldn't get away with that in a 2nd referendum -- hence their desire to avoid one 
Please specify by reference to concrete examples precisely what 'help' any of us could possibly provide to prevent Brexit damaging this country?   I mean real specific examples - not airy fairy 'backing the UK' bullshit.  p.s. please do not say help squaring the circle.  
Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer is stumped when asked to name any potential benefits of Brexit #Marr 
I'm going to making a wee appearance on the BBC Sunday Politics show shortly to chat about the Brexit power grab and more. Tune in, if you like. 
My first big piece for the Observer, mum's alma mater: Ireland’s abortion referendum: ‘It’s painful and it’s personal’  
Considering that people didn't know what they were voting for, should we be given a vote on the final terms of the Brexit deal?#marr #SundayMorning  #bbctbq 
"1 million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal." Quite a headline, but story is a little less dramatic and a lot more predictable: it's actually 120 student officers who 'represent' nearly a million students. 
A failure to deliver Brexit will cost the Tory party dearly. The Great British Public will not accept anything but a clean break from the EU! 
No, @theresa_may - there is no “the Brexit people voted for”:- only 26% of people voted for Brexit- the Leave campaign sold them a pack of lies- the Electoral Commission has found cheating- it’s a total mess.Just call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain. 
Brexonomist Minford says #Brexit will "mostly eliminate manufacturing"Brexonomist Lilico says next 10yrs bad & no #Benefit benefits for 45yrsBrexiter Dan Hannan says #Brexit isn't turning out wellIsn't it time to listen to those who called #Brexit right all along? #StopBrexit 
In a free and fair referendum the people of the U.K. voted to leave the EU. To take back control of our laws, our money and our borders . The PM @theresa_may sets out how the @Conservatives Government will deliver on the instructions of the people  #Brexit  
If this is correct this loophole needs to be closed for all migrants ASAP so they have the same rights as all UK workers Home Office rules mean immigrants can't go on strike without risking deportation. Post-Brexit, this will include EU workers  
Brexit is a major historical event. It will be covered in political science and other courses for decades.And so the vainer ministers in this government should remember they’re about to enter the history books as a case study in mind-shattering incompetence. 
SANE PLAN: before triggering Article 50, the government agrees what kind of Brexit it wants, tests the outline with the EU to check it’s feasible, and gets parliamentary approval.REALITY: with 10 months left on the clock to agree *and ratify* a deal, none of that’s been done. 
Rubbish, Kinnock doesn't speak for me.Corbyn hammered May this week over the need for a customs union, how is that promoting a hard Brexit. #Marr  #bbcsp 
“The British people voted for economic suicide and that’s exactly what they’re getting” @michaelgove on #brexit progress  
Yay! Theresa May will deliver the Brexit people voted for. Which is one which is about immigration but also not about immigration and which won't make us poorer but can also make us poorer, that’s fine, and which leaves the Customs Union/single market but also stays in them.  
My recent interview with @SODEMAction outside of Parliament on - Why we must not give up the fight against #Brexit.RT if you agree.  
Emily Thornberry on #5live : if Labour were in power, they'd force the EU to give to the UK the benefits of Single Market + Customs Union membership without being member of either.And Brexit is irrevocable.Labour are just as cakeist as the Tories. 
One of strangest Brexit fixations is"take back control of our money"1. EU budget decided by unanimity, the UK has veto;2. UK net contribution about 1.2% gov spending (minus rebate, spend in UK) 3. Compare that to gov's own analysis of Brexit costs. 
#Marr@bbcnickrobinson if you are going to allow Gove to repeat "take back control", "billions on NHS", "control immigration" and other #Brexit clichés completely unchallenged you may as well just replay any Gove interview from 2 years ago and save the licencepayer some money 
I’ve been quoted in the Observer this morning, calling for a vote on Brexit at Labour Party conference. Have a read  
"Hard-Brexit" is a fiction deployed by those who want No-Brexit. should ask Nicky Morgan if she intends to resign her seat & re-stand on a No-Brexit platform, having campaigned in #GE2017 on the Tory manifesto pledging to leave both CU & SM. 
Snake In The Grass... The hypocrisy of this fraud  is truly nauseating. #Brexit #Marr 
Theresa May has been lying again:She says the billions we send to Brussels will be freed up for domestic priorities. This is a lie. The #Brexit slowdown has already lost the government far more money & it has only just begun. #LeaveLies #StopBrexit 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may. You'll get no help or support from me. People voted for many reasons, what they wanted was unclear, just as the government has no idea what kind of Brexit they want. As Prime Minister the burden of responsibility is on you, you've massively let us down.  
Michael Gove on #Marr: “The Prime Minister has delivered a clear flight path to #Brexit.” Mhm  
"The prime minister is delivering exactly what the 17.4m people voted for" - @michaelgove on #Brexit progress  
If you won $10K today, how would you use the money? #10KSweepstakes #BeyondFast 
The headline says “1 million students”.  The reality is that it was a resolution of just 120 left wing student activist leaders. The Observer is now the leading fake news outlet in Britain.  An endless conveyor belt of pathetic anti-Brexit drivel.   
David Miliband should be flying into Britain to answer questions on extraordinary rendition. Not to pontificate on Brexit in the Mail on Sunday. If the #FBPE brigade are relying on David Miliband, Nick Clegg and Nicky Morgan to stop Brexit, they're fucked. #marr  #bbcsp 
Do you think there should be a public vote / referendum on the final Brexit deal? 
.@bbcnickrobinson: Brexit will be good for Britain because?@Keir_Starmer: It is very difficult to complete that sentence because I voted to remain and I wanted to remain. #marr 
It’s time to start telling the truth about immigration and Brexit, Boris.You’ll simply be replacing EU workers who have rights and protections with with non-EU workers who will have little / no rights and protections.Where will that leave British workers and Leave voters?  
Michael Gove just referred to Simon Coveney as ‘Irish deputy foreign minister’ and then went on to talk about the importance of attention to detail. #bbcsp #Brexit 
Starter for ten: what exactly is the Brexit people voted for? Could someone clarify please. Just a broad brush stroke outline...  
Brexit won’t create “Global Britain” but a diminished, poorer one, @NickyMorgan01 @nick_clegg and @DMiliband write for @MailOnline 
Bored of Keir Starmer hinting at stuff Labour might do on Brexit - policy discerned by ouija board - which was part of the con of GE2017. 
When any of our politicians begin a  Brexit-related sentence with the words 'Let me be absolutely clear...', it's absolutely clear that the one thing they're not about to be is absolutely clear.  #marr 
Nick Robinson - #Brexit will be good for Britain because?Keir Starmer - Well it's very difficult for me to complete that sentence... Nick Robinson - Well why don't you oppose it properly?#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr #bbcsp  #PeoplesVote 
Are we supposed to be supporting the Brexit that is tainted by breach of electoral laws, will make us worse off, the one where @theresa_may decided unilaterally what the redlines are, the one that drives thousands of nurses from the NHS & threatens peace in Ireland? That one? 
PM @theresa_may is absolutely right to say once again that Brexit must see us take back control of our borders, laws, and money - so more can go to the NHS - with our own international trade policy and free trade deals. 
V good column by @andrewrawnsley about U.K. constitutional absurdity and Brexit, and how Rees-Mogg, Jenkin, Cash et al blocked Lords reform under Cameron & now blast Lords on Brexit  
The Observer: One million students call for a vote on the Brexit deal.They are right. The first EU referendum was an advisory vote based on no details.We need a second EU referendum on the actual details. Failure to do so would be a failure of democracy.#Brexit #peoplesvote 
A reminder how inflexible our EU "friends" are. We have a common travel area with ROI just like between Switzerland and EU. They have a near seamless border. But these bullies want to weaponise the non issue of the Irish border instead of discussing a FTA #Marr #Brexit #Ireland 
It’s hard to find two people who voted for the same Brexit, let alone 17 million. This is beyond bonkers.  
Ireland’s abortion referendum: ‘It’s painful and it’s personal’  
So David Miliband launches his return to politics by going against the referendum 52%, the election results and local election leaning.  It just shows once an idiot, always an idiot. He will fit in nicely with Labour. 
The vast majority of MPS,  the majority of the Lords, the City, Eocomists and Big businesses recognise that the PM is making a complete shambles of #Brexit. So why is she still being allowed to steer the good ship UK straight into the iceberg? 
Fake News: Guardian headline claims one million students are calling for another vote on Brexit. The reality is that it was just 120 student union reps.  
2.4 million UK workers from the EU will lose the right to strike if UK Brexit. They become “immigrants” so trade unions are weakened and all workers’ rights are squeezed. Support #PeoplesVote on the Deal @Manuel_TSSA @jeremycorbyn 
How quickly we’d go off Brexit if everyone had in their homes a till display that showed how much this policy was costing us every minute. 
The electoral commission are still investigating Michael Gove's Vote Leave group. They illegally funnelled large sums of money to Darren Grimes,who ran youth Brexit group BeLeave, so the cash could be passed to a Canadian big data firm! #DodgyAsHell #Marr #Robinson  #Ridge 
As an elected student representative I am so proud to ha e signed this letter. Young people and all people deserve a vote on the brexit deal.. & also remember that leave was won on lies  @FFSake_ #peoplesvote #ffs 
Which brexit did the people vote for exactly? You will not get my support to make the country economically, politically, socially and diplomatically poorer. You will have to do that all by yourself. #FinalSayForAll #CountryB4Party 
Which Brexit is that then? All 17 million did not vote for leaving Single Market or Customs Union, & you've never given a thought to those of us that voted to Remain. And you have the nerve to ask for our trust!  
There is no value or virtue in watching BBC political output. It is a stream of bias and anti-Brexit narrative. Ignore. 
Keir Starmer writes that any Brexit deal involving "new trade barriers" would be unacceptable. On that basis, it's impossible for Labour to vote for the deal.  
My sense is it’s starting to dawn on people who voted for Brexit - often when they visit a hospital - how much this madness is costing them 
#Marr The #Brexiters parroting their line of “taking back control of our money, borders, laws and trade” are sounding a bit tired. In fact, #Brexit means LESS control of all of them:  
Your Brexit is *not* the Brexit the majority of the people voted for. If you want support, earn it in a #PeoplesVote rather than imposing your divisive and damaging version on us and letting us all down as badly as it’s possible to do so. 
Someone from Taxpayers Alliance claiming on Marr Show  that Brexit will create “huge opportunity” to lower food prices by 17%. When will this old lie die? Even The Sun has acknowledged that it is totally untrue. 
This is a ridiculous headline. Regardless of your stance on Brexit, 100+ delegates from the NUS and student unions do not speak for 1 million students. Elections for student unions barely reach 20% turnout.  
Spot on by Brendan O'Neill at @spectator.Should be public uproar, or protest, at how the unelected House of Lords - "drunk with their own (Remainer) prejudices" is out of control.An abolition referendum can't come soon enough.Keep signing the petition 
NO: EU big wigs 'want to extend Brexit transition period by 6 months'.This smacks of a desperate bid to postpone Brexit in the hope the UK will stay. Deluded. 
PM sets out 3 Brexit “tests” ahead of Cabinet Customs crunch: 1. protect Union/ no hard border with Ireland 2. “As little friction as possible” in trade for “integrated supply chains” ie car3. “Must not constrain” free trade deals with other countries 
Extraordinary that anyone, let alone the British PM, is still claiming that: "Brexit means there will be billions of pounds that we used to send to Brussels which we will now be able to spend on domestic priorities, including our National Health Service."  
Two rules when dealing with Conservative MPs over Brexit. 1. Never trust a Tory 2. Never forget rule 1.  
I'm the last financial year, just 6 government departments have  spent £346 million on Brexit. Alternatively, they could've funded 2,403 nurses, almost 3,000 police officers and 2,357 figherfighters. #Marr 
We were lied to about the EU since the beginning, and we are still being lied to now. UKIP told the truth about the EU, and we are telling it now. The Establishment is betraying Brexit. If you don’t want that, join and vote UKIP.   
It’s what some voted for and, of course, it was only a referendum which was non-binding and advisory.  Not sure anyone voted to be poorer.  
Brexit is a bit like trading in your old car for a new car, only to discover that you've just paid a fortune to buy an unreliable car that was made 45 years ago and breaks down as soon as you drive it away from the car dealers.  
After the Brexit Referendum - in his bid to become Prime Minister - Michael Gove paid a Cambridge Analytica linked firm to help him win. It seems that no amount of big data could make him popular enough... #Marr #Robinson  #Ridge 
The #DeepState are trying to bring down @realDonaldTrump & #BrexitWe can't let them win.Our democracy is under threat from the powerful & wealthy, who think they know better than us plebs. 
So no, @theresa_may: you will not get my help, you will not get my support “to get there”.  But you get my #MayPledge: I will do all I can to #stopBrexit. Because that Brexit future you are enabling simply is not good enough. 6/  
You continue to lie, and still promise cakes that don’t exist. It’s irresponsible and inexcusable. Take this e.g.: UK always had control. It chose not to exert it. And because of that you’ve now made millions of us @The3Million & @BritishInEurope collateral in Brexit. 2/  
People didn’t vote for a specific Brexit and they certainly didn’t vote for the monumental act of self-harm you are setting out here. And let’s be clear: every single thing you have done since taking office has let people down. Has let the country down. 1/  
That’s not true. It was an ADVISORY referendum with no legal status. 
Can you name one benefit of Brexit yet Mrs May?   You were pretty confident that it was madness to leave until the carrot was dangled in front of you.  #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
Senior Brexiteers throw their weight behind Theresa May's intervention in the Sunday Times as she explicitly restates her commitment to delivering a full Brexit that takes back control of the UK's money, laws, borders, fisheries and trade  
“Since the referendum Brexit has been driven by politics not economics, and now economics is fighting back and winning the argument. That’s why the Brexiteers are so desperate,” #fbpe #peoplesvote 
I, along with the other 48%, did not vote for #Brexit - so my pledge to you is simple.  I will do everything to destroy your plans for your Brexit.Btw - that 48% is now 60%.  And that 60% will ensure you and the #Tories are never in government for a generation. 
“It is crucial to the Leave cause that it resist the temptation to set out a plan... It is a campaign in a referendum, not a party bidding for office.” Charles Moore 24.4.16. And from this cynical & irresponsible (but effective) tactic all our present problems flow  
You changed you mind - so have the people. The UK is a democracy not a totalitarian state. The majority don’t want brexit & that maj increasing daily.  Even leavers think it’s too high a price to pay. #stopbrexit 
Theresa May has been sent a stark warning by Tory activists that the Conservative party “will not be trusted for a generation” if she fails in the #Brexit negotiations.  
Stop it!Stop this #BrexitShambles farce NOW!You KNOW Brexit will damage Britain.You are a true traitor because you are KNOWINGLY DAMAGING THE UK simply to cling on to your job.Shame on you!#StopBrexit#StopTheLies 
Clear, cogent and compelling affirmation by the PM of Britain’s Brexit objectives in Sunday Times - including taking back control of our laws, borders and money, whilst leaving the CU and pursuing an independent trade policy. Spot on.  
By pursuing any Brexit at all you are letting down the country. You are in office to do no harm. We will categorically not get such good deals as we already have in the EU. We know from studies that no model of Brexit at all will benefit us. Cancel article 50 now. And resign. 
If you would really like my "Help and Support", Theresa, I would say, - 'Let's Remain, and spend the £100 Billion Cost of 'brexit' on the NHS, instead ... ! 
You have let us down. You will let us down again. And again. You don't know what "the Brexit people voted for" is because they dont; no one does. You are out of your depth and your meaningless generalities can't help any of us.  
The people had NO idea what Brexit they were voting for, as the terms & conditions of any exit were not explained nor voted on. They still not clear. A final vote is the only way to find out if what you’re negotiating is what we want.#PeoplesVote 
Reading about the supposedly pragmatic long-game strategy of Labour over Brexit, the arguments look very much like they started with Corbyn's position and then reverse-engineered reasons to support it. 
Simon here voted leave as a protest against some of the bits of the EU he didnt like as he thought #Remain would win anyway. He now sees the harm the #brexit is causing & what it’s unleashed and is quite clearly a #remainernow#peoplesvote@TheNewEuropean 
Corbyn's not a hypocrite:Except when he says he's a Remainer and then forces his MPs to vote with the Tories Brexit.Except when he says he will listen to his party members and then ignores their concerns about Brexit.  
Whatever your point of view we should all celebrate the fact that young people are now engaging and trying to influence their future - Brexit is all about the future - their future - listen to them  
"In 2017 only 17 out of the top 50 markets for British goods were EU member states" - Exclusive #Brexit analysis of latest ONS figures, read summary:  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Let us see if the Sunday media mention our magnificent petition by the people to abolish the House of Lords & send its occupants on their way. It is  163,000 SIGNATURES  
Off to London because girls just want to have fun(damental) rights—and Brexit is threatening them. Delighted to be speaking alongside many other great female voices, incl @JMPSimor @albawhitewolf @eloisetodd @Elenauk and @Women_4_Europe I hope you’ll join us! #WomenAgainstBrexit 
It’s unacceptable Govt still hasn’t settled on #Brexit that puts economy first. PM must stop appeasing v small no. of #HardBrexit MPs & instead build on x party support for a responsible #Brexit @NickyMorgan01 @DMiliband @nick_clegg  via @MailOnline 
Great article from the PM on the importance of delivering Brexit and taking back control of our borders, money and laws  
Brexit truly was the final nail in the coffin in terms of how much Europe hates the UK  
The path I set out here is the path to deliver the Brexit people voted for. I will need your help and support to get there. And in return my pledge to you is simple: I will not let you down.  
More Fake News  Guardian "One million students call for Brexit vote". It was 120 student activists. Guardian as bad as BBC. 
So Theresa May has just stated to Pro Brexit supporters that she will deliver the Brexit that was voted for This makes me laugh because they can’t deliver:1. 350£million per week for the NHS for a start. please feel free to add others she has failed to deliver 
Three failed politicians (of the worst sort) say Britain must resist a Hard Brexit...jog on  @MailOnline 
This is a lie, of course. 140 student representatives are calling for it. The Guardian extrapolates this so that every student they represent is now calling for a vote on the Brexit deal.Look forward to seeing these million students out on the streets.  
Racism has become more acceptable in the UK since Brexit, UN warns  
I have documented over 112,000 job losses already from Brexit. See  for a full breakdown by sector and region. 
Theresa May urges public to 'trust me' to deliver Brexit amid increasingly bitter cabinet rows  The time for WORDS is over PM May, now is the time for ACTION this day. 
1. They'll not win the next GE2. This is desperate stuff3. You've lost another customer4. Have a word with yourselves5. England doesn't want Federalism6. When is Gordon Brown making an appearance?7. When are you actually going to report the damage Brexit will do to Scots?  
Opponents of Brexit and Trump cannnot afford the luxury of waffling - Me in the Observer  
Stop lying @HackneyAbbott just stop lying. There's no such thing as a jobs Brexit. Brexit will mean unemployment there's no escaping that fact. You and @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer need to learn basic economics & trade facts. #stopbrexit. We will blame @uklabour , @Conservatives 
The stupidity of Brexit summed up in one facile tweet. 
#Poll After #Brexit do you expect to be better  or worst off than you are now ?#EuropeanUnion #EU #UK #UnitedKingdom #Scotland #NorthernIreland #Wales #Gibraltar #Expats #Students #London #Yorkshire #Manchester #Leeds #Cornwall #Cumbria #Birmingham #Burnley #Barnsley #Boston 
The seismic and far-reaching consequences of Brexit: Powerful stuff by @andrewrawnsley 
Even civil servants are now telling Theresa May that her 'UK-EU customs partnership' idea won't work. The people voted for a full, clean Brexit - it will be treacherous to waste any more time, and not deliver what the nation voted for.  
UK #eurovision entry, disrupted by outside influence - offered a second chance.UK Brexit vote, disrupted by outside influence - no second chance.#FinalSayForAll#PeoplesVote 
David Miliband joins Nick Clegg and Nicky Morgan in call for soft Brexit  
The politicians may be in chaos but Britain's ports are already READY FOR BREXIT  
.@AmbJohnBolton has long sympathized with Kurdish political aspirations. “I think the Kurdish people have been without a voice for far too long,” he told Kurdistan 24 shortly before last September’s independence referendum. @WHNSC @MPPregent @Kredo0 
Brexit: our incapable politicians - with our food supplies on the brink, and with just six weeks to go before the June Council, Booker writes that  most of our politicians still seem incapable of recognising even that a problem exists...  #Brexinfo. 
The voice of Reason, the voice of Democracy...there's no good reason to deny the Ppl a Binding #FinalSay, a #PeoplesVote in the Autumn with a #StopBrexit option to Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to #Brexit or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain#FinalSayForAll. 
Alright, whilst you're all here, this is how we get out of this mess. Ditch the monarchy, build council houses for people, ditch the lords, elect a second chamber, have another referendum on EU membership (which racists wont win this time), and reverse brexit. & 
“Amid all the noisy debate and technical discussions about our departure from the European Union, I want to take this opportunity to remind the British public of my mission in the negotiations. You can trust me to deliver” - @Theresa_May #Brexit  
I am committed to talking up my country and talking down Brexit every day until Brexit is just a bad memory. 
One million of us are saying it’s time for young people’s voices, and the voices of everyone, to be heard at the end of Brexit negotiations through a #PeoplesVote - find out why in The Observer. @FFSake_ #ffs 
A voice of bitter, victim-mentality truculence posing as strength of character. Exemplifying the worst insular animosity of Brexit ... personal self-esteem issues displaced & worked up into a pseudo-righteous, chip-on-both-shoulders, irrational & small-minded national Cause. pic.twitter.com/29evJAc8SA 
SUPPORT BIAFRA REFERENDUM #FREE BIAFRA FROM NIGERIA.  THE WORLD MUST PREVAIL ON NIGERIA TO STOP KILLING, BUTCHERING AND MASSACARING BIAFRANS. #FREEDOM FOR BIAFRA 
One million students have not called for a 2nd referendum - only a handful of student leaders have.  
BREXIT OUTRAGE: EU regulation that will COST UK £1BN to be IMPOSED 'after we have left' .Just ignore EU, what can they do?  
One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
Under the banner of "Love Both Vote No", people crowded into Dublin for a final major pro-life rally ahead of Ireland's referendum on whether to liberalize its tight abortion laws  
Brexit the reason why Jamie Oliver’s Restaurants are closingOr is it because Jamie sells his meals at inflated pricesGrow a pair you drongo.  
“And gentlemen in England now-a-bedShall think themselves accurs'd they were not here,”#ShakespeareSunday“..student unions – representing 980,000 students ...– are writing to MPs in their areas this weekend”-@Observer#FinalSayForAll -#Brexit 
A UN envoy says the UK has become more racist since the Brexit vote. @MatthewStadlen asks: Have you experienced a shift in attitudes in the UK? 
Excellent initiative: the next generation asking for a say on #Brexit deal.  
Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a new vote, says Peter Mandelson.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
NO NO NO NO NO #5timesNONo majority wants a No Deal BrexitNo majority wants a Hard Tory BrexitNo majority wants a Soft Tory BrexitNo majority wants a Labour BrexitNo majority wants this Government to pursue any other Brexit than their Brexit#StopBrexit now!#BrexitWasBrexit 
Here is #remainernow Will sharing a really important article about a huge move by 1 million students calling for a #PeoplesVote Just like so many leave voters who are #remainernow, these people, who will have to live with #Brexit ramifications the longest, deserve a #FinalSay  
You can Brexit or not, but there's no escape from beauty and poetry.  
Israel's @NettaBrielle's fun pop wins @Eurovision, UK's @surieofficial survives stage invasion. After years of looking doomed w voting blocs, bad songs and falling audiences it may have been saved by public voting. Is there a case for Brexit here though?   
There's that impeccable brexit logic again for you   
Student organisations representing almost a million young people studying at UK universities & colleges are today joining forces to demand a Referendum on final Brexit deal 'as leaving the EU will have a disastrous effect on their future prospects'  
Right #Eurovision is now over.Has someone kept a note of the points allocated to the UK by others?This is how we will prioritise who gets to trade with us post-#Brexit. 
So a TUC march for higher wages gets MSM coverage.Didn’t look like a massive turnout.Who do these fuckwits think they are fooling.Then the Zambian female Professor eho has been in the U.K.A week talks about Racism and Brexit.Sick to death of the liars and deceivers 
Decision made. We won't be backing any @UKLabour candidate for #LewishamEast the reason being that Labour's NEC have taken the selection process off the local party purely to elect a @PeoplesMomentum stooge who won't dare to question Dear Leader's  Brexit fantasy. 
#Eurovision I know EU is desperate for support post Brexit but Australia in Eurovision! Really?  
Did I miss @BBCNews reporting the announcement that 1,000,000 plus students’ have called for a ‘people’s’ vote on the Brexit deal? I hope so, otherwise #BBC have hit a new low by ignoring young people’s aspirations for a say in their future.@BBCPolitics 
Meghan Markle is highly visible proof of the exact opposite of the Brexit spirit  
so it was FASCINATING - one of the more junior Leave flunkies admitted that Brexit wasn't working out as he had thought and that he was struggling to see the benefits. Grilled him long and hard and he couldn't give me a single tangible gain, it was all the usual anti EU crap 
One *million* young people join the call for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit.Give the future the chance to decide their future. 
Must say I find it strange that during these events we always find time to criticise Russia's human rights record but are able to ignore any political misdemeanours when it comes to Israel. People don't vote for UK because of brexit but Israel is fine? #EUROVISION 
Actually worried about the referendum after the Eurovision result. Democracy is failing us 
Sound people of Ireland: ah yes a lovely night off from the referendum, don't have to think about anything unpleasant and I can just recharge.Israel:  
I can see why UK voted for Brexit, you lot votes for a friggin chicken plucker as the winner of #Eurovision #esc2018 
Brexit, Trump, Eurovision...We’re only one horseman away from the apocalypse guys 
Herein Lies the differience of opinion between remain and leave, how will the UK be post Brexit. 
Yes, however, Sneider is a former skinhead leader who was involved in violent activities against Gypsies in the ‘90s. And his ‘running mate’&deputy chairman is Márton Gyöngyösi, who went to Crimea in 2014 to legitimize the fake referendum. Still, they represent the moderate wing.  
Brexit, Trump and now #EUROVISION - just goes to show the general public cannot be trusted with voting for anything. EVER!  
But they'll be a referendum and we'll vote to leave. Then there'll be a transition period during which we can appear on stage but not actually sing. Then finally we'll stand outside the hall as buskers celebrating our freedom. And hoping for someone to give us some Euros. 
i can't believe europe is making me hear those damn chicken noises a second time. is this why brexit happened? #eurovision 
This thread  will resonate with so many leave voters who are #remainernow Surely with all these broken promises we must have a #peoplesvote once final #brexit deal is known?  
There was I thinking Brexit might work in our favour. 
Scathing to the point of 'ouch'...............“Jeremy Corbyn seems to think that the argument going on in the Labour Party about Brexit is a row about him..."Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a second vote, says Peter Mandelson  
Smart play by the UK - avoid having to actually organise Brexit by finishing in the #Eurovision bottom 3 and getting relegated from Europe instead. 
Me before watching Eurovision: Ireland is a vital partner to the UK, we must ensure a good working relationship post-Brexit.Me after watching Eurovision: Send in Arlene. 
One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal.Yep, they were soooooo like totally concerned about their future that on 23 June 2016 ............they were in the pub. 
imagine being a brit in big 2018, post-brexit—and post-literally almost every other thing in european history—and getting this riled up over eurovision wow, gaz, im flabbergasted 
UK: what bad consequences could the brexit possibly haveUK during Eurovision night:  
Liam Fox: "Britons Might Be Able To Keep Nipples After Brexit"  
As much as the thought of the entirety of Europe ganging up on the UK because of Brexit amuses me endlessly, the chances are that it’s a reflection of the fucking dreadful song that was entered. #Eurorvision 
Does Brexit mean we have to give #Eurovision up? Please..... 
Brexit minister turns down bet on UK leaving EU on 29 March 2019  
This needs to be shared widely and then they can forget the transition and all their other shananigans too because they're not needed if we have 10 years and we'd be properly out no ECJ following eu rules no anything  #Brexit #OutMeansOut 
We need to look further afield. Brexit will mean we will be free to gain extra votes from North Korea and Cuba #Eurovision 
So the UN send over a Zambian Professor over to the UKFor a weekAnd she comes up with Brexit and Austerity causing RacismIn our CountryI wonder if there is Austerity and Racism in ZambiaHow could anyone come to a country and in a week Come out with any such report.Bollocks 
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. WE VOTED TO LEAVE EUROPE AND THEN GAVE THEM A SONG LIKE DR. LEGG OFF EASTENDERS GETTING HARSH PUMPED BY A DALEK AND THEY STILL FUCKED US OFF. FUCK THEM. #BREXIT 
FINALLY! EU to INTERVENE in Spanish police 'BRUTALITY' in Catalan independence referendum  
Eurovision is just a clear representation of how much the rest of Europe hate the uk because of brexit and I’m living for it 
Ooh I see the UK is just pulling ahead of Ukraine. We can only hope to do the same post-Brexit. 
hmmm... maybe walking out on our neighbours does have an effect after all...#Brexit#Eurovison2018 #Eurovision #EurovisionUK 
Brexit has made us less European than Australia 
To be fair, they treated us like this before Brexit too. We have to just accept it. In or out, we’re cunts. 
So far it looks like we’ve got nailed-on post-Brexit trade deals with Latvia and Croatia  #Eurovision 
I told you Eurovision was the real cause of Brexit 
Brexit is on #Eurovision 
Those looking for Brexit metaphors should remember that they’ve given us f-all points for years 
Seeing English people tweet about Ireland not giving them any points (a 'betrayal') really reinforces the fact that England knows nothing about what it did to Ireland (and what Brexit is doing now) LOL 
OK not the burst of scoring we'd hoped for. In the top half of the table right now. 12th place as of this tweet. Let's take petty cynical solace in the fact that the Brexit gang have a measly 4 points!!! Love trumps hate etc! #eurovision 
This is what going to brexit does for you no points 
Are you a Brexit lunatic? Do you like Rees Mogg? Have you shat yourself? Can you explain why we - the UK - are last in Eurovision? 
I blame Brexit... #Eurovision 
Students plan summer of defiance in push for ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit  
BREXIT IS AMAZING, LONG LIVE THE UK AND#Eurovision 
People have speculated that Brexit will affect the UK vote at #Eurovision...but voting the UK down the leaderboards has been a popular hobby for a long time 
this contest is about putting aside our differences and just singing, in reality: fuck giving those brexit bitches any points  
I think we should have a referendum to see if we should pull out of the contest. 
no points from Ireland. hard border now, brexit means brexit 
Judging by this voting, it is going to be so easy to do those trade deals after Brexit, isn't it?  #Eurovision 
Did the Irish just vote for a hard Brexit? #Eurovision 
Continent full of weapons. Get the Brexit papers signed, the blue passports back and the borders closed 
Oi @theresa_may I wasn't *that* pissed about Brexit but the #Eurovision votes are coming in and we're losing to Israel AND THEY AREN'T EVEN IN EUROPE 
The idea that Britain is a small-minded, unwelcoming borderline racist little Brexit island is a comforting myth. Here are some more facts, which people will ignore.  
In all fairness who the hell would want anything to do with the UK after Brexit !!!!! Get the f!!k away from me will ya !!  #ESC2018 #Eurovision2018 
just witnessed a dozen British people scream at the top of their lungs because you guys got two points at Eurovision, sometimes Brexit metaphors are just too easy to come by 
uk: negative effects of the brexit 
Is this what they mean by a hard Brexit? 
It's not unpatriotic to point out that our Brexit negotiations are going badly. It's hugely unpatriotic pretending they're going well. 
“brexit means brexit” #eurovision 
Blimey, everyone really does hate the U.K.Brexit *cough* #Eurovision 
Nil points = Brexit revenge #eurovision 
WHAT DID THE BRITS JUST GIVE US?! 800 years AND BREXIT? The cheek!! 
I’m not in favour of Brexit but, if it means leaving the single market and the customs union, surely it should also mean leaving #Eurovision - they hate us. We’re not even getting sympathy votes after the stage invasion! 
Is this a hard brexit? #Eurovision 
BREXIT MEANS NUL POINTS 
How can we really find out how the rest of Europe feel about Brexit? #eurovision 
UK still with 0 points  is this Brexit? #eurovision 
United Kingdom: Give us 1pt, Europe! Europe: #Eurovision #Brexit 
Found our 2019 Brexit year entry #eurovision  
Can't wait until #brexit is blamed for the UK finishing bottom at #Eurovision 
THREE MEASLY POINTS CAN'T WAIT FOR US TO FUCK UP BREXIT 
Brexit means rosco 
This is what life after Brexit will look like.First of all sabotage then no points for trying.#Eurovision 
HARD Brexit. #EUROVISION 
That’s it. Europe hates us  #Eurovision2018 #brexit  
I'd think it was a Brexit reaction but we always come last #eurovision 
You don’t have to be Jimmy Perez to understand why the UK isn’t getting any points! The Beatles could be in there and they would get zilch as well! Amid the Brexit madness, what do we expect?  
UK getting a Brexit kicking #Eurovision 
The leader board for the ongoing Brexit negotiations isn't looking too good for us.#Eurovision 
Seriously this is your front cover? He’s a private citizen now! Maybe I don’t know  try concentrating on the catastrophe that is Brexit or the infighting in the two main political parties in the UK #justathought 
Hi everyone, #FFS are on the front page of The Observer tomorrow morning because of our open letter, signed by 120 elected student leaders representing nearly a million students calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
every european country awarding 0 to britain after brexit #eurovision 
Now is the point we find out how pissed off people still are about Brexit #Results #Eurovision 
i’ve already seen someone say ‘if SuRie was given the option of performing again, why can’t we have a second referendum??’ i hate this website 
Just finally caught up with last 20 minutes of “ Where Eagles Dare.” A preposterous bit of nostalgic fantasy, but at last I know where Boris & Govey got Brexit negotiation strategy: parachute in, shoot up the Krauts, escape with blonde on zip wire, then kill saboteurs on way home 
Feels like the UK Gov could let slip that #brexit is cancelled, The NHS will recieve adequate funding and that Boris Johnson is fired and no-one would notice right now.The real question we must all ask.. what are the government up to during Eurovision?Massive conspiracy.. 
Your man CorbynYour man CorbynYour man CorbynWANTS BREXIT!Your absolute boyYour absolute boyYour absolute boyWANTS BREXITWhere's the confusion?Your manWANTS BREXITWhy deny it?Why try to hide it?Your man CorbynYour man CorbynYour man CorbynWANTS BREXITClear to me  
Many young people voted @UKLabour for the first time in 2017 in the belief we would fight this Tory Brexit. We will not be forgiven if we betray them.  
The politicians may be in chaos but Britain's ports are already READY FOR BREXIT  
Walk away Only way .....    Brussels ‘planning transition extension’ which would DELAY BREXIT to summer 2021  
I cannot BELIEVE the EU has banned us from voting for our own country because of #Brexit. So spiteful. This is why we need to take back control. #Eurovision2018 
Much of the media would have you believe that the slowdown in the British economy is down to Brexit. It is partly. But business leaders looking to invest are far far more concerned about a Corbyn Govt. Remove the Marxist threat and Britain will thrive. 
Ever noticed how the Brexiters insist Brexit is about freedom as they restrict your right to live, work & retire in 27 countries? 
'We call on our elected leaders to deliver on a people's vote on the Brexit deal so that young people can once and for all have a say on their futures.' Vitally important stuff @FFSake_ 
Watching #eurovision and more convinced than ever that Brexit was the right call. 
#Eurovision proves yet again that none of the good drugs are getting across the English Channel.  Brexit will only make things worse  
please remember that by law you are required to say “well it’s no Riverdance” aloud in the next three minutes or you will not be allowed to vote in the referendum 
Apart from the rules on referendum campaign funding and data law  
Signed the letter with 120 others, representing just under one million students. The student world might not have seen such a united front since the anti-tuition fees movement #Students #Brexit #youthvoice 
1. Please explain why Brexit will have a “devestating impact on my future”2. Will the people too young to vote in the second referendum get a third referendum to make sure their ‘future isn’t stolen’? 3. We already had a say and you lost. Get. Over. It.  
Can confirm, as a student at Durham, we weren’t even offered a sham referendum on this.Anonymous SU officers ‘elected’ on <10% turnouts have put their name to this.Nonsense story. 
Maybe SuRie’s incredible recovery will prompt the juries to vote her the winner and then Britain will be all like “Aw, it IS great to be part of Europe!” and Brexit will stop and we’ll all celebrate by firing Boris Johnson to Mars from a cannon. 
Tomorrow, we are on the front page of the Observer with our open letter signed by 120 elected student leaders who represent nearly a million students, calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal #FFS#Eurovision 
Voting has opened. UK viewers may not vote as you have shown you cannot be trusted. Please do not call or text. #Eurovision2018 #brexit #BringItOn #finaleurovisión 
‘One million students join call for a vote on Brexit deal’ @observer  front page tomorrow. SUs are amazing at defending their members on issues that will negatively impact their futures. Brexit is the largest issue facing our generation, we demand a #peoplesvote #FFS @FFSake_ 
Okay this is about the funniest thing I've ever heard. Brexiters 'millions of Turks will come to the UK when Turkey joins EU. Racists vote for Brexit. Brexiters now we're leaving the EU we need trade deals. Turkey would you like a trade deal and FOM?  
If you’re not from Ireland please vote for Ireland because after the marriage referendum that party needs to come here. And the song was pretty good. #Eurovision 
Could Theresa May end her premiership in the same way as Cameron - on an EU referendum?  
THE OBSERVER: One million students join call for vote on Brexit deal #tomorrowspaperstoday 
BREAKING: One million students join calls for a @peoplesvote_uk on the #Brexit deal - they have the most to lose if we don’t get this right, they MUST have a say on this! Over half a million young people have become eligible to vote since 2016 @FFSake_ 
Ok so the EU Council President @donaldtusk says Europe will put ”Ireland First” so, European friends, now is the time to test that, please do vote Ireland #douzepoints #Eurovision2018 #irl #Brexit #Eurovision #12points @Ryan_Acoustic #EurovisioninIrelandin2019 
Complete set of JUAN KERRS disrespect our #BREXIT wishes.. sign to KILL them B4 they kill #BREXITPetition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Peers to rebel over ‘toothless’ post-Brexit green watchdog  
Woohoo One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
BREXIT  MEANS  BREXIT  #Eurovision 
TELEGRAPH BREXIT LEAD: Ministers desert May over customs #tomorrowspaperstoday 
People of Ireland have the chance to change their restrictive law on May 25th by voting YES to remove the 8th amendment. Ireland can only make changes to the constitution by referendum. There is a chance for much more progressive legislation. #IRE #eurovision #together4yes 
If we don't get any points I'm all in favour of Brexit #Eurovision 
The EU referendum was such a polluted act - from extensive cheating by Leave to egregious political & tabloid lies to foreign interference: it’s laughable that the charade continues. But not for long. 
‘We’re waiting for answers’: Facebook, Brexit and 40 questions  
Students plan summer of defiance in push for ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit - the guardian  
Tory Remainers ate getting desperate. Dominic Grieve is calling for a second referendum and the sacking of Boris Johnson(apparently the Foreign Secretary has made public comments on a foreign policy matter)while Matthew Parris is seeking a Remainer version of Rees-Mogg. Pitiful. 
"One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal"We remember the Poll Tax and the role students played in the overturn of an attack on working people by the Elite. We're so pleased the NUS and @OFOCBrexit have mobilised to fight for the future.  
Dragons would also be the solution to all foreign policy problems. Some border dispute flaring up between two countries? SEND IN THE TRAINED BATTLE DRAGONS! Trouble negotiating #Brexit ? -- give 'em dragons to cover trade losses.  
#brexit could be more toxic to Corbyn than tuition fees were to Clegg #StopBrexit 
BFE: "Brexitometers!" up and down the land are saying the SAME thing! People are DEMANDING a say on the Brexit Deal! And why wouldn't they? It's their future, their kids' inheritance and their country! Register your intention to march on June 23rd here:   
Dr Andrew O'Regan GP: "I reluctantly joined in this referendum campaign. I was busy with my work and family. My wife, Siobhán, was expecting a baby. As the debate progressed it became clear that health care was becoming a central issue..."  #LoveBothVoteNO 
When someone mentions "Brexit" at a #Eurovision party: 
I think we need a 2nd referendum on whether Surie was right to turn down a chance to perform again, don’t you think @Andrew_Adonis ? 
So UK has chosen against doing a repeat performance. Guess that’s the second Brexit referendum screwed then #Eurovision 
Is it safe to leave Brexit in the hands of politicians?A million students say no. 
One Million Students from colleges to universities, apprentices to adult learners call for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS  
Is this what a second referendum feels like 
Proposal: instead of Brexit, Australia joins the EU. 
Exclusive: Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a second vote, says Peter Mandelson  
#Brexiteers made no plans and knew nothing of the consequences of their actions - now all sorts of serious damage is coming to light...Brexit: Falkland Islands government sounds alarm on leaving single market | The Independent  
I really hope that you are taking good note of the farmer voices responding to your polemic. We are all up for the challenge of working together to build bespoke policies for the post Brexit era so please don’t drain the goodwill before we even get started. 
If Europhile peers keep obstructing Brexit, they should expect abolition  
An interesting article arguing that the xenophobes don't so much want to expel migrants as push them back into a lower status than the natives. EU citizenship offering an equal status is therefore a red-rag to the xenophobic bull.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Come and join us and a whole host of other fantastic anti Brexit campaigners tomorrow, at our first joint event with @OFOCBrexit @BestForBritain and @pinkprotest Speakers include @cliodiaspora @albawhitewolf @GraceCampbell and @susiecourtault#stopbrexit #peoplesvote #fbpe 
Wait what, Australia is in Europe now? Have taken the UK's place because of Brexit?#Eurovision 
yes please to a people's vote! Here's me and a load of over lovely @UniKent students saying loud and proud that We Are European! I'm chuffed to be supporting @FFSake_ in our fight for a people's vote on the Brexit Terms! #ffs #peoplesvote @KentUnion 
BREXIT 2.0? Eurovision SHOCK as Britons vote to LEAVE song contest  
Peers to rebel over ‘toothless’ post-Brexit green watchdog  
Cannot wait for brexit. Get rid of Eurovision once and for all. Get back control of our nation. Ban foreigners on the telly. Farage on every channel. 
Imagine the UK winning tonight & hosting #Eurovision next year just after Brexit gets stopped & we have the gayest, most multicultural & pro-European celebration the world has ever seen & all the Brexiteers explode & reveal themselves as the real snowflakes. Beautiful scenes. 
I just realised that #Eurovision is the perfect break from referendum stress. I'm enjoying this so much 
Really well recovered SuRie #GBR #EUROVISION2018 Brother Don’t Give Up - let’s make that the tune of @peoplesvote_uk ! We aren’t out yet and we can stop #Brexit 
Every day, Brexit becomes more embarrassing to our country and more of a threat to our future. The young are demanding a #PeoplesVote 
You won't stop Brexit by whipping MPs to vote to implement it!! Also, if hashtags had been a thing in the 80s you would have ended your songs with #StopTheTories. Why 10%? 4% was enough for the fanatics to argue for the most extreme Brexit. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
How can you watch the new generations of this country, terrified about what you're doing to their futures, and do nothing? Brexit makes you feel better. But we're talking about people's lives. 
Watching Eurovision makes me feel so sad. Even if we can continue to compete after Brexit, it still reminds me that we’re leaving our beautiful European family and for what? Blue passports and a bucket of fish. 
Here's hoping the UK wins the #Eurovision tonight. Would love to see a celebration of all things European landing in the UK right in the middle of Brexit. This and the campness would turn arch-Brexiteers into dust. 
Look Europe, I know you don’t like us all that much right now because of Brexit and stuff ... but SuRie’s recovery after a crazy man grabbed the microphone off her is who we really are inside. Thank you for coming to my TED talk. #Eurovision 
It must be a rabid Brexiteer out for vengeance. After all the UN said Brexit has driven the UK crazy with racism. It couldn't be anything else.  
“Why are UK still part of Eurovision. Brexit means Brexit.” Two years on and people still don’t understand that we left the European Union, not Europe, you can’t just fucking leave a continent. #Eurovision 
Nutter grabs mic off United Kingdom #Eurovision2018 entrant and shouts something about “we demand freedom!” Or something? Was it Nick Clegg? Lord Adonis? #brexit  pic.twitter.com/MebUp4iz9g 
Brexit should mean leaving the Eurovision Song Contest, Tory MP claims  
Wow, what would it be like if UK won and hosted the European Song Contested the same year BREXIT happens? What a message that would be #remain 
EXCUSE ME PLEASE! The Ghost of Brexit Yet to Come just stormed the stage during the United Kingdom performance!! LET HIM SPEAK! #EUROVISION 
Just watch. It’ll turn out the UK sabotaged its own performance for international attention. Just like Brexit.#Eurovision2018 
ALL OF #EUROPEAN TWITTER: plz vote for the UK so we have to pay to host and welcome all you beautiful fellow Europeans to the UK in Brexit year. #Eurovision 
Hah Remoaners! Stick that stage invasion up your EU pipe and Brexit it! 
Do you think he was angry about Brexit? #Eurovision2018 
One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
I do hope Britain wins. Just for the sheer awkwardness of hosting #Eurovision six weeks after #Brexit. #GBR #awkward 
'Storm', formally titled 'We Didn't All Vote For Brexit, Guys' #Eurovision 
UK was the best Eurovision so far by miles but we'll get voted down because of Brexit THANKS, LEAVE VOTERS LOOK AT WHAT THOU HATH WROUGHT 
The day cannot come soon enough... Thanks to @carolecadwalla for tenacity and detailed reporting in the public interest re Brexit campaign - our #democracy has been hi-jacked 
Brexit UK singing "Together" in Eurovision... You are so funny, guys...  
United Kingdom just endured a stage invasion at #Eurovision No doubt it was due to Brexit?  
The giant culottes AND anti-Brexit anthem of my dreams. UK #eurovision 
Dear @theresa_may. Since it’s been a while, how is #Brexit going? Irish border sorted? Gibraltar? A decision on CU? How many trade deals signed? Are the American orders pouring in? Are the Indians queuing up to buy British? Settlement figure agreed with the E.U.? Are you well? 
#Puerilevision UKBudget airline co-pilot spews cliche-ridden nonsense in desperate attempt to sound inclusive. Descends into appalling Eurythmics larceny and what amounts to a debased and humiliating plea to be forgiven for Brexit. 
Was that the human embodiment of Brexit that just jumped on stage? Or just an angry Annie Lennox fan? #Eurovision 
I see #Brexit supporters are at it again, claiming we never do well in #Eurovision2018 because rest of Europe is biased against Britain. In fact, #Britain has had more top two #Eurovision finishes (20, including 5 wins) than any other country. Second is #Ireland (11, incl 7 wins) 
UK: these lyrics could actually be parsed as a cheery anti-brexit anthem. If you’re prone to irrational optimism. 
So the UK entry is basically a call to arms against #Brexit? I can get onboard with that #eurovision 
Not a bad song for once, from the UK.  Hey, as someone said earlier, we should all vote for the UK this year so that we have to host it next year - right in the middle of Brexit!! #Eurovision 
Oh shit!!! Does that mean we we’ll get sympathy votes? Brexit May be in our favour for once #eurovision #gbr 
We didn't beat Thatcher until we convinced a significant number of her supporters to change to our side. We have to do the same with 10% of Leave voters. You won't stop Brexit with hashtags. 
Eurovision - UK entry sabotaged by EU intruder; BREXIT NOW!!! 
Dislike #brexit all you like, but that’s not fair. Not at all ... #Eurovision 
Oh dear. Blame #Brexit #Eurovision 
"We can hold our hands together""Through the storm (oh, oh)Through the storm (oh, oh)."Why did we not think of this as a slogan during the referendum?#Eurovision 
Fuck that stage invasion. I'm sold on Brexit now. #Eurovision 
Think the UK  entry into #Eurovision ‘Storms Don’t Last for Ever’ is a metaphor for #Brexit 
Watching #Britain's performance thinking maybe Brexit wasn't such a bad idea after all#Eurovision 
Pretty sure this is an anti-brexit song. #GBR 
This song is about Brexit and you're all supposed to cry about it. #eurovision 
Wouldn't it be great if the UK won and the first thing we did after Brexit was invite ALL OF EUROPE over to sing? #EUROVISION 
I still think the UK voted for Brexit in the mistaken belief it would end their annual #eurovision humiliation #sbseurovision 
U.K: votes Brexit Also U.K: storms don’t last forever  #Eurovision 
Next up are the UK. Pretty nostalgic event this as it'll be their last appearance in the Eurovision before Brexit. They will sing next year in a tri-nation event featuring the US and North Korea 
Let me explain briefly. Europe doesn't hate us cos of Brexit or Iraq or whatever convenient excuse tabloids think up. They love British music. They think so highly of it. And then they wonder why we don't send it to Eurovision.They're not angry with us. They're disappointed. 
UK is up next... if Europe wants a laugh they'll all vote for us so we host it next year just after Brexit. #eurovision 
Backing Brexit, and walking with Theresa hand-in-hand over the Brexit cliff edge will be political suicide.Corbyn is complicit in any damage Brexit causes, as he whipped Labour into supporting Art 50...despite there being no plan for the economy or the Irish border. 
I hope everyone votes for the UK just for the fact we will have to host and celebrate how great Europe is and show our solidarity, and then I can watch everyone who voted for Brexit have a massive meltdown about the cost. Please make my year. #Eurovision #Eurovision2018 
The youth of Britain are angry that they have had their future taken away from them. They don't want Brexit but they will be forced to live with the consequences by the action of older voters in the UK unless we #StopBrexit 
If this Norway atrocity wins Eurovision I’m campaigning for hard Brexit. 
They all had a vote on June 23rd 2016. And again in the 2017 general election. Less than 10% of under 25s voted for the Lib Dems. Majority for pro brexit political parties. Time to move on.  
Women (on average) voted to save this country from Brexit and they're still fighting.Join the "electorally wiser sex" tomorrow! #ShesWithEUEvent details:  pic.twitter.com/c4uobsRg6R 
One million students join calls for vote on Brexit deal  
Fuck if only we could win tonight and have to host #Eurovision next year couple of months after Brexit  
I would walk 500 mile & I would walk 500 moreI'd travel the world & the seven seasJust to see a Brexit benefitFly me to the moonLet me play among the starsLet me see what a Brexit benefit is likeOn the planet you call yoursIn other wordsShow me a fucking Brexit benefit! 
Mycroft has informed me that if the UK wins the vote to host Eurovision 2019, Brexit will be called off. 
Eurovision is my favourite thing about Brexit 
But the 1990s Eurosceptic critique of the EU now seems sound.  Everything about Brexit shows how far UK and EU law and policy have tangled, and difficult (impossible) to untangle.Euroscepticism was shown to be valid, just when it became obsolete./ends 
Tory MP Michael Fabricant claimed that Brexit should mean UK leaving the Eurovision Song Contest. The Hard Brexiter is an example of how the referendum result has encouraged intolerance and xenophobia... #Eurovision2018 
*terrible confession face* I have lived in London for almost 20 years. I have a British husband. I have dual citizenship. I voted in the referendum. But I do not get Eurovision. At all. It does make me want to drink, but only in a bad way. 
What odds @bbcnickrobinson tacking @michaelgove and the so called TaxPayers’ Alliance bod on  the AIQ scandal and the Brexit funding criminality? 
#eurovision REMEMBER: vote for the UK if you want the Brexit-supporting ass-hats to be forced to host Eurovision 2019! 
We are going to march in London on 23rd June to demand a vote on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVote 
Good for Grassroots Tories - they  warn Theresa May the Conservative party 'will not be trusted for a generation' if she 'fudges' Brexit. They need to keep turning the screw   via @Telegraph 
This referendum is not about abortion for difficult cases, it’s about abortion on demand for any reason. If the 8th amendment is repealed, the right to life of all unborn babies will be removed. #LoveBothVoteNo 
The politicians may be in chaos over Brexit but the British people are not and want the government to get on with it and no extensions to stay past our leave date. 
The Eurovision Song Contest. Or, as it's also known "Don't vote for the United Kingdom because they voted Brexit". #Eurovision2018 
It's time for honesty @Keir_Starmer We'd like #Marr to challenge how a Labour Brexit will "make sure that nobody loses their job and the economy doesn't suffer"We'd like you to be honest with people, you know ANY Brexit damages. You may be reconciled with it, but be honest.  
Italy didn't show Eurovision in 1974, worried a song repeating "si si si" would subliminally affect an upcoming referendum on divorce. #Eurovision #AllAboard 
FOUR CRIMES define the illegitimate @JubileePartyK tyrannical regime: Looting of public resources; murder of unarmed innocent civilians; tribalism; and electoral theft. Bridges, hand cheques or referendum are just diversions.       
Really wish I hadn't been so polite. BBC News - Brexit:  fined £70,000 for breaking electoral law during referendum  Also that Olympic video is still up, they are still using my image in their campaign material with out permission 
David Davis promised #brexit trade deals worth 10x the EU single market or approximately twice world economic output. This means either he has discovered extra terrestrials and is negotiating trade  deals with other planet or he's a clueless lying  fraud. 
Thanks @guyverhofstadt I watched #EurovisionSongContest #EUROVISION ever since I was a little girl in the 1950s in NL. It is more special to me today as we are struggling with the madness of Brexit, in the UK. Please support us in turning this around, as soon as we can.  
FACT: Everyone that doesn't like Eurovision voted brexit. 
Who made the Tax Payers Alliance so important overnight????  Who is this alliance that a Brexit evangelical like Chloe Look at My Teeth and Hair Westley gets national airtime. No shame #Marr #BBCNickRobinson. 
I did events with Corbyn during the referendum campaign and his message of Remain and Reform resonated with people. It's certainly a better slogan for convincing Leavers than the 'back to the status quo' arguments put out by many #FBPE 
Every year the British public seems astonished – just ASTONISHED – that we keep landing on our face in #Eurovision but there's a very simple reason for it. It's not politics. It's not petty rivalry. It's not Brexit. It's the music. We're doing it all wrong – and I can prove it... 
Captain Brexit (& Gimpboy Gove) solve the Irish border problem.Taken from the latest issue of The Brexit - get yours here: 
Want to put jobs first?Stop Brexit.  
In a referendum on Britain's membership of the Eurovision Song Contest, how would you vote?Remain: 44%Leave: 56%--2016 Remain voters:Remain: 65%Leave: 35%2016 Leave voters:Remain: 21%Leave: 76%via @YouGov, 08 - 09 May 2017Excl. undecideds and non-voters. 
The quest for one benefit of #Brexit continues. This time we asked #LloydRussellMoyle #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe? His answer was short & sweet. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE @RemainingKind @BarbaraWant @Lady_DJP @BestForBritain @snb19692 @operabinoculars 
Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a second vote, says Peter Mandelson  
All the big outsourcing firms will go broke soon. Capita losing billions. Nothing the Tories have done has worked out. We must be patient like Corbyn, it’s a waiting game. The Tories are self combusting. #AcadamySchools #Carillion #Skripals #Brexit  
Peter Bone MP - "I have sympathy for Remainers in that position, and there are some, I do think counselling would be a good idea."Maybe leaving the country would help as well." #Brexit  
Referendum is getting close now folks. Just 13 days. And of course, just 6 or 7 days until the blockbuster last-minute media story designed to swing the vote for the YES side. #8thref 
Poor old Emily - lost for words when asked to described #Labour's Brexit position - it changes daily.#brexitshambles#brexitmeansbrexit 
Andrew Neil - "The Tories now enjoy a lead among working-class voters while Labour, under it most left-wing leadership ever, enjoys support among the prosperous middle-class. "If that isn't #Brexit up-ending the traditional pattern of British politics, I don’t know what is."  
Ah, Remainers. The group that• lost the referendum• lost the subsequent election• aren't leading either main party• aren't negotiating Brexit• don't own 90% of media• aren't implementing BrexitThat's who's responsible: the guys with literally no responsibility.  
#bbcsp Never ending BREXIT bashing BBC. Sir Keir Starmer on first Marr show. Then we got bloody dinosaur  Ken Clarke on trying to derail Brexit. Then worst of 3 Shami Chakrabarti. Best friend of disgraced lawyer Phil Shiner. Get some Brexiteers on cant it’s the BIAS BBC  
Jacob Rees-Mogg REVEALS key loophole that WILL save UK's post- #Brexit trade#moggmentum @MoggMentum 
Staying in the EEA would match Labour's test of a post-Brexit arrangement with the “exact same benefits” as now and make it harder to create a low tax, low regulation, free-market, free-for-all economy, says Chuka Umunna.  
My brain switching from referendum mode to eurovision mode  
Banks, building industry hospitality industry, fruit pickers, farm workers etc etc etc we need special visas for all of them as they are essential to our economy. So why bother with Brexit?  
In Burundi, a few days before a controversial constitutional referendum, 26 people have been killed in an attack on a rural area. The security minister blamed an unspecified "terrorist group."  
Likewise. I am confident that many of us took the EU more or less for granted and gave little thought to it. Not any more. This stupid Brexit crap has produced millions of passionate British Europeans. Viva Europa! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
A true thread about Brexit and Eurovision. On the evening of the EU referendum, I went out for drinks with a friend in Vauxhall. Above the bar were TVs showing various polling station clips. 
According to @LiamFox, "the beauty of a referendum is that every voter has an equal voice & every vote has equal weight".The ugliness of First Past the Post is that voters have unequal voices and some votes are worth many times more than others.#MakeElectionsBeautiful 
If there were to be a vote on the final #Brexit deal - what do you think would be the outcome? #FinalSayPlease RT Poll after you vote for a larger sample. #EURef 
I've been simply monitoring the Brexit.I've noticed most Brexiters given up on economic arguments (unsurprisingly) and are bajiringbif 'sovreignty' and the 'undemocratic' EU, and how we gave to be free.They are on last legs.Could it be #BrexitIsOver ? 
FINALLY! EU to INTERVENE in Spanish police 'BRUTALITY' in Catalan independence referendum 
Talk about ungrateful.You should thank Corbyn for wiping out Theresa May's majority, thus killing off a hard Brexit.You should thank Corbyn for securing a meaningful vote on final deal.You should thank Corbyn for ensuring either Mogg or Soubry or both will oppose final deal.  
Grassroots Tories warn Theresa May the Conservative party 'will not be trusted for a generation' if she 'fudges' Brexit  via @Telegraph 
MUST READ: Neil Kinnock: “It would be a serious evasion of duty if Labour did not seize this chance to protect our country from the rockslide of hard Brexit.”Crucial fork-in-road choice approaching soon. Please urge your MP to support EEA Single Market  
On Channel 4 News tonight:Jeremy Corbyn has been speaking at a TUC-led workers' rights demonstration in central London, but has been accused by his predecessor Lord Kinnock of a "serious evasion of duty" for not campaigning to keep key aspects of the single market after Brexit. 
On yer bike Barnier! You’ve milked enough out of us. Brussels ‘planning transition extension’ which would DELAY BREXIT to summer 2021  
Racism has become more acceptable in the UK since Brexit, UN warns  
Nurses from EU face annual £600 fee for own NHS costs after Brexit, leaders warn.Just crazy. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. 
Any negative impact from Brexit on the islands’ economy is likely to be a thorny issue for Brexiteers, for many of whom the Falklands is a touchstone issue.So Brexiteers care more about the Falklands than the North East?What a farce.#Brexitshambles 
Dear EUCan we extend the #Brexit transition period please?Preferably until just after our sun has exploded in to a supernova.About 10billion years should do it.TaThe sensible half of the UKP.S. We will still be waiting for a tangible #Brexit benefit. #BrexitIsOver 
Successive UK governments undervalued and largely ignored Brits working for #EU in Brussels even before #Brexit...bound to be worse now...  
One of the very best #Brexit summaries long seen. From a closed Facebook group I'm in, so I protect my source. #BrexitWasBrexit and it's important for MPs to understand that people are not going to accept it. It's a #5timesNO! 
Last #Eurovision before Brexit my dudes. It’s gonna be emotional. 
Lords want to abolish Brexit. Brexiters want to abolish Lords. Sign the petition!  
This is a must watch video from Dr Mark McNaught about the dangers of Brexit to Scotland. It really ought to be published on every pro-independence website and blog. Get in touch with *your* favourite blogger and make them aware of this. It's free content. 
Whether it’s a Labour Brexit or a Tory Brexit... it’ll be exactly the same. The same amount of money lost, the same amount of austerity. The same amount of hardship - the same reduced quality & standard of life. Don’t let @JeremyCorbyn tell you otherwise: He’s lying. #ofoc #fbpe 
The Tory curse: The party’s unending obsession with Europe... and how it blights the nation.Cameron called the 2016 referendum for reasons of party management alone. Theresa May might have no choice in the end but to welcome another. 
“The Eighth Amendment never stopped abortion, it made it hidden and dangerous. This referendum is about do we treat women properly with care and compassion.” Such an important moment this morning, at the #doctors4yes national summit 
Love Boats person tried to hand me a leaflet and said ‘please vote no in the referendum’ so I got to say ‘not a chance, chicken’ into a grown man’s face. 
More than one thousand doctors from across Ireland have called for a Yes vote in the upcoming referendum on the Eighth Amendment, saying repeal will make healthcare “safe and regulated” for Irish women. #doctors4yes 
EU May Push for 6-Month Brexit Transition Extension: Independent 
#Brexit has turned out to be a shit sandwich and the #Leave camp know know it, hence they're crawling from under their rocks to blame #Remainers.Sorry chaps, it's shit sandwich of your making. You're going to have to man up and swallow it yourselves. Enjoy. 
Bloody love the conference. Players swearing constantly on live tv. Big Brexit centre half of the winning team trying to knock out the losing manager. 
...see the Left are out marching against racism & workers rights today, of course Sky & BBC report it but not when the Football Lads or Brexit marches took place, the establishment pulling out all the stops to weaken our leaving the failing EU. 
The customs row is beyond absurd but, strangely, it makes complete sense in terms of the fundamental paradox of Brexit politics. My latest blogpost:  
UN Rapporteur from Zambia Claims Brexit Made Britain More Racist, Minorities Face ‘Overwhelming Oppression’  
 A woman walks in front of a pro-choice mural relating to the laws regarding abortion in Dublin on May 11, 2018 ahead of the referendum @ArtWidak #AFP 
At one level Brexit has always been about a petulant refusal to accept responsibility. The #Brexit mentality is always about blaming someone else for  Britain's self-inflicted failings.As we are seeing, this is absolutely not the mentality needed for 'taking back control'. 
Over 1,000 doctors call for Yes vote in referendum. ‘This is not a vote of Yes or No . . . it’s whether we want to make healthcare safe and regulated’ #doctors4yes  
Should we hold Boris & Gove personally finacially liable for the £70bn pa shortfall in tax revenues the UK will soon be facing due to their Brexit lies? 
I am more worried by the political than the economic consequences of #Brexit. If Brexit happens it will demonstrate that a wealthy and powerful elite can use the politics of lies, fear, hate, scapegoating & nationalist hysteria to manipulate British politics.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Dover customs operators say Brexit can work - yet we must invest quickly in preparations at the border.  
2 slogans which might be useful as memes against right-wing Brexiters, given that patriotic pride is dear to them:There is no patriotic Brexit. #Brexit is what an enemy would do to Britain.Brexit is making Britain into a global laughing-stock. Restore pride #StopBrexit. 
The truth is #brexit has no rationality, it is rooted in a fictional narrative of imperial exceptionalism. It's arrogance based on fantasy. That's why it is so dangerous.That is why it must be stopped.  
Like and retweet if you agree that if Brexit is fudged, the Party won’t be trusted for a generation and that the vote for the return of sovereign control must be implemented  
#thankthelords you are putting country first'NONSENSE! We're just doing our job' Lord Kerr defends Peers' attempts to thwart Brexit #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
Over 1000 doctors call for a Yes vote in the referendum, an incredible show of support from healthcare professionals. #together4yes #doctors4yes #8thref  
Yet another irony of Brexit:“REVEALED: Turkey seeks free trade deal with Britain in exchange for freedom of movement”: 
It would be less embarrassing for @RuthCadbury @ChukaUmunna et al if they actually read and comprehended Lab manifesto on EU withdrawl and the ground breaking effort @Keir_Starmer has done on trapping the Tories on brexit 
Something is shifting in the #Brexit #leave sphere. My auntie from East Anglia who has avoided the topic for the past 2 years asked me today whether/how we would be affected by Brexit and acknowledged how bad things are going. We had an actual conversation! I see change! 
This specious semantic ruling on data was/were not put to a referendum.  Will of the FT newsroom blatantly ignored.  I blame the upper chamber, led by Lord Beattie and @SpiegelPeter 
No @andrewadonis you’ll destroy House of Lords as you’re on record as saying you want to destroy Brexit. Be careful what you wish for  
I have just one Brexit test:Either you oppose Brexit, in which case you can have my vote.ORYou support Brexit and you DO NOT have my vote.This is my clear and unambiguous policy.  
TAKING BACK CONTROL - Who Needs Power Steering, Air Con, Sat-Nav , ABS, Air Bags.... When you can have this beautiful death-trap  /#Brexit  
I often start my day attacking the Tories, and then find myself increasingly distracted by Corbynists saying Labour can't do anything to oppose #Brexit, or electing Labour is more important than stopping Brexit, or there's a 'jobs first Brexit' etc..#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
More misleading nonsense from a Corbyn supporter. Most of Labour's increased vote in 2017 came from Remainers, many of whom voted tactically for Labour to stop May getting her big majority. Many voted, as I did, despite Corbyn not because of him.#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
It’s been clear from the start, Britain needs #Brexit likeA fish needs a bicycle A hedgehog needs a hairdoA dog needs a compassA cat needs a hammerAn elephant needs a scooter.#StopbrexitSaveBritain 
If you had told me before the #Brexit vote that I would be sitting here, waiting for my meal, reading @TheNewEuropean I would call you mad. The change is complete , time to #Remain 
Sack and deport her for inciting hate. My reply to @julianking in EU Parliament on same subject  Tendayi Achiume, just named UN Special Rapporteur on Racism & Intolerance rapporteur says Brexit has made the UK a more racist country 
Brexit has contributed to increased racial discrimination and intolerance, the UN special rapporteur on racism says—“explicit racial, ethnic and religious intolerance” have gained ground in mainstream political parties of the left and the right 
The Parliament can't stop Brexit by itself. It has to be the people. I want to put Brexit to bed. If Parliament simply says no to Brexit, this debate never ends. It will be the establishment stopping Brexit. That can't happen. The deal must be put to a #PeoplesVote. Or it's chaos 
how embarrassing. on my way home from morrisons. turn a corner only to be rugby tackled by about 6 school kids with stanley knives. the chumps put me in a double brexit headlock and swiped my wallet. the future generation of patriots is lookin bright 
Whatever your views on Brexit, using Kinnock as a reference point does tend to suggest you're an anti-Corbyn MP. Kinnock's support for Thatcher in defeating Miners' Strike left an indelible shadow of shame forever hanging over our Party. He's a man to be despised.  
Yes. And the same is true of Leave: yes, Brexit means suffering, but the people they see suffering are “others” - metropolitan elites, foreigners, liberals, anyone else… not grasping the extreme danger to their own precarious wellbeing.  
If we’d had less MPs like Ruth & Chuka & rest of Cabal, @UKLabour wd already be in power & the country would be fine, Brexit or No Brexit.  
Can people please stop saying "Corbyn can't oppose Brexit. It would be political suicide."  I. Am. Not. Asking. Him. To.All he needs to say is: "If the Brexit deal doesn't meet my 6 tests (e.g. same benefits as EU membership), the people must vote on it before we can proceed." 
Lovely to be campaigning for a #peoplesvote alongside our WGC members at the food festival today! Such a positive response too. Your constituents are very much in favour of having a final say on the Brexit deal @grantshapps 
Last Brexit week or so:-PM splits Cabinet to discuss customs options already ruled out by EU-Leave fined for breach of campaign financing-UK= lowest growth rate in EU-arch Brexiteers admit it's not going to plan-no closer to NI border resolutionUK politics disintegrating 
It has been two decades since the U.K. won the Eurovision contest, and lately some voices have agitated for a Brexit-style withdrawal from the event. The results from a new study suggest that this might be a bad idea.  
Even the Trade Unions Jeremy believes he's fighting for, don't want Brexit.#TUCNewDeal 
In a recent interview I said: "At the end of this year. if Corbyn lets the People vote our way out of Brexit, He's my King. But if he supports Brexit, I'll fight until he's gone" 
There is a #toryrenaissance conference with a logo that looks like a flame (Front National does too).Claims to show Tories are compassionate...The same Tories responsible for Grenfell, Windrush, Brexit, treatment of disabled and unemployed and so on?Pull the other one. 
This referendum is about how we treat women with crisis pregnancy, Doctors For Choice say that the 8th needs to go so they can provide compassionate and safe care for women. #Doctors4Yes #together4Yes 
The two institutions at heart of Brexit are both frauds: Liam Fox’s DIT (Department of Invisible Trade) & Rees-Mogg’s ERG (Economic Ruin Group) 
Italy is the first country in Europe to present a populist eurosceptic government combining elements of both the left and right with a Five Star and League coalition. This represents the second biggest thorn in the EU since Brexit. Photo by @ilfoglio_it 
I am pissed off with these mendacious claims that Labour can do nothing to stop Brexit. The government is bitterly divided, hanging on a DUP thread & faced with around 15 MPs likely to defect. If Labour can't oppose effectively then it should disband itself.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Burundi village attack leaves 26 dead ahead of referendum  
If the government doesn't have the answers for fixing our train system how can it possibly solve Brexit? #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain 
This pre-EU Referendum piece by Daniel Hannan about post-Brexit Britain will work would be very funny, were it not so tragic. The half of it that was not rubbish then also looks rubbish now. #Brexit  
FINALLY! EU to INTERVENE in Spanish police 'BRUTALITY' in Catalan independence referendum 'The European Commissioner for Justice, Věra Jourová, is understood to now be investigating the matter' 
Brexit is less than a year away. What the government proposes is not a done deal. And it doesn’t have to be. That's why we're campaigning for a #PeoplesVote - if you want one too, help us reach our £150k target: 
Eating healthy is expensive. Things are more expensive because of the Brexit vote and set to get even more expensive if Brexit actually happens. So yeah, the headline sounds ridiculous, But so's Brexit. 
Find a more ridiculous anti-Brexit headline. We'll wait...  
Daniel Hannan blames Remainers and the left for the fact that Brexit isn't going very well, says @JonnElledge 
Grassroots Tories warn Theresa May the Conservative party 'will not be trusted for a generation' if she 'fudges' Brexit - After 340 years more likely to be eviscerated - an annihilation if Tories fail to deliver the #Brexit we voted for 
22. Since there was no way to make them take note and voting changes nothing, Brexit really is the only tool in the box and our last chance to arrest the decline. It is a gamble - but I prefer the uncertainty of Brexit to the certainty of what we were already facing. 
We'll be raising our flags at the #PeoplesVote march in London on 23rd June. Labour people are overwhelmingly pro-EU, we know Brexit is bad for Britain, and 69% of us back a vote on the Brexit deal. Come and Join us.@labour4europe @Remain_Labour 
Everything is all right, Chancellor says the hole of £38billion is resolved. Thank God they are in charge of Brexit!  
Looking forward to seeing the lovely @RCorbettMEP shortly at the @millennifest event in #Sheffield today3:30pm at DINA#EUsupergirl talks #Brexit  
Brexit 'will have to go back to the people' for a second vote, says Peter Mandelson  
Russia is biggest threat to UK since cold war, says head of British army. And yet the government pushes ahead with #Brexit handing Putin a massive strategic victory in his hybrid war against the EU & Western democracy!Who are the traitors!#BrexitBetraysBritain. #StopBrexit 
Hopeless, like Andrew Harrop article.  Leaving doesn’t ‘end’ anything. The campaign to re-enter starts the day after, & will soon become Labour policy because of economic and social effects of being outside. Better not to Brexit; then we spend one year not a decade+ sorting this  
On Brexit island it’s all getting a bit Lordships of the Flies | Marina Hyde  
Lords voted for United States of EuropeREJECTED by 17.4 million people!Forcing EU allegiance using Political Trickery may not be enough!You need a Bigger EU army, Secret Police & even more propaganda...British people will never salute an #EU flag they have Rejected#Brexit 
Thats what real traitor are - collaborators with the enemy not to be confused with judges and Lords and MPs doing their jobs - when opposing brexit - we live in a democracy -well we did until the Nazi Brexiters took over. 
Jeremy Corbyn must change stance on Brexit, claims Lord Kinnock  
It’s a regular EU ploy. You get the wrong answer in a Referendum, you have to vote again. And keep voting till you get the “right” answer (but no more votes after that). It’s called “biased finality”.  
a super positive canvass with @DSWProChoice today. with only 2 weeks left until the referendum people are really educating themselves on the complexities of this issue and realising what it's like to be a pregnant person on this island pic.twitter.com/vyDkSQB1mn 
Take your LEAVE and shove it your BREXIT.  I am REMAIN, I am EUROPEAN.  I want a one country Europe the best, most successfull, largest economy and the most caring country in the world. created by choice not war, maitanied by democracy not fascism. 
Today @BathforEurope hosted @Andrew_Adonis, leading the call in the Labour camp for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. #FBPE 
Europe is our home. Europeans are our friends.Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit stance leaves young people politically homeless #OFOC #StopBrexit #FinalSay #FBPE 
Hello @ChukaUmunna - just want to let you know that @LibDems are the only party that supports a referendum on the final deal with the option to remain. #peoplesvote 
Here we go. I’ve said this would likely happen many times in lead-up to EUref. Got told I was scaremongering and spreading more project fear nonsense ....  Nurses from EU face annual £600 fee for own NHS costs after Brexit, leaders warn  
Ian seems to think that preparation for Brexit would have made it a success.Like putting on a seatbelt in preparation for driving off a cliff.  
THE UGLY FACE OF BREXIT. The rise in race hate and the associated  rise of far right nationalism is a danger to British values and British Democracy. Brexit is fuelling the ugly rot in British society and Brexit must be stopped. #StopBrexit 
I considered voting Leave. With a different type of referendum, I may well have voted Leave. If I had, I'd never have had the chutzpah to blame Remainers if it wasn't working out how I'd hoped. 
When the #EU referendum happens in Italy and Italy votes to leave, are the #UK #Remoaners going to stop visiting Italy as according to them, the Italians must all be racists? 
Labour members are against Brexit, PLP is against Brexit, most of his own cabinet is against Brexit, the Trade Union movement is against Brexit and finally, last but not least the majority of Labour voters are against Brexit. What part of AGAINST BREXIT, Jeremy, don’t you get? 
Brexit Britain has been urged to join the European Free Trade Association court by former judge Carl Baudenbacher:  
"The government is not yet in freefall only because it has not finished building its own scaffold" @jonlis1 on the fate of the Brexit fantasists 
The TUC is against Brexit in its current form/direction.It wants "tariff-free, barrier-free, frictionless trade" with the EU.That means being in the Single Market and Customs Union. It's that simple. #TUCNewDeal 
So if you voted for Brexit, when you read this, this isn't about you. It's about how people have used your vote to justify their own crap. #UNReport 
It is ironic that Leavers believing #Brexit will restore sovereignty and return control are backing the project of a super-rich elite whose aim is to reduce democracy to a shell, leaving us in the hands of a global kleptocracy bearing no loyalty to any nation.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Sounds like the point has whooshed over your head.  I keep asking people to explain the mechanics of stopping Brexit.  What I get in reply are position statements, (sometimes abuse). I am crying out for someone to show me how it can work when Tories will not vote their seats away 
Why should we have to endure #Brexit & the likelihood of suffering for 10 years or any other period? No rational, sensible or compassionate govt would inflict suffering on the country it governs. And certainly not when the long term benefits are very far from assured improvement.  
You really don't have a clue do you? Let me make it simple: There is zero way we can be ready for Brexit day next year. The legislation is crawling through Parliament. The infrastructure and IT systems aren't in place. That transition period? We need it. Desperately. 
"After some more probing, Grieve finally states his preferred solution to the impasse: a second referendum" - and a third and fourth, if voters don't give Grieve the right answer.  
Great news!! “The Taoiseach's department is heading up a group to examine the risk posed by online ads to our democracy. It follows Google and Facebook's full and partial bans on advertising relating to the abortion referendum”  
Corbyn could fight #Brexit tomorrow, and bring down the Tories all without losing a single seatHere's how 
Finally long-empty premises in Clare Rd set to become new shop. One in the eye for Brexit in this part of Wales too  
I agree with this. The stronger @LibDems become the more the two main parties will get the message on Brexit.  
Brexit: Jeremy #Corbyn must change stance, says Lord #KinnockOh go away you pathetic pain-in-the-ass! How many times does the British electorate have to tell you we don't want you? pic.twitter.com/GlzgArSxVS 
Leavers will say that opposing Brexit is 'undemocratic' - but it's not democratic for the rich and powerful to manipulate the electorate for their own benefit !!...The rich Tories ideally want a dictatorship to enhance and protect their wealth !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
Attended the panel on “Post Brexit” at the 7th Turkish-British Tatlıdil Forum along with Sir Alan Duncan, UK Minister for Europe and Americas. Spoke on relations with EU and bilateral relations in the wake of Brexit. Underlined the strategic cooperation between Turkey and the UK.  
So far our #ItsTimeToTalk campaign has reached 270,896 people! These are the conversations that will win this referendum. Let’s keep them going! Lots of resources available here  #ItsTime #VoteYes #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes  
"It turns out Brexit's only about reclaiming parliament’s stolen sovereignty until parliament does something the Daily Mail disapproves of." 
The Kinnocks received more than £10million during their time working at the European Union in Brussels.Now Kinnock demands Corbyn ignore the referendum result to leave.Lords must be BANNED from taking EU money.#brexit #leave #leaveeu via @MailOnline 
Without Jeremy Corbyn, Theresa May would have a massive majority and the UK would be heading for a hard Brexit. As it is, a hard Brexit is virtually impossible, a soft Brexit is merely probable and no Brexit is still possible. You should be thanking Corbyn, not slagging him off.  
The UN report on Brexit looks like it was based on a few days in Britain reading the Guardian newspaper, says @isaby 
When lead Brexiter Daniel Hannan is comfortable with an EFTA soft Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn isn’t, something is seriously wrong with @UKLabour #FBPE @Femi_Sorry @JolyonMaugham  
“To the affluent elderly Brexiteers I say listen to you children and grandchildren, not the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation” @Andrew_Adonis #thebathfestival 
Brexit and Theresa May’s immigration policies have made Britain a more racist country, the United Nations has claimed. Do you agree? Listen:  
While I was making a cup of tea I did an in-depth survey of the UN, along the lines of the one carried out by Zambian UN official, Tendayi Achiume, a US-based lawyer. She suggested racism & anti-Semitism is linked to Brexit. My survey concluded she is nuts.  
Tory Brexiters are trying to create a smokescreen around #Brexit so we get over the line to the point of no return.Labour supporters-when you retreat into "LD were Tory enablers", "It's a Tory problem, let them implode", "Blairite scum"....You're just part of the smokescreen 
Great piece from @KirstyStricklan much of which I agree with @theSNP cannot sign up to a 2nd #EUref without guarantees that Scotland’s vote will be respected this time & the mandate for a 2nd #indyref recognised #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes: Royaume-Uni, nul points....#Brexit #EurovisionSongContest 
Jeremy Corbyn will commit "a serious evasion of duty" if he does not change his stance on Brexit, Lord Kinnock has said.The peer said that Labour should endorse the UK staying in the EEA or risk "sacrificing thousands of jobs".....code for 'My pension is going down the Swanee.'  
Yes of course! But in the meantime, with the Tories + DUP with a majority in the HoC and no evidence, other than one vote in Dec 17 on sovereignty of Parliament, that they will defy the whip on anything to do with Brexit, how will it be stopped? Or are you proposing revolution? 
I start the day by attacking fascist Paul Dacre for trying to force #Brexit down the throats of the British people, and by midday I'm coming across all sorts of Labour people peddling the same message as Dacre. #StopBrexit #peoplesvote 
."The Falkland Islands’ government has sounded the alarm over leaving the EU single market, warning that the territory would take a “catastrophic” economic hit if it faces new tariffs & quotas as a result of Brexit." #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Thank you for that really informative thread  makes a lot of sense and reinforces my belief that Brexit under Labour has to be much more principled and humane than under the Tories  
ZAMBIAN UN RACE BAITER declares Britain more racist because of Brexit. How dare she.  
BREAKING: Candidate Quim Torra promises to restore the Catalan institutions attacked by the Spanish Government and to obey the pro-independence mandate of the October 1st referendum. 
There's a load of Love Boaters from Kerry on the Luas talking about how nervous they are about the result of the referendum. Good. Yis should be nervous. #Together4Yes I am standing right beside them looking like a repeal shop got sick on me 
In which I say we will seek to keep exemption on lighting standards for theatres, and where Brexit will mean it is impossible for UK sectors to have direct representation on future rules that will affect them.  
I see #NeilKinnock is being told his views on Brexit don't count because he's a Lord - by supporters of Baroness Chakrabarti 
Despite what Remoaners say, UK ports declare they are ready for Brexit! 
This is a really very good article from @JonnElledge calling out brexit charlatans. The righteous anger shouts through every line.  
12.  Only when we are out of that margin of error and into firm Remain territory  as a nation would it be worth the risk of another referendum.  Not now.  Not with snake-in-the-grass Tories who cannot be trusted to vote against  the whip, despite their public pronouncements 
9. Despite grandiose pronouncements that if there were a second referendum Remain would win, this is not supported by strong evidence. We are still within  the margins of error. If we did have another referendum one can be sure that it would exacerbate the polarisation and hatred 
7. There have been reports that internal Tory polling has shown Labour  to be between 12-17 points ahead, and they are terrified.  This will all come to a head in November.  The focus has to be on getting the Tories out first, and worrying about whether Brexit happens at all then 
Unless Corbyn changes direction on Brexit very soon it will turn into his Iraq. In years to come anytime he sticks his head up to waffle on about something he'll be met with a chorus of "shut up you were wrong on Brexit and you're wrong now" 
The row over the Withdrawal Bill and which powers go where after Brexit, please.  
The idea that Brexit Britain is deeply racist just doesn’t wash. Look at the backlash to the Windrush scandal: the over-65s were among the most outraged. This UN rapporteur isn’t even citing evidence, she’s just repeating anti-Brexit talking points@Tom_Slater_ on Sky last night 
'we can't just give up' says @nick_clegg. He's right. Evil triumphs if good people do nothing. Let's not let ghastly #Dacre, #Farage + other far right nasties take over. #brexit isn't a done thing. #FBPE can #StopBrexit @BrexitBin @MarieAnnUK @voiceseurope 
.U̶N̶B̶E̶L̶I̶E̶V̶A̶B̶L̶E̶!#BrexitBritain makes this BELIEVABLE"Nurses from the EU face paying an annual £600 fee for their OWN health costs after Brexit in a move that will deepen the NHS staffing crisis, their leaders are warning.". 
UN brands Britain "racist" and blames Brexit. What utter sh*t on every level. Don't like Britain? Then leave.  
UK ports body says it is ‘ready for Brexit’  
I love all the 'dwindling Brexit support' narrative I keep seeing, on Twitter.  I can't work out if they're desperate, delusional, dreaming or just plain, simple, straightforward lying.   
Brexit has contributed to an environment of increased racial discrimination and intolerance. Extreme views have gained ground and become mainstream.Institutional prejudices plague the lives of ethnic minorities in Britain.I want my country back. 
The cheating that voids the referendum should be a matter for the law, the government & Parliament to respond to: prosecution of those who did it, notification to our fellow EU members that Brexit is over because if should never have started, having no basis.  
@Farmers4EU Here's an "avid Remainer" farming in East Yorks...     ‘Brexit has put a brake on business,’ says Yorkshire veg grower Guy Poskitt  
May's cynicism & duplicity knows no bounds.Happy to throw 60- & 70- y/o ex-soldiers to the Yuman Rites legal scavengers, while IRA ex-terrorists walk free, to try & buy off Sinn Fein opposition to the post-Brexit NI-Ireland border issue.FGS, "Conservatives", replace her now.  
Now is the perfect time to join the Lib Dems. The local elections showed that we're on right path, fighting for investment in public services and giving the public the final say on Brexit. Be part of the change:  
.@UN envoy condemns growing culture of racism in the UK since #Brexit vote  
During the first Scottish Independence referendumLabour used a fake nurse/actress on their leaflets in a real NHS Scotland uniformThey lied about the NHSAnd today they spend their days traducing the work of Scottish NHS staff to attack the SNP  
Defence Secretary @GavinWilliamson telling #ToryRenaissance to embrace Brexit “as an opportunity” and that “now is not the time to be timid”. I trust he will heed his words and again reject the proposed Customs Partnership at Tuesday’s Brexit Cabinet Committee...  
Spent a few hours last week explaining Labour's long game on Brexit to the #FBPE - not easy in 280 characters. Here @andrew_harrop sets it out in greater detail. Please read before posting the kneejerk "Corbyn is a Brexiteer" stuff 
The Conservatives and Labour are two sects of the same cargo cult.  They both insist that a unicorn-filled utopia will spontaneously emerge if the UK burns itself to the ground with #Brexit.  Remainers are cast as the amagogotya; the non-believers who threaten their prophecy. 
‘Just LEAVE UK then’ Peter Bone tells UPSET Remainer his solution to Brexit woe  
Is this DUP’s version of Enoch Powell becoming Ulster unionist Mp for south down? (And does Dup think it hasn’t owned Brexit enough?)  
Parris: “The silence of Tory MPs worried by Brexit is shameful but it will be broken only when someone emerges as their leader” @peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
Ineos got their "commit" from the UK government.  Who likely assured them that they would have no trouble removing the relevant fracking powers from Scotland through the Brexit Bill.  
I’m definitely considering ‘For Britain’ at next GE because:-Betrayal of our brave veterans Betrayal of our Brexit voteBetrayal in cutting immigrationBetrayal in deporting potential terroristsBetrayal on infrastructure (potholes etc)Betrayal in representing the people. 
  has been fined for breaching election law during the EU referendum.The Electoral Commission said the group failed to report “at least” £77,000 in its spending returns, taking it 10% over the limit 
This video needs to be spread far and wide. Please push! @peterkyle MP for Hove on #Brexit:- It won’t benefit the British people - I won’t support this Brexit- HMG has not delivered on their promises- They have no right to expect Parliament to open the door for it  
Cameron called the 2016 referendum for reasons of party management alone. Theresa May might have no choice in the end but to welcome another.  
The line in Jonathan's take that resonates for me is that Brexit "cannot satisfy the demands of reality because it was only ever designed to exist in the imagination".  
Absolutely brilliant writing by @MarinaHyde on Britain’s shambolic Brexit strategy.Worth reading. 
Look sunshine, Leavers were promised a quick, clean, non disruptive Brexit that delivered the exact same benefits as now with sunlit uplands as well. They were not told it would all be great in 45 years. It only needed 600,000 to have voted the other way if you’d been honest. 
Stone Staffordshire. Brit over from France to visit his mum. Car with French plates vandalised. Local Police advised there had been a spate of attacks on foreign registered vehicles and racist graffiti appearing. #Brexit let the racist genie out the bottle.  
As #brexit falls off the rails the #Brexiters are getting more desperate, their rhetoric more violent, their words more abusive and insulting to society.  Their trolls are sinking to new levels. The pressure is rising. I sense tension in the air, it is a dangerous atmosphere 
Unionist leaders reject GFA parity for Irish national identity (eg language), demand supposed equal partners accept "national" Brexit vote which isn't theirs & British forces impunity & recant their narrative, unilaterally stop commemorating dead & use Unionist nomenclature, etc.  
Please welcome our new friends: Farmers Against Brexit! Follow them pls. And if you are a farmer... introduce yourself!   
Neil Kinnock: It would be a serious evasion of duty if Labour failed to seize this chance to protect our country from the rockslide of hard Brexit  
UK more racist after Brexit says UN. This is quite funny. https://  
The protagonists would not stop there. The softest possible exit requires alignment. It wouldn’t survive its first political shock - some obscure Directive that the DM whips up a campaign against. Charlie - we’d still be talking Brexit for 30+ years. 
Scottish Government makes 200 European links in effort to counter damage from Tory hard Brexit. BBC Scotland says: ‘eh, what, when?’  
Just to be clear. The UN rapporteur is *not* saying there was no racism before Brexit. Nor even that racism is worse now than in the 70s. She’s saying that Brexit, austerity and immigration policy has made it worse. And she’s right! 
The Left's influence on the media used to be more-or-less hidden. Now just look at the the number of celebs that've come out against Brexit, Trump etc. Hollywood, a nasty place, is completely bent politically. Film-makers are trying to bend our heads towards their Leftist vision. 
Hilarious to see how the Daily Heil is foaming at the mouth about the House of Lords’ Brexit amendments.They used to be so supportive of the “wisdom” of our second chamber.  
BREXITEERS: @Nigel_Farage shared stage with DUP’s @ianpaisleymp & @eastantrimmp at ‘Brexit and Beyond’ event in Northern Ireland. Looks like a class night!  
Too right.  Brexit is a public schoolboy prank gone catastrophically wrong.  Or put another way, toffs who are gambling with other people's estates...#brexitschoolboyprank  
The BBC are doing all they can to preserve the Kinnock families European Union pensions.Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn must change stance, says Lord Kinnock -  
JUSTIFYING A NON-JOBAccording to UN Special Rapporteur on Racism, Tendayi Achiume, declares that Britain's policies on austerity, immigration & terrorism are racist. Ms Achiume went on to say that the debate around Brexit worsened the problem.  
So easy & cheap to pin the blame for #Brexit on @JeremyCorbyn. But not one of these clowns can tell us HOW Jeremy can stop it. Because he can’t. They just don’t want JC in power and that’s what it is really about. Brexit belongs entirely to the Tories.  
Neil Kinnock first inspired me at a rally in #Barry #Vale when I was a kid - now his powerful words are doing the same again speaking up against this reckless Tory hard #Brexit @laboursinglemkt @WalesForEurope @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
On Brexit island it’s all getting a bit Lordships of the Flies - super stuff from @MarinaHyde 
Don’t worry me with facts - let alone suggest I actually visit the border I want to turn into a Brexit flashpoint  
This is the ridiculous perception of international organizations the man behind #brexit has. Says it all really.  
Imagine if what you wanted was a Wikipedia page that said, “British Prime Minister/Chancellor of the Exchequer 2017-2027”; but instead you end up with one that says, “Part of the criminal conspiracy that caused the Brexit Crisis of 2016-2018”.  
Corbyn won't listen to Neil Kinnock.Will he listen to the TUC, who say #Brexit threatens 100,000 jobs  in the North-East?About the same number of mining jobs were lost in the NE between 1981 & 2004 {101,000).The effects were devastating. 
UK ports body says it is ‘ready for Brexit’  
Next month will be the two year anniversary of the #Brexit vote. Two years on and still not heard a single tangible and measurable benefit that the ordinary man in the street will get from leaving the EU. Millions of #Leavers out there, surely somebody has a benefit they will get 
Brexit in a box------ sums it up nicely  
At least Bucks Fizz were making their mind up... @BrookesTimes on #Eurovision & #Brexit  
Well we do our best putting our country first despite deselection, abuse from all quarters & death threats. But Parris is right moderate Tory MPs now must be as brave as my fellow #Mutineers #Brexit 
“A friend of mine once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for 8 and a half hours. Every 10 minutes – a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy.”Amazing @MarinaHyde 
Never allow a Brexiter to pose as a patriot. Brexit is what an enemy would do to Britain.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Twitter #eurovision drinking gameTake a drink everytime you see someone mention:- Brexit - “why is Australia in Eurovision” - an American questioning what Eurovision is - a British person saying we’re not in Europe anymore let’s leave - “it’s all politcal anyway” 
#marr Every political program on BIAS BBC there’s a bloody guardian journalist bore on. All they do is say hate Brexit & and hate Donald Trump. Run country down non stop, talk doom & gloom. Every guardian journalist FFS. Ellie May O’ Hagan on Marr. Then Gaby Hinsliff on BBCSP.  
This poll is being widely shared but also misdescribed by some. People gave these answers as top issues "facing the EU" but give different answers if asked for top issues facing their country.  eg UK national priorities.1. NHS2. Brexit3. Immigration4. Crime  
The madness will not be stopped by a further referendum.  That will prolong and intensify the madness.  It ends with us leaving EU on softest terms available.  Only once we’ve left can the UK and EU have a sensible discussion about an enduring close open relationship.  
Relationship between those  who advocate for a ‘smart’ @BorderIrish and knowledge of technology. #brexit  
Second, because the same or similar rules will govern future election and referendum spending. And we need to know whether – as @SteveBakerHW claimed in an email – Vote Leave found a loophole in those rules. /17 
The world has already made up its mind about Brexit Britain!  
The case is incredibly important for two reasons. First, because Vote Leave was the official campaigner in the Referendum and if it broke the rules MPs set down MPs must know (see this thread ). /16 
Brexit is the culmination of years of weak and unchallenging interviewing: Farage is the text book example of this 
We have believed this since 2016, but Leave supporters didn’t. Will they now that an independent body, the UN, shares its findings?Racism has always been there. Brexit normalised it and encourages it to be acceptable.It isnt.#Brexitisracist 
Brexit has made racism more acceptable, UN warns  
Most people hadn't the faintest idea what they were voting for which is why a simple majority referendum on such a serious constitutional issue was the political blunder of the century -courtesy of the oaf Cameron.  
There's a lot more out there to sign, 162,000 strong and climbing but it's only the tip of the iceberg.Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
And it's going to get a lot worse after Brexit#YouYesYet SCOTLAND 
I stand with .@SODEMAction I do not respect the result of the advisory referendum which is now being paraded as a mandatory one. It’s a con. It’s rubbish #BinBrexit #OptionToRemain #Stopbrexit 
Excellent article - solid, realistic, common sense solutions #Brexit #EFTA 
Brexit involved:- Cambridge Analytica - Russian bots - Leave campaigns lying and cheating - Misinformation and myths- Suspected criminal activity - That red bus And they called it the will of the people What a sham of a democratic process 
We need him now.    ‘Rees-Mogg has a VERY REAL chance of becoming PM!’ Brexit expert in GLOWING recommendation  
And here’s another one. “Brexit, austerity and immigration policies 'have made UK more racist'” Who else is getting sick to the stomach of this garbage?   
Excellent speech by @peterkyle in House of Commons yesterday on giving the vote to 16 & 17 year-olds. Lots of Conservative support. This should start with the #peoplesvote on Mrs May’s Brexit treaty  
Reporter (Daily Telegraph): My nanny called them pissenlitReporter (Daily Mail): Foul-mouthed Rant by EU Border Causes OutrageReporter (Sun): ‘PISS OFF BREXIT!’ Irish Border Must Be StoppedReporter (Irish Times): We have a Weekend feature on an Irish organic dandelion farm 
It turns out the EU Referendum Vote Leave majority doesn’t exist because the referendum campaigners broke the law.Being an advisory & not a compulsorily referendum demanding action, its result can’t be overturned, there being no action consequent to it.In no sense ... 
Hey, John Humphrys, more than 6,000 people now think you're not fit to report on Brexit on @BBCr4today... and would like you to talk about your associations with the editor of the Daily Mail 
This is an old article but well worth a read on how brexit is not the will of the people (and never really was).Since then polling only further supports the argument as more and more leavers and abstainers have become #Remainernow We need a #peoplesvote 
Reporter: Irish Border, you are on the receiving end of abuse and anger during this Brexit debate. How do you cope?Me: I’m used to it. I’m covered in dandelionsReporter: How does that ...Local man (walking past): Morning border. Fair oul crop of piss-the-beds this year 
John Humphries desperately trying to find a country which will follow us out of the door- trouble is Brexiters, Brexit has simply boosted support for EU membership as others watch out descent into irrelevance and penury. #bbcr4today 
Thinking about writing ‘Brexit means Brexit’ on my EU Law exam paper and just dashing it at the examiner 
Sir John Major savages Theresa May's Brexit strategy and predicts PM's customs plan is doomed to fail #Peoplesvote via @Telegraph 
My bit on the Tories’ week in Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg brilliantly CORRECTS angry BBC presenter during heated Brexit row  
It’s incredibly frustrating that @UKLabour aren’t getting behind another vote. It is not a perfect solution, but we are wading deeper into territory we can’t resolve, & we can’t wait until we leave the EU to admit that. Come on Labour frontbench. For the country’s sake. #Brexit  
#BBCQT Tory plant identifiedOnce again the BBC is busted for its #Brexit pro-Tory bias. This crooked organisation doesn't deserve tax payers funding. It is a Tory party front, one that Goebels himself would have been proud of.  via @skwawkbox 
About 40% of Lewisham voters voted Brexit. And about 30% of people didn’t vote in the last General Election. I want to give a voice to those people, and to the people left behind by Labour, the Tories, and UKIP. RT #forbritain @AMDWaters @ForBritainParty 
Good to see UK ports and the private sector generally getting ready for Brexit. Sensible preparations will help us manage the risks and grasp the opportunities.UK ports body says it is ‘ready for Brexit’  via @FT 
Why? Unless your father is a terrorist-loving, anti-British, deluded pseudo-Marxist, with a secret love of Brexit, and a penchant for providing safe harbour to chronic anti-Semites, you’ve got no reason to feel this way. 
‘Rees-Mogg has a VERY REAL chance of becoming PM!’ Brexit expert in GLOWING recommendation  
“The environment leading up to the referendum, the environment during the referendum, & the environment after the referendum has made racial and ethnic minorities more vulnerable to racial discrimination and intolerance.” UN Special Rapp on Racism.  
Welsh exports to non-EU countries is growing faster than to the EU - Brexit will be great for Wales, says @MattSmithWales 
UK has seen 'Brexit-related' growth in racism, says UN representative  
I have reliably learnt that it's these rotten poles and glass insulators that are causing prolonged power outages in Kainuk, Kalemng'orok, Katilu & Lokichar areas of Turkana South-for 2 weeks now! Privatising @KenyaPower should be part of the referendum question. @MboyaApollo 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at 161,989 and rising. Time we had a vote on getting rid of these unelected lords who have turned their backs on democracy and the people. 
There will be growth after Brexit, they said. Yeah, growth in racism, xenophobia, hostility and hatred. 
I see one or two racists are upset that the UK is reported as being more racist after Brexit. 
Brexit, the gift that keeps giving. Economic decline, the reduction of our influence and reputation on the world stage, the debasement of our politics and now how we treat each other. The rise of racism. This must end! pic.twitter.com/6FzdbSnfTx 
Dear @BBCNews - your Brexit bias is going way over the top. You have lost the confidence of the public to deliver balanced reports on U.K. politics#BrexitFraud 
‘Norway for now’ is where Brexit is currently headed - but those fjords & glaciers are treacherous & I’d prefer to admire them from a distance inside the EU  
Like Brexit, a bridge into deep fog  
Nigel Farage will start a petition to secure Donald Trump the Nobel Peace Prize.Nigel Farage, the Putin-backed Brexit leader, who visited Julian Assange in the midst of the entire Trump/Russia conspiracy, and happens to Fish with Dana Rohrabacher...  
It has been two decades since the U.K. won the Eurovision contest, and lately some voices have agitated for a Brexit-style withdrawal from the event. The results from a new study suggest that this might be a bad idea.  
Every day Brexit dies a little bit more. Just a bit. #FBPE 
Presumably HM “Opposition” will hold the government to account and call for the 2016 #Brexit referendum to be nullified, as per the rules.Oh wait.  It's Corbyn.  Silly me.#VeniceCommission 
Daniel Hannan has noticed that Brexit isn’t going well. And he blames Remainers and the left  Do not let the Brexit charlatans get away with it. Hannan and his unicorn chasers own this mess entirely. 
Former Referendum Council says either abandon constitutional reform efforts altogether or fully adopt the Uluru Statement from the Heart’s recommendations.  via @svfitzpatrick 
We Never lost our freedom. Don't try to tell me what being occupied by an enemy power is like cos you haven't a F clue. My parents lived under German occupation. My father starving in the Channel Islands. UK never lived under occupation. How will you be freer post brexit  
BJP has described Modi Ji as the reincarnation of Lord Rama. Amit Shah, of Lakshmana and Adityanath, a bachelor as the reincarnation of Hanuman.Let today's election in Karnataka be a referendum on whether voters believe if these three individuals are really Gods reborn!! 
To annul a vote means the result is not effected: the winner doesn't win. But an advisory referendum is an opinion. It doesn't have a winner, so can't be annulled. All the electoral law breach means is an already discredited referendum is even more discredited. It's tricky to get  
Attention hypocrites who sacralize democracy but hate democratic outcomes like Trump and Brexit.  
#Burundi: @_AfricanUnion's Chairperson @AUC_MoussaFaki writes to EAC Chairman @KagutaMuseveni to ring bells on the grave dangers of a constitutional "referendum" that buries gains of the Arusha Peace Accord that AU, Pres. Museveni, and many other African HoS are guarantors of.  
UK should quit Eurovision after Brexit, says Tory MP Michael Fabricant  
I literally couldn’t invent a more ridiculous opposition to Brexit   
Has this been referred to the Venice Commission of the EU ?The UK is a member and they have the powers to rule a referendum void if there is excessive overspend.  
Betrayal: Irish priest group refuses to tell Catholics how to vote on pro-abortion referendum  
If #Facebook's 'investigation' was focused solely on ads placed only in the UK, perhaps they did find just $1 Dollars worth... Maybe it slipped their minds to look closer to home? 14 January 2016: Ad Targeting Location: United Kingdom, United States.Ad Spend: 19,414,75 RUB: 
@Andrew_Adonis @carolecadwalla @guyverhofstadt  This one must deserve an urgent  letter to the Director General,  Molly, would you not agree ? The BBC is acting like a "bad loser"  now that , as you have explained today,  it is clear that there simply is no mandate for "brexit" 
Technically inept or....? April 26, 2018: #Facebook's Chief Technical Officer, Mike Schroepfer, tells @CommonsCMS they found just $1 of Russian spend in the run up to the #EURef. 
UK has seen 'Brexit-related' growth in racism, says UN representative.UN special rapporteur on racism says ‘extreme views’ have gained ground in Britain since vote.Just disgusting. So much for “Global Britain”.Call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
“A friend at university once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for eight and a half hours. Can you imagine? Every 10 minutes– a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy”  
"Brexit’s architects will eventually tell us that the problem wasn’t Brexit itself, but the way Brexit was done. A lot of people still reckon the same about communism" Marina Hyde  
#Brexit will cripple Labour's ability to implement its plans and will force the country to go cap in hand to beg international capitalists to invest here. The Tory ERG & allies are the only ones who understand what #Brexit is about. The other Brexiters are their useful idiots. 
If you think Brexit is the end of the story, you're wrong. First it was the EU, now it's the UN.Both institutions were reactions to WW2. Governments do bad stuff. Supranational structures were needed to keep countries from mistreating citizens, either foreign or domestic. 
3 times in the past few months I've had people tell me "Wouldn't it be best to just let Brexit happen, otherwise Farage will just get back on his soapbox"3 times I've said "It won't stop with EU migrants, it'll be Muslims etc next. "First they came for x; then they came for me""  
Using Parliamentary privilege to fight the Brexit war is an abuse of power  
"if spending cap exceeded by significant margin, vote must be annulled"Para 24 Venice Convention: Brexit doomed? 
Sorry, Diane, but you might as well fight for a Brexit that changes your sheets every week or a Brexit that gives everyone a dog that shits chocolate. It’s just not possible. pic.twitter.com/RSzquR1MD6 
Your three Brexit choices, and what they'll cost you!  
So girls! If you’re joining me — and a large number of brilliant other women, incl @eloisetodd, @JMPSimor, @Women_4_Europe, @NinaParker and @Elenauk — in London *this* Sunday to take a stand against Brexit, I trust you’ll be well prepared   I’ve found just the thing for us xx  
Well @UKLabour are you going to change your Brexit policy or are you going to damage the lives of UK workers and the nation? #LabourBrexit 
Q: Why did 17.4m vote Brexit?A: Because of meddling from the likes of UN sponsored Californian law professors from Zambia who spend a few days in the UK in order to tell them they’re racist.  
What nonsense. These MPs acted with conscience and stood up for the people in the North East whose livelihoods will be worst damaged in the country by ANY Brexit. They should be welcomed on your platform for representing the views of 69% of Labour voters.  
Neil Kinnock: It would be a serious evasion of duty if Labour failed to seize this chance to protect our country from the rockslide of hard Brexit.#FBPE 
You respect the "democratic outcome of the referendum". But that was to *remain* - once votes of those British ex-pats living in the EU, who were excluded, and the EU27 nationals living in the UK, who were excluded, are added in, which is essential if result is to be *democratic*  
.@Theresa_May, Just nine months to go before #Brexit. You have failed to unite the country. You must now listen to the 48% who want a united, inclusive UK and EU. 75% of our young voters want to remain. To fail them now will harm our country for generations to come. 
Try saying this in the @HouseofCommons & you’ll be howled down by a braying mob of Tories so it’s good to hear the #UN Special Rapporteur on #Racism tell it how it is. #Windrush is just the tip of the iceberg #Brexit  
Theresa May might be teflon coated, but she can't hold back the tide. We are headed towards a constitutional crisis and she knows it. The majority of the UK no longer want #Brexit. It will ruin our economy. It was obtained illegally. Its days are numbered. Good night! 
On Brexit island it’s all getting a bit Lordships of the Flies.Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg are realising their dream isn’t working out. So Brexiters have turned on the House of Lords.The peers are with the people. Call a #PeoplesVote to #Remain. 
Ireland's referendum is on stripping away the human rights, or not, of Ireland's preborn children, all of them. That's what the 8th Amendment does, recognise their human right to be alive. 'Repeal' kills. Vote No & save lives, thousands upon thousands of them. 
So basically we finish the week expected to believe that the House of Lords, the Judiciary, the latest opinion polls and now the @ElectoralCommUK are all rubbish and the Bad Boys of Brexit, John Humphrys and the Daily Mail are all just spiffing. 
Umm... In the 2014 Indy referendum, Scotland did vote to remain. The problem in Scotland is that our remain vote was ignored.  
I wonder if anyone who has ever worked with Johnson, Gove or Hannan could genuinely affect surprise that Brexit has turned out to be such an unmitigated disaster? 
Fraud unravels everything: Brexit is voidable and Article 50 can be revoked  via @LSEpoliticsblog 
Good to see @UKLabour leadership fully on board with the cross party campaign led by @theSNP to protect Scotland’s devolved settlement from #EUWithdrawalBill.  Time for @ScotTories to reconsider #Brexit  
The Guardian front page, Saturday 12 May 2018: Brexit vote has made Britain more racist, says UN expert  
And now... Britain's entry:  F*cks BritzNot just our skirts.. Tory Brexiteers will rip away - Everything!Nul points#Tories #Brexit #Eurovision  
Saturday's Times: "UK 'more racist after #Brexit'" #tomorrowspaperstoday 
1) An absolutely cracking exposure of @DanielJHannan and his #Brexit foolishness.  This is what happens when you spend your life campaigning to only to destroy something, and when you are prepared to lie with dogs to get the win. 
These reports are significant because they are in pro Brexit right-wing newspapers...  
Google’s choice “scandalous” and “an attempt to rig the referendum.”  
THE TIMES: UK ‘more racist after Brexit’ #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Today a leading #Brexit *economist* sd Brexit will screw us for 10yrs, but we shld lie back & think of England, the good we're doing our country & the world.They're not pretending anymore. #Brexit is openly presented like a medieval religion: suffer for the greater good.NO THX  
Brexit  
Why the EU referendum result must not be allowed to stand.  
Senior Tory MP: “Black Wednesday toxified the Conservative brand for 15 years, how long do you think Brexit will toxify it for....!?” 
And yet HMG and the entire British state echo the mantra Brexit means Brexit. Extraordinary times with no obvious resolution in sight sadly.  
Not a matter of if, but when #Brexit will collapse. Great read; terrifying but very well informed excellent analysis:  
Jacob Rees-Mogg:"So either UK Govt or Irish Govt has to decide that it wants to implement a hard border.Both Govts have said they do NOT wish to, so who is going to do this?Is it some sort of Phantom Govt that's going to do this?"#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Dominic Grieve MP on a #PeoplesVote: “There is an argument, at the end of all this, for asking the public: is this what you really want?The difficulty with the 2016 referendum was that we asked an abstract question and people gave an abstract answer.”  
Once something is put on the internet, it's out there for ever.Good.I want this there for ever:Brexit is insane, it's a disaster, it's a far right coup enabled by an anachronistic & feeble opposition leader & I totally oppose it. I also apologise to the next generation for it. 
If the civil service stopped trying to fight #Brexit and just got on with it, things would be going a lot better for Number 10.  
I love the photo! As for me, I suffer from a different BDS - Brexit Derailment Syndrome, a conviction that Brexit can and will be stopped  
Brexit or Remain? Can you spare a few seconds for an update please?If there was a General Election, or a Referendum, tomorrow - what would you vote for? It would be helpful if you could RT when you have voted please, thank you. 
h/t to @gavinsblog who spotted the new function this AM, and some other friends in Ireland who helped out checking some of this stuff. Facebook is testing its new transparency tools in Ireland ahead of the country's referendum on abortion in two weeks   
1 @Plaid_Cymru propose Continuity Bill to stop UK Govt power grab post-Brexit2 Scottish & Welsh Govts agree3 Negotiations with UK4 Labour in Wales give in with Tory & UKIP support. 5 SNP fight on with Scot Lab support6 Corbyn backs Scot Lab7 Welsh Lab: “Just act normal.” 
The customs row is beyond absurd but, strangely, it makes complete sense in terms of the fundamental paradox of Brexit politics. My latest blog post:  
It's not just that Putin tried to interfere in our elections and #Brexit. It's also that he used fear of refugees, fake 'rape' allegations and Islamphobia to do it. I really don't get why some otherwise honourable people are so complacent about this.  
We have been fighting with all our might. But we are winning now. Not long before Brexit is gone from our lives. #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
UN official says Brexit 'has made the UK more racist'  
“A friend of mine at university once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for eight and a half hours. Every 10 minutes – a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy.”   
The House of Lords is practically the only state institution which has not signed up to ‘Brexit means Brexit’ - which is why the Daily Mail & the Conservative Party now want to destroy it 
 has been fined for breaching election law during the EU referendum.The Electoral Commission said the group failed to report “at least” £77,000 in its spending returns, taking it 10% over the limit.  
On Brexit island it’s all getting a bit Lordships of the Flies  
16 year olds should be allowed to vote.a) In Scotland 16 year olds were allowed to vote in the independence referendum b) They are now more politically engaged via social mediac) The UK needs to engage in politics from a young age particularly amongst a disenfranchised group 
My main 2 criticisms of the Tory Party is that it should be much more bold in defending a small state, low taxes, freer markets etc & far less authoritarian.Secondly, they should be more ambitious with Brexit & not let it be a damage limitation exercise. 
Enjoying a great night with @Nigel_Farage in Ballymena hosted by our @duponline North/South/East Antrim Members of Parliament @ianpaisleymp @eastantrimmp @PaulGirvanMP #Brexit  
#bbcaq please ask Liam Fox to quantify (i) how much Brexit has made or lost the UK since the ref, (ii) just one tangible gain from brexit in the next 5 years. In £, how, and when. Waffle not accepted, just numbers. 
This is a superb analysis of the current Brexit situation. There's a lot of great comment on Brexit just now, but @jonlis1 sets a very high bar (knowledge + acuity of analysis + readability) for others to live up to! 
Krishnan Guru-Murthy reporting that Banks and Wigmore ran away from a @Channel4News team in Ballymena, Farage is also over there on a DUP fundraiser....Tubby running is a news item itself @krishgm ....birds of a feather.... 
Electoral Commission found the Leave campaign overspending by 70 grand the limits imposed on expenditure while campaigning for #Brexit That same commission saw nothing wrong when Blair & Co overspent by about 10 million using cash for peerages to win the general election in 2005. 
In Britain's EU referendumCampaigners had funds and could spendumBut now a reviewShows Thinks rules are for Leavers to bendum.#brexit #EURef 
"but what can Corbyn do? #Brexit is a Tory problem..."Well, he could stop supporting a result gained by illegal means and draw attention to this for a start.He's going to whip his MPs to support a result gained through corruption and dark moneyIt's that simple  
So is this piece of evidence now being added to a dossier of evidence to finally suggest that our referendum was in fact not our referendum but a referendum owned and influenced by illegal means? 
Brexit’s getting a bit third-Stone-Roses-album at this stage. 
I see Remainers got upset that I mentioned that all kiddies fiddlers are against #Brexit It didn't upset them when their like branded all those who voted to leave the EU racists, haters, homophobes and Islamophobes. That sounded perfectly normal for these sick and twisted loons. 
First I had to praise Vince Cable, then Mandleson, then Polly Toynbee, and now Kinnock! What has Brexit done to me!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg brilliantly CORRECTS angry BBC presenter during heated Brexit row  
John Major thinks Theresa May will fail to find an alternative to the customs union after Brexit  
The EU is the slowest growing trade area in the world.Absolutely the last people you'd choose to run UK's trade policies.Viva Brexit - the Harder the Better!  
We knew the #Brexit #Referendum was (narrowly) won on the basis of a pack of lies and with a questionable franchise. We recently learned about data abuse. And now we know the #Leave campaign cheated on the spending... 
Balance of power in #Labour increasingly looks to me like backing - or at least not obstructing - final #Brexit deal TMay brings back. If so, she's home free. 
Delighted to welcome @Nigel_Farage  to ‘Brexit & Beyond’ in Ballymena.  
Should we have a #FinalSayForAll on the final #BrexitDeal? Retweet Poll.#EU #Brexit #UK 
A number of Independent TDs gathered earlier this week to call for a No vote in the forthcoming referendum on the Eighth Amendment.  
Sorry Andrew, count me out. I'm not prepared to die, or eat rats, or whatever it is you expect us all to do for the glorious Brexit Fatherland. Is it just ultra-libertarians like you who'll get to live in New Zealand, or can we all go?  
"A friend of mine at university once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for eight and a half hours. Can you imagine? Every 10 minutes – a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy." (Marina Hyde) 
It has been two decades since the U.K. won the Eurovision contest, and lately some voices have agitated for a Brexit-style withdrawal from the event. The results from a new study suggest that this might be a bad idea.  
I categorically state that I do not respect the result of an advisory referendum based on lies & false promises. One that was called recklessly to appease Tory infighting, won with the slimmest of majorities, offering no plan as to what would happen if we actually leave. So No. 
One thing our referendum has taught UK is that Career MP's and Lords no longer believe in the democratic vote of the people. Time to dump THEIR FPTP GE voting system that only now allows UK a two party state. This has led to corruption as we have seem.  
Sir John Major talking sense on Brexit. Brexiters are proposing ideas that are at best unworkable and at worst dangerous - they could lead to a hard border reinstated in Ireland.Our best option is a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
This is first time I’ve heard a senior political commentator so starkly confirm what I believed Referendum choice really was about: EU Superstate or UK Sovereignty. Thank God we got out when we did and the British people saw through Project Fear … 
Hannah Arendt, one of the foremost authorities on the political psychology of Nazism explained how a climate of lies can destroy democracy. And it is precisely such a climate of lies which the Trump-Brexit right-wing politicians & press are creating.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Scotland now requires to get out of the U.K.We need to plot our own course. We can no longer be subject to the English Parliament's increasingly fascist dogma.Labour mirrors Tory UKG policies on the economy, Brexit & Trident, Ireland, etc,etc.  
If you’d stuck with it, you wouldn’t be so surprised by how badly Brexit’s going. And you would have heard me predict many, many times that people like you would soon be trying to pin the blame on people like me. Like you did today. But no thanks. Not for you.  
Watching those Olympic Rings coming together in 2012, I couldn’t have felt more proud to be British. Seeing the state of my country since Brexit, it’s difficult to feel anything other than ashamed.  
'A REMAIN win in the 2016 Brexit referendum could have resulted in Europhiles forcing Britain into a United States of Europe, warned former minister Michael Portillo. ' 
Theresa May's biggest problem is not a cabinet split, but the lack of time to negotiate a Brexit deal  
Still can't believe Corbyn's line on Brexit is being defended on the basis it will improve his electability. You reckon it's ok to support a policy that will damage the economic security of millions because it might help your man into office? Seriously? Seriously? 
Thank you for not shutting up, @matthewparris3. You are so much wittier, cleverer and nicer than the brexit oafs. Being right matters and you are right.  
So @acgrayling has drawn attention to this. Since  has been charged with breaking the Venice Commissions Code the referendum can be declared void.So now the question really is can the UK Gov legally carry on with #Brexit ?  
So for them a questionable Referendum result with bizarre franchise & false promises must deliver a hard Brexit as the people have spoken & there's no going  but they themselves are above electoral law aimed at delivering a level playing field, & fair result. Sickening frankly!  
‘UK has seen 'Brexit-related' growth in racism, says UN representative.’Two years ago, we would read about increased racism in other countries and shake our heads.Now, other countries shake their heads at us.  
I’m in @hotpress lads! Roaring at ye about #Repeal8th.  And in such good company!If nothing else,I’ll be sad when the referendum is over. I’ll have nothing to talk about ( jk - I’ll be so happy when all this is over)  
Yasmin Alibhai-Brown: Brexit Driving Me To Edge of Madness  
Splits in the cabinet over Brexit are simply the latest manifestations of a divide that has paralysed the Conservatives – and the country – for decades. @steverichards14 explains more. 
We're always told Canadians are these very sensible people with a disposition for well-run government. But the Ontario election is basically a referendum on whether the voters of our largest province have any standards for their government at all, beyond getting things from it. 
I can’t imagine why a Brexit plan that revolves around 27 countries meeting all our demands even to their own detriment was destined to fail. 
And they tried to tell us Putin had no impact on #Brexit. Look again... @J_amesp @carolecadwalla 
The UN says Brexit exploited existing racism and caused greater racism.The UN. The actual UN.So don't tell me it wasn't about race. Don't tell me you're right and the whole world is wrong. 
The referendum is void. Brexit is over. Government and Parliament must accept the full implications of the Electoral Commission’s adjudication and the breach of the Venice Code by which the UK is bound. 
Smallholder, veterinary surgeon and German national living in Kent, having felt the decline of farming in my area (BSE, F&M, supermarkets) I fear Brexit will kill my community and my income. 
It's plain there is no mandate for Brexit. One side broke the rules massively and under the Venice Commission rules, to which we a signatory, that voids the result. Any attempt to push through Brexit now is illegal and unconstitutional. 
Brexit, austerity and immigration policies 'have made UK more racist'  
‘Brexit means Brexit’ will be remembered as one of the sickest and most dishonourable phrases ever uttered by a British politician. 
This from @MarinaHyde: ‘A friend of mine at university once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for 8 1/2 hours. Can you imagine? Every 10 minutes – a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy.’ 
May should have been honest. Brexit means chaos, tyranny, economic and reputational decline, companies leaving, isolation & racial hatred. 
Please DON'T retweet this picture of unethical lying BBC journalist & Hard Brexit fan Andrew Neil in his vest... He hates it when you do ¯\(ツ)/¯  
“A friend of mine once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for eight and a half hours. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy.”  
Dominic Grieve “This is a personal opinion..But I think there is an argument, for asking the public: is this what you really want? ...difficulty with the 2016 referendum - asked an abstract question & people gave an abstract answer.”  
This happened when @MarkCarruthers7 asked Jacob Rees-Mogg whether he's visited the Irish border recently. Wonderful exposure of the "know nothing and why would I want to find out?" attitude of so many #Brexit fanatics. 
Brexit Explained  
A bad deal is bad, but a 'no deal' #Brexit is by far the worst. Our Government must secure the best deal for Britain, if it means staying in the customs union, the single market, or remaining in the EU altogether @Open_Britain @euromove @peoplesvote_uk @Andrew_Adonis 
Corbyn is making a huge gamble that people capable of being fooled into Brexit are capable of being fooled into Jobs First Brexit... 
A former #brexit supporter and #Leave campaigner changes his mind and has the courage to explain why... @Will_DryOFOC 
Ironic how Corbyn refuses to oppose Brexit so as to not lose supporters in the North-East, when that region will be hit harder than any other. One thing's for certain: if we leave the EU, Labour will not be able to rely on their votes in the years to come. 
UK has seen 'Brexit-related' growth in racism, says UN representative  
Make no mistake, If you desire Independence within 18 months, In keeping with the timescale set out by the FM, Once we know the full outcome of #Brexit, Then cast your vote @SNPChris #1. No if's, No but's. 
Wow. This important. Look at the geographical location this ad was targeted at. These are the Russian Facebook ads released yesterday by Congress. This one clearly targeted at UK during referendum period. And not declared by Facebook to parliament. Is that right, @DamianCollins? 
Nicky Morgan MP is planning to share an anti-Brexit platform with Sir N Clegg and D Miliband. Shades of Clarke and Heseltine sharing a pro-Euro stage with Blair in 1999. From which Clarke never really recovered. 
We've barely scraped the surface but in the run up to the #EURef there are a number of Russian #Facebook anti-immigration ads targeted directly at UK FB users, costing thousands of Rubles. This is not what FB told MPs @CommonsCMS. @ChrisM4Chester @IanCLucas @JoStevensLabour 
“A friend at university once pressed snooze on his alarm clock for eight & a half hours. Can you imagine? Every 10 minutes– a sort of torturous, self-punishing deferment that ends up being the worst of both worlds. This remains Britain’s Brexit strategy.”  
Nigel Farage - "Some Lords seem to think this EU is this wonderful thing just look at what is happening in Austria, Italy, Hungary and Germany."Actually the European model as it is currently constituted frankly, is not going to survive." #Brexit  
BFE: A new poll finds that 69% of Labour Supporters WANT a say on the Brexit deal in a #PeoplesVote We need YOU there, for the BIGGEST display of public feeling on Brexit since the Referendum! Register YOUR intention to come here:  pic.twitter.com/OtvW1l089j 
Interview: Dominic Grieve on Boris Johnson and BrexitHe been called a ‘traitor’ but he remains committed to softening our exit from the EU – & says it is time for the foreign secretary to go#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Carole Malone - "You and your unelected cronies have not only inflicted defeated on this Govt but on democracy. What you have done is insult democracy. You are an enemy of democracy." #Brexit  
On 29 March 2017 Theresa May said that "This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back"This was a shameless lie designed to deceive people into accepting #Brexit as a done deal.#LeaveLies have destroyed Brexit as a democratic process.#StopBrexit 
Corbyn is as big a Leaver as FarageJeremy Corbyn dismisses calls to back EEA membership after Brexit - Sky News#FBPE 
If the government defies the will of the people, the British people will elect a new government. If the Lords defy the will of the people, there is only one recourse: their abolition.#Brexit#AbolishTheLords 
Quick snap pollPlease retweetPoll only for24 hrsAbout voting in the Referendum.Who knew better what they were voting for 
Carole Malone on House of Lords:“Not a single Briton voted for you.You and your unelected cronies have not only inflicted defeat on this Govt but on democracy.What you have done is INSULT democracy.You are an ENEMY of democracy"#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Esther McVey MP - "When people don’t like referendum one they will go for referendum two, three, four until they get the answer they want." #Brexit  
Today I spoke in favour of votes at 16. 16-17 year olds proved themselves in the 2014 referendum.We need to encourage democratic participation through education and civic engagement. Votes at 16 will help with this. @ScotTories 
Oh look, a yes campaigner to be interviewed by a yes campaigner about the referendum in a taxpayer funded institution. #8thref 
Michael Portillo - "I think the thing that really matters about leaving the EU is that we separate ourselves completely from the movement towards a European federal state." #Brexit  
A Brexit Tory MP opposes more democracy because it may deliver a result he doesn't like. Simon Clarke MP could not oppose democracy more bitterly.  
Brexit is far too important to be left to the Government. Join us in demanding a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.  
'You're an ENEMY of democracy' Carole Malone goes BERSERK against Brexit-thwarting peers  
Brexit blocker Lord Heseltine pocketing £90,000 a year in EU land subsidies  
Truth is Yasmin you’ve been barking for a long timeYou are racistYou attack Brexit all the timeYour articles are not remotely interestingAnd you would not be missed if you disappeared.So do us a favour...........  
In the 13 years since US-Aus free-trade deal, trade is up by 50% & investment by 130%.This is the sort of growth Britain is missing out on because of EU customs union.And if we remain in any such customs trap after #Brexit, we'll pretty much stay where we are.#NoCustomsTrap 
#Donetsk today,the people of the #DPR celebrate #RepublicDay,Four Years ago on May 11 a Referendum took place in the #Donbass,where residents voted for independence by an absolute Majority and Withdrew from #Ukraine,more than 35,000 people took part. 
Another treasonous Lord held to account. They don’t like it up um - at least in their old age!#brexit #fbpe 
BODY BLOW FOR EU.  Italy votes for a gov. that is anti euro, anti immigration and anti EU, 5 Star now in coalition with Ligas!  YAY!  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit 
Another insightful exploration of the current political stalemate (within cabinet!) over brexit policy from @chrisgreybrexit . Warning : contains logic. 
Another Russian #Facebook ad, dated 14/01/2016, and targeting FB users in the US *AND* the UK (remember FB told @CommonsCMS they only had evidence of £1 of Russian money spent in the UK!!). Would have #VoteLeave or #LeaveEU balked at using this type of propaganda? Answer: No: 
Brexit Explained  
The slide into obscurity of Pete North continues. Tho is his new low. And to think I used to think he was one of the more credible Brexiters. I suppose true colours will always out eventually. So frustrated with the Brexit debate he is reduced to this.Shameful.  
.@jeremycorbyn’s silence on supporting the campaign to remain in the single market speaks volumes. He's declaring that the UK public has no choice but to accept the Tories’ hard #Brexit. @LibDems are the only party offering a final say on the deal & a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
Brexit is a huge opportunity! Politicians like @ChukaUmunna need to get behind this great country to make it a success. 
Had a great time as joint guest of the day on @daily_politics! Brexit means leaving the customs union - it's time to get on with it  #bbcdp #TakeControl 
That’s been blindingly obvious since before the referendum Mr Gove. You should have listened to those experts you so arrogantly dismissed. The EU doesn’t need us more than we need them...your Brexit is a pack of lies. #peoplesvote via @Telegraph 
Next time a Corbyn supporter tells you it's a "Tory Brexit", show them this  
Brexit is being used to stop the SNP and stop the independence movement.The same happened in 1974 with the McCrone Report to stop the SNP and nationalist movement.Wake up Scots before its too late!Not believe me? Watch this... 
My generation had John Hume to teach us and to navigate us through the pros and cons of the EEC all those years ago. Our children’s generation has nobody of Hume’s intellectual capacity to educate them on the pros and cons of Brexit.  
I see @Ryanair reaching a new low- hiking up prices the day of the #Repealthe8th referendum to hamper people going #HomeToVote ...I know michael o'leary doesn't give a 'rats arse' about his own dignity but he could about womens and change this ...#trustwomen 
An extremely mean-spirited article by @JonnElledge in which he totally fails to rebut @danieljhannan's well argued case that Brexit going wrong is all @JonnElledge's fault and not at all @danieljhannan's or anyone else who said it would all be fine 
Just one example of thousands of Russian #Facebook ads/groups - it's no great leap to imagine this propaganda translated to 'issues' pushed by the likes of #VoteLeave & #LeaveEU prior to the #EURef: @DamianCollins @carolecadwalla @profcarroll @peterjukes @podehaye @fascinatorfun 
Dan Hannan says "we broke it but we don't own it." But he helped Leave win the referendum, I can't understand why he has no sense of responsibility for what is happening. It sounds like he is saying "I never realised the consequences, it's not my fault"? 
UN expert on #racism Tendayi Achiume urges further action by #UK government to end discrimination, raising concerns over #Brexit-era hate crimes, Immigration Policy, Prevent programme: #FightRacism 
My bit on the Tories’ week in Brexit  
Ten signs that you have Brexit Derangement Syndrome and what to do about it. (My latest for Reaction @reactionlife) 
Our region’s future after Brexit is incredibly important. It’s amazing people who keep saying Labour’s a broad church are first to ban people attending events when they don’t agree with them. I’m the son of a miner and will be attending as usual. 
Massive respect to Dominic Grieve, who has consistently put his country before his party (and indeed his career) on Brexit. 
Two questions for everyone saying  's breaches of electoral law don't matter because they did not affect the referendum result1. How do you know?2. How many breaches of the law would it take to shake you out of complacency? 
Eurovision Song Contest ‘will justify hard Brexit’ 
To all who voted leave. You were lied to and it really is OK to change your mind and come and join us to fight Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
It’s important all breaches of electoral law are dealt with. But let’s not pretend  the  overspend had a material impact on the referendum result. The “we were robbed!” narrative is a self-comforting fiction. 
It’s a measure of the rank pointlessness of Brexit that the very best possible scenario if it happens (EEA+CU) still means a huge economic hit to the UK, the poorest regions and people made poorer, fewer rights, very little control, and massively diminished influence in the world 
Worrying to hear reports that #Brexit has caused significant numbers of nurses & midwives from Europe to quit the NHS last year. This news is deeply concerning. Our health service has been built & is maintained by the hard work of people from not just the UK but around the world. 
From my @thetimes column today: since the Brexit referendum real household disposable income per head is up 1.8% in the EU, up 1.3% in OECD countries but DOWN 0.3% in the UK. Biggest fall of any developed economy, including Greece  
Those ten years are not irrelevant, not to my children and not to all the other children for whom ten years may be longer than they have existed already. You can be a Brexit lemming all you like, but you will not take my children over the cliff of your rank ideology.  
I do agree with Nathan. It is not about #Catalonia Actually is about having the right to decide your own future. When 80% of the population aims for a referendum, politicians must facilitate it. It’s called #Democracy#indyref 
OH FOR FUCK’S SAKE“Fighting for a Brexit that puts jobs first”??!!How fucking STUPID do you think we are?“A Brexit that puts jobs first” is like “an earthquake that puts buildings first”. Brexit will HURT THE PEOPLE YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO BE WORKING FOR and you know it.  
Brexit is like King Lear remade by the Carry On team. 
#Leavers and #Remainers unite! We have all been conned. All of us are victims of the lies that were used to sell #Brexit to the nation. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s commentary on the @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page. Link:  pic.twitter.com/TZFsa7s51Z 
Could all have been so different had Scots not returned 13 members of a party based in London. Not one of them stands up for their voters or for Scotland. #Brexit #PowerGrab 
I suspect in ten years time Lilico will deny he ever voted for Brexit. 
Why is Iarfhlaith O’Neill always referred to as "a former chairman of the Referendum Commission during the Lisbon Treaty" and never as "a former legal adviser to the Pro-Life Amendment Campaign in 1983"? 
Dear Brexiteers,Speaking on behalf of all remoaners I would like to apologise to you for not having a plan to make Brexit a success, in our defence - it's really your problem to solve.LoveThe Remoaners. 
Seeking commitment from USA to see the full implementation of the GFA. The threats posed by Brexit, and the need for America to stand with the Irish govt in relation to its protection was high on the agenda.  
Brexit is a national crisis. We need a compromise solution | Stephen Hammond  
Rees-Mogg: I need not visit Northern Ireland to understand Brexit issue  
Cheat! The BREXIT referendum was not conducted 'in accordance with constitutional requirements', as required by article 50.  
I'm genuinely shocked when I hear people saying "Let's make Brexit day an annual celebration in the future". Really, you expect people to celebrate something they voted against?  
Dominic Grieve on Boris Johnson and Brexit: ‘He should resign. Yes’  
“The Lords’ war on Brexit should be causing public uproar. These people are drunk on their own power and prejudices and are determined to stymie the largest democratic vote in British history. It’s time for abolition.”Brendan O’Neill in @spectator 
Time to put Corbyn right on #Brexit. No Labour leader shld be overriding 3/4 of his membership & ignoring the overwhelming Maj of the Ppl who didn't back or weren't given a say on this #BrexitShambles.Binding #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit option. #ABTV  
Chucked this into a Brexit Supporter Facebook Group...and then just sat back and laughed at the comments. I was banned after for calling them all idiots.  
There is no good #Brexit. Hard Brexit or soft Brexit it is still Brexit. 
BREXIT: “What about the £9m Cameron spent on Remain leaflets?” is the British version of “but her emails.”  
Hard-Brexit AHEAD: Chances of UK walking away from Brexit talks are 'INCHING UP' daily  
Remember, David Cameron spent £9 million to send out a campaign leaflet before #EURef.British tax-payer money was spent to represent only one side of a two-option referendum.Remain groups can spend as much as they want unquestioned but Leave groups easily fined?#Brexit  
Yasmin Alibhai-Brown: Brexit Driving Me To Edge of Madness  via @GuidoFawkes 
"For Rajoy’s executive, a referendum, even if it is agreed, would be illegal". This is an opinion not embedded in Spanish law. When will Rajoy’s executive start acting within the Spanish law? #Catalonia 
I understand why the big Pro-Brexit organisations who (over)spent fortunes on their 2016 victory are terrified of a #PeoplesVote where people would actually get to look at Brexit in black'n'white.  
OUTRAGEOUS- please RT for media visibility: leading Brexit thinktank @BrugesGroup now retweeting openly racist cartoons. Just like ’s promotion of Powell speech, the mask has now completely slipped off the Brexit campaign- is this the UK we want to live in?  
The vote was rigged, LeaveEU have been fined for breaking election law. Their CEO is about to be asked some very serious questions by Met Police. Cambridge Analytica interfered with the result and Vote Leave and BeLeave colluded illegally.The referendum is invalid.  
Excellent insight. This is exactly what two #Lexiters in my family (SWPers who only joined Labour to back Corbyn) said before the #Brexit vote: "Yes, it means voting with Farage, BUT after the deluge...". God save us from all Utopians.  
The referendum to repeal the 8th amendment is fundamentally about trust, specifically the willingness of our society to trust women to make health decisions for themselves.  
"You'll all enjoy the benefits of brexit""When? Now?""No""Soon?""No""In 10 years or--""When you're fucking dead that's when" pic.twitter.com/Kb0KtOMy41 
The tower of Brexit is being simultaneously built and razed. It can’t satisfy demands of reality because it was only ever designed to live in the imagination.The tower will collapse. The only question is when.Brexit as Jenga: my latest for @prospect_uk 
'You're an ENEMY of democracy' Carole Malone goes BERSERK against Brexit-thwarting peers  
Sir John Major savages Theresa May's Brexit strategy and predicts PM's customs plan is doomed to fail - The Telegraph  
The best of the withies I have removed from the roof. Hazel,bramble,willow for tying the thatch down on the roof when it was built in 1550.The person who tied them was probably thinking about Henry VIII,or Mary Tudor raising an army nearby in Framlingham. Beats Brexit,I guess.  
No Leave you don't get to pay a 70,000 fine for ovespending during the EU ref... You forfeit Brexit #ElectoralCommission 
"your next ten years are irrelevant".  If that had been put on the Brexit bullshit bus it would have been a promise Brexiters could keep  
“An Irish chronicle: how Black America inspired the fight for Irish freedom” is out now.#Ireland #USA #civilrights #Brexit  
In the last couple of months your tweets have gone from interesting and informative to abusive and, frankly, a bit weird. Maybe this is a response to the unfolding shitshow that are the Brexit negotiations. I'm unfollowing you, and suggest you take a break from twitter. 
Rising #food bills and disruption to supplies if we go ahead with #Brexit,  Lords EU Environment Committee confirms  
WATCH Yasmin Alibhai-Brown: Brexit Driving Me To Edge of Madness [VIDEO]  
Can't believe @PeterBoneUK has a Brexit countdown on his phone - I want one  
Daniel Hannan blames Remainers and the left for the fact that Brexit isn't going very well, says @JonnElledge 
Really? What’s its immigration policy re EU post-Brexit?  
I suppose this had to happen: Brexit is definitely the right thing to do but I won’t be proved right until we’re all dead.  
We can’t go on like this. The country is crying out for leadership but the politicians are just crying. It’s time for parliamentarians to stop whimpering and start acting. Doing nothing is not an option. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Reason #Brexit isn't going according to Hannan's plan is bc replacing a fully fledged and efficient common market (FTAs included) in which UK has integrated with its closest neighbours for 40yrs, with a never-done-before hypothetical deal with Trump, is not a very good plan. 
Number Crunching:Amount #LeaveEU spunked on Brexit lies: £21,000,000Amount #LeaveEU fined for Brexit lies: £70,0000.3333%Cheap at half the price. 
At this stage, I think voting booths being accessed by the operation of a doorknob, rather than by pulling a curtain, would be enough of an IQ test to reverse the #Brexit majority. 
No wonder he's doing all he can to thwart Brexit! 
Dear @adamboultonSKY. On your program Arron Banks denied that Leave EU worked with #CambridgeAnalytica. Not so long ago he was saying "we have made no secret of working with cambridge".The @ElectoralCommUK might be interested in this as well. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
There is no need for the UK to impose tariffs on any food imports after Brexit  
If you don’t want to be investigated for electoral wrongdoing, maybe best not to call your campaign memoir “The Bad Boys of Brexit...” 
No, fuck you. Voters were promised ‘sunlit uplands’ they were told there could be ‘no downside to brexit’.Now you and your ilk want to backpeddle and blame Remain voters for the shitstorm that you created, and say ‘it’ll be alright in the end’ Fuck you thrice over. Wanker.  
A group of 200 layers including former European Court, High Court and Referendum Commission Judges have said that a Yes vote and Simon Harris's abortion legislation would allow abortion on demand up to nearly 6 months. Its breath taking how extreme Harris's bill is.  
Horrible Little Mayor Khan Works With European Commission to Launch Pro-Mass Migration Brexit Campaign to FURTHER ruin England!     #fo2eu 
Should the UK have a people's vote on the final brexit deal with an option to Remain?Please RT for large poll size 
"The whole institution smacks of the smug elitism 17.4 million Britons proudly voted against in the EU referendum"  
BREAKINGPro-#Brexit group  fined £70,000 ($100,000) & referred to the Met **police** for breaching MULTIPLE election laws exceeded spending limit by at least 10%likely “considerably more” 
The legacy of a nation is not built upon grand claims of greatness by those in power, but by how its ordinary people live. Brexit's legacy currently seems to be a portrayal of a xenophobic, small minded nation suffering from increasing wealth disparity and growing poverty. 
Brexiters say 'just get on with it'. That's their solution to every problem Brexit confronts them with. It's as if the country has been taken over by student revolutionaries more interested in ideology than functionality, because it won't be them who clears up the mess. #bbcdp 
That creaking sound you can here is the sound of the Brexit movement cracking 
New poll shows a large lead (53 to 31) for a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal. So much for 'thwarting the will of the people'...  
69% of Labour support a people's vote on the final deal. 100% of the Libdems and Greens do pretty much. Tories probably half? Ukip don;t exist........ If the brexit deal is great, i'll vote for it but I suspect it won't be. We need this vote. pic.twitter.com/MYD3j5ecdy 
aiming to write about politics full-time while managing to never write about Brexit is not the intellectual challenge I signed up for 
Concerning but sadly unsurprising report on how May's top EU adviser is reportedly trying to stack the deck on key Brexit decisions rather than being straight with ministers. Principle of 'advisers advise, ministers decide' is in danger of being forgotten  
The Customs Union row is symbolic of the whole Brexit process; driven by ideologues who can’t/won’t compromise but hugely destructive if done on their terms. ‘It is demented.’Read this gem of an extract from @chrisgreybrexit 
Michael Portillo:If we're effectively in Customs Union & Single Market but no say over rules then obviously that's an unstable position.It cannot possibly last.No one can possibly think that's a good idea as battle over #EU will simply continue.#Brexit 
"Shoppers have been warned that food prices are certain to rise after #Brexit, unless Theresa May achieves the favourable free trade deal she has promised with the EU."The best possible trade deal is Single Market membership... 
"Fair or not, this series will be a referendum on James Harden."  
My timeline is all brexit, have some ducks as compensation.  
The referendum was won by cheating and lying.I do not accept the result.I will not obey any government that tries to go ahead with it.#StopBrexit #RemainInTheEU 
WATCH | "People like @jimwaterson are sad and bitter about it because they lost the referendum... he's as unbiased as @carolecadwalla and the rest of the Guardian idiots" Support us at  pic.twitter.com/WNvMnmms9V 
The news that  breached electoral law with election spending is further proof that the country needs a peoples vote on the final deal. We cant blindly follow the Government to this Brexit abyss. #PeoplesVote #RethinkBrexit #Renew 
We demand a vote on the final Brexit deal. What the government proposes is not a done deal. And it doesn’t have to be. Also agree? Then support the #PeoplesVote: 
Klopp to Football Writers: "Enjoy your evening and thank you for making the right decision when voting and for once, I don’t mean Brexit!"  
Brexit blocker,Heseltine gets £90,000 funds per year in EU land subsidies, former deputy PM is one of Britain’s wealthiest men & one of many unelected Peers defying a legitimate referendum, of which they voted to pass to the people to decide result, traitors. 
In Massa Centro (italy), an ice cream parlour has named one of his artisan ice Creams Brexit, if you tell him your English, you get it "FREE".They call it gelato Brexit zuppa inglese, the delicious taste of freedom. 
I just remembered that people used to call the EU withdrawal bill the Great Repeal Bill, back when Brexit was going to be easy. No-one calls it that anymore. 
Ah, if only the British were as grown up and sensible as those on the other side of the Brexit negotiations  
.@LeaveEUOfficial has been fined because its cheating might have changed the outcome of the European referendum. In other words, the vote was corrupted. A fine doesn't change that. The referendum should be re-run. #Brexit 
UK is consumed by Brexit.  There is no political bandwidth left for anything else.  The rest of the world addresses a host of environmental, social justice and war and peace issues. We obsess about Brexit, inevitably alone in the world in our obsession. Unable to move forward.  
 The #ElectoralCommission is run by Pro #EU members who are anti #Brexit! These EU Maggots are the enemies of #BREXIT & the 17,410,742  who voted for it! @ElectoralCommUK should be now investigated for their links to the EU!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC 
Clear message today busting another #Brexit myth. @UKLabour supporters overwhelmingly back a @peoplesvote_uk given the shambolic hard #Brexit being pursued by Theresa May! @Open_Britain @WalesForEurope @laboursinglemkt @labour4europe @Labour4EU 
The epitome of arrogant patrician condescension- but ignorance and lack of engagement does not preclude him from being one of the key influences on what happens with #Brexit and thus to all of futures and the prospects for our children. Terrifying and tragic.  
If you want to know why the biased Electoral Commission tried so hard to find dirt on Brexit (and came up with zilch), just look at the pro-EU cronies who serve as unelected Commissioners. Embarrassing political has-beens! Support us at  
The customs row is beyond absurd but, strangely, it makes complete sense in terms of the fundamental paradox of Brexit politics. My latest blog post just up:  
Our statement regarding North East Labour MPs' call for a second referendum on EU membership.  
Brexit blocker Lord Heseltine pocketing £90,000 a year in EU land subsidies  
My son's not yet born & I'm certain your Brexit will make his life worse. Gen X&Y who have to live longest with this nonsense overwhelmingly disagree with you.Also you lot didn't put any of this "national self-sacrifice, it's all about a glorious future" on a bus, did you? 
See @carolecadwalla's thread on UK breaking news.Campaign violations by Leave EU have now been referred to police.Reminder: #Brexit was plagued by many of the same problems the US election had - including foreign disinfo & funding. 2 sides of the same coin & worth watching.  
So Brexit is not about individuals but is about individuals not yet born or in the UK. The people voted not for themselves but for people who do not exist or do not live here. Sensational logic - or in plain English, bollocks  
Thread carefully showing how illegal action by Leave EU means that the referendum can not be considered the 'will of the people'  
The Bad Boys of Brexit threaten court action. We say bring it on.  
What did Leave EU do wrong, and could its breaches stop Brexit?  
Goodness! You don’t mean to say that the referendum result might not actually be a fair reflection of the will of the people, even on balance, nor a valid decision by the UK to leave the EU?  Lawks a mercy! Whatever next?  
Clearly @ElectoralCommUK powers must be increased. £70k fine is merely costs of doing business for Banks &  esp when compared with their referendum spending & costs of result. So Met Police investigation is crucial - something I called for in April 2017 /4 
With respect, it's not a great answer to the "could this stop Brexit?" question to say: Brexit is a "key policy of Theresa May’s government". Parliament, not Theresa May, gets to decide whether to turn a blind eye to the fact that its rules to ensure fairness were broken.  
Amazing, the British government and the whole of parliament campaigned against #Brexit , along with 99% of mainstream media, but it's the Leave campaign that has supposedly overspent on supporting the idea of leaving the EU. The Electoral Commission should be prosecuted for this. 
Yesterday a number of MPs from our sister party @UKLabour backed our calls for the UK to remain in the EEA to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland after SDLP Brexit spokesperson @ClaireHanna wrote to  ask them to protect the interests of all peoples across these islands 
A jobs first Brexit is like a books first library closure. We need to stop selling a lie.  
The key political misjudgement I made regarding the process of Brexit was the belief that Remainers wld accept the result & we'd then all re-ally regarding what it was best to do next. Instead, because so many Remainers refused to move on, there's been very little re-allying. 
You're a real man, Mark. If everyone  was like you, we could all leave our doors open.  Thank you for keeping the spirit of the Kray brothers alive. Brexit means Brexit. #TrueBrit #London #Eggs #Wanker 
May’s Brexit adviser Olly Robbins ‘held back key advice’ on tech that could solve the Irish border issue   
If you cheat in the Olympics, you lose your medal. If you cheat in an exam, you don't get your grade. If you cheat in a referendum or election? You get to walk away with a minuscule fine and slap on the wrist. #LeaveEU 
Conspiracy nut Carole Cadwalladr is crowing about today's Electoral Commission attack on Brexit as if it vindicates her crazy theories - even though they clearly admit there's no evidence of work with Cambridge Analytica. Desperate! Support us at  
THREAD: Brexit is unravelling in all directions, the latest the Electoral Commission finding. How can MPs persist in *respecting* the result of of this omnishambles? How bad before they accept this is not what democracy is? Parliament must do its duty and withdraw A50 Notice.  
Two interesting articles on the Brexit negotiations, by @DanielJHannan"Terms were agreed easily enough."  (June 2016)  "...this isn’t how it’s supposed to be working out."  (May 2018)(parody pic by @how_apt) 
#Brexit breakthrough? Ministers mull #EU trade plan that could see UK tied to customs union for YEARS more but make a clean break afterwards  
Happy to be on my way to Northern Ireland having worked with the DUP in the referendum. I was elected as a UKIP MEP. I lead the EFDD group in Europarl and none of that is going to change! 
Anyone else reminded of the leaving cert in the run up to the referendum? There's 2 weeks left and there's plenty to be doing but I just want it OVER with now 
Still we have Senior people denouncing the will of the electorate over Brexit. There are only two reasons for it, they are either fearful of losing their trough or the power they’d been promised.Never have so many treacherous people been uncovered in such a short space of time. 
Do we know what's going to happen post-Brexit with the Falklands and other overseas territories yet? Seems kinda important. (They currently benefit from unilateral tariff and quota free access to EU market) 
Massive increase in support for Catalan independence after lasts months of Spanish repression.Yes 48%NO 43,7%Is this why the Spanish establishment prefers to violate fundamental rights before agreeing on a referendum?  
Make sure you're following Farmers Against Brexit - just started!!   
Be under no illusion - these are serious charges and include personal and corporate fraud. How can @theresa_may not question the legitimacy of the referendum? #LeaveEU 
Constituents have written to say they feel that "cheating" like this causes them huge unease when considering the outcome of the referendum  
(5) It is obvious that overspending can – and indeed this is its very purpose – affect the result of a Referendum 
UK stands to miss out on billions in EU research funding under current #Brexit proposals. How are we going to attract Europe’s best and brightest to UK universities when funding is cut?  
As it's revealed that the brexit campaign was riddled with lies on both sides .We the public sit back as we watch the shambles thats costing the taxpayer billions and shrug our shoulders. This fait accompli attitude is exactly what the elite counted on. We've been lied to FFS! 
I cannot be the only one who thinks that there is absolutely no point in having laws to protect the integrity of our democracy if when those laws are breached the result of the election/referendum remains unchanged. It is staggeringly stupid. 
Has AC Grayling ever said *anything at all* that is legally or constitutionally accurate about the EU referendum?  
Please don't tweet me anything by Celtic and Labour's Brian WilsonThe man went to the Court of Session to ban TV election broadcasts for the 1979 referendumHe wants England's boot on Scotland's throatNo matter how much he protests that he defends the Ghàidhlig 
Almost 7 in 10 Labour voters want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.It's time our @UKLabour Party sided with its supporters on this matter instead of siding with the Tories. 
"Brexit is the SNP's fault for not persuading England, now the SNP should get Labour out of Labour's mess."  
All you need to know about why Brexit is going badly, in one highlighted passage.Hubris.  
The problem with this approach, which does sound sensible, is that there is no good deal. All possible brexits are significantly worse than no brexit. That’s ultimately why cabinet can’t agree on a strategy. Never mind Parliament. 
Brexit & lost UK research  billions. “our reputation depends upon our research partnerships and collaborations, in everything from artificial intelligence to zoology. Many of these are supported through EU research programmes, are threatened by Brexit.”  
The mandate for #Brexit lies dead.@ElectoralCommUK report adds to mounting evidence of a Leave campaign mired in deception, manipulation & electoral fraud. The only democratic response is a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: When it comes to Brexit most of our senior mandarins are working against the wishes of the British people who pay their wages   
BREAKING: 200 senior Lawyers, including a former Chairman of the Referendum Commission, say #8thref abortion proposals will lead to abortion on demand up to 6 months. Seems @thejournal_ie and @IrishTimes need better factcheckers. 
Dear @BBCNews,This is kind of important. Could you see your way to mentioning it?After all, while young people get married every day, it's not often Britain gets plunged into a constitutional crisis by the outcome of a fraudulently conducted referendum.Thank you,Andy  
the only way Katie Hopkins could think Belgium is her "land" is if a) she's a bit confused about what Brexit means b) like many white people have historically, she thinks every piece of land she steps on she is basically entitled to   
French President Emmanuel Macron says Europe needs to choose whether the European "dream" will live or die.Britain always leads the way on new and bold ideas.France should follow and hold a referendum on EU membership.#NowForFrexit 
I’m an ardent House of Lords reformer - but I’m not being bullied by Rees-Mogg, Duncan Smith & the Daily  Mail into becoming an Extreme Brexit Rubber Stamp. If ever Britain needed a revising chamber to revise deeply damaging & half-baked policy, it is now! 
2. MPs have no right to force this generational & existential decision upon us knowing we're losing Rights & that every version leaves us Poorer, Weaker & with less Control w/o further consent. #FinalSay + a #StopBrexit option. Confirm the Will to #Brexit or #Remain.#PeoplesVote 
It's been officially confirmed today that the billionaires running the Brexiter campaign won their extremely narrow Brexit vote using illegal, dishonest and undemocratic means.#AnnulBrexitNow 
The Electoral Commission finds no link between Cambridge Analytica and . Another devastating blow to elite Remainers’ conspiracy theories about why Brexit happened. Brexit happened because people want more democracy, period.  
Have heard from Northern Irish police that this is among biggest Brexit concerns. EAW currently only way to extradite someone from Ireland.  
YUGOSLAVIA was once like Nigeria,very turbulent. Later,it blew apart & gave birth to;Serbia,Croatia,Montenegro,Bosnia-Herzegovina,Macedonia,Slovenia.Each Developing at it's own pace.Conduct a free & fair referendum & let the Igbos decide their fate.Simple! 
The Brexit Bulldog is my gif of choice  
Many people who are not on Twitter do not know about what is happening about Brexit because BBC, Telegraph, Mail, Express & Sun keep this news from them.  The poll for a 2nd ref would be different if people were better informed. #stopbrexit 
UK's Electoral Commission has today fined  £70,000 for "multiple breaches" of electoral law during the EU Referendum.This is big news because the org is controlled by Arron Banks, accused of bringing 'dark money' into politics  
Tell you what lads, we're starting to run out of stock images representing Brexit. 
So definetly no personal political bias against Brexit influencing the impartiality of @NEF think tank reports on future of working fishermens industry @gwcarpenter @MarineEconomics?Will there be disclaimer at head of reports used to influence policy @DefraGovUK @michaelgove  
The United Nations has investigated our country over its treatment of our disabled, now its investigating racism since the #Brexit vote, it's no coincidence that this has happened since 2010, the tories have destroyed our once green and pleasant land #wrightstuff #ToriesOut 
"breached multiple counts of electoral law during the referendum to leave the European Union". This is very, very serious stuff.  
Another reason for a #peoplesvote to stop Brexit  
The Electoral Commission have found that  breached multiple counts of election law!They've been referred to the Met Police. With this level of cheating on the Brexit ref, the result can no longer be the 'Will of the People'. Voided or rerun? #BrexitShambles 
Leave EU fined £70k for electoral law offences around EU referendum, Electoral Commission refers case to Metropolitan police re “reasonable grounds” for committing criminal offences  
Most Leavers have wanted out for decades, that's why the politicians would not give a referendum. We were never going to pass up a opportunity , all the money spent on Project Fear was wasted and should never have used taxpayer's money.  
If you're referring to Cambridge Analytica, it's worth noting that the innuendo - indeed the direct claims - came from Brexiters. Were they trying to cover up the causes of Brexit??  
New poll: 53% in favour of a vote on the final Brexit deal vs 31% opposed. Among Labour voters,  support rises to 69% for and just 18% against  
We were conned.. and now we need a new referendum  
"I want 65 million people's voices to be heard in this."@ChukaUmunna brilliantly lays out on #BBCQT why we need to have a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal, taking the decision away from 650 MPs in Westminster. Please RT:  
“Respect democracy!” says organisation that lied and cheated at referendum. 
Whether you like it or not, @cliodiaspora, people voted TO LEAVE. .@jeremycorbyn is NOT in Government and he is NOT “negotiating” #Brexit.It is the @CONservatives doing & belongs to them.Jeremy’s position couldn’t be clearer and it’s NOT one in line with the Tories. At all. 
There is evidence of CRIME in the referendum. The referendum is not a decision. There is no decision.  What the chuff is going on.  
Just a shame they can’t also  be fined for their pants having been on fire throughout the referendum... 
I think the story today is a major Brexit campaign group breaking legal spending limits by at least 10 per cent, and its chief executive being referred to the police! 
Aaron Banks confronted with his own cheating on #r4today on 11/5/18 uses the same old lying tactic that won the Referendum. Total denial of the evidence before him & throwing mud at Electoral Commission for being liberal wusses. Let's hope this time the public see through him. 
#Brexit will weaken our trading position. The United States has been clear that the UK will be offered a worse deal on transatlantic aviation than what the US currently has in place with the EU. #52brexitfacts 
 broke spending rules by "at least 10%" referred evidence of law breaking to police  other investigations into leave campaigns ongoing trust in brexit mandate at all time low  need for #PeoplesVote stronger than ever 
Campaign group  has been fined £70,000 for breaches of election law during the 2016 referendum and a senior figure has been referred to the police.  
The UK’s voting watchdog has fined a key organisation that pushed for Brexit some £70,000 for breaches of electoral rules committed during the 2016 referendum and referred one of its senior figures to police. Illegal referendum basically.  
Peace - The EU. History will judge Leavers, who never considered Peace to be the greatest thing humanity can achieve. Peace in Northern Ireland thought impossible. European Nations, that once slaughtered each other in the millions, now cooperating in Peace.Peace, not Brexit. 
Leading Tory MPs call on a 'complete and total overhaul' of the House of Lords after its votes to thwart Brexit. via @MailOnline 
Electoral Commission fines  £70,000 for overspending during Brexit campaign. An investigation into Vote Leave continues.  
PLOT: @michaelgove ‘worried EU could use NI border issue to hold Brexit Britain hostage’. Must not be allowed to happen!  
It's official #LeaveEU cheated during the EU Referendum. If you add #VoteLeave lies,  #CambridgeAnalytica and #AIQ data saga into the mix we can conclude there was nothing democratic about the outcome of the #EURef vote. #Brexit was and is a fraud!  
Mr Banks is quoted by BBC as saying this is politically motivated. Well, 1st its about politics so of course it is, and 2nd this fails to address his own multiple appearances - incorrectly dated loans improperly reported, the 5% mgmt fees paid to BFTC (he wa a director) etc? 
The Electoral Commission finds "no evidence" that Cambridge Analytica performed services for Leave .EU during the #EURef campaignWhat's the next smoking gun? Or can we move on to discuss the actual causes of Brexit now? 
Hey there, so I know on the 25th of May 2018 we’re going to have a referendum about repealing the 8th amendment. I also know I’ve been kinda vocal about it but I have something else to say and it’s kinda big one so bare with me for this 
It's pretty clear which way this brexity Tory MP thinks a #PeoplesVote would go, then.So to recap: a vote for brexit 2 years ago is "democracy"a vote against brexit today is not "democracy"got it, thanks   
An excellent piece of analysis. Everybody needs to watch this - Scot or not. Brexit is utter madness as long as these crazies remain at the helm. #ScotRef #brexit  
The Electoral Commission has effectively declared the 2016 EU referendum void. We must now ask the government what it proposes to do, given this fact, & that it means Brexit is over. 
MUST-READ: New poll reveals a majority of Brits want a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Brexit is too big to be handled by 650 MPs in Parliament. That's why so many people are demanding a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
“Investigation found no evidence that  received donations or paid-for services from Cambridge Analytica for its referendum campaigning and found that the relationship did not develop beyond initial scoping work.” 
‘@Arron_banks: Electoral Commission announcement is ‘politically motivated attack on Brexit’.“EC went big game fishing and found a few ‘aged’ dead sardines on the beach. So much for the big conspiracy!“What a shambles, we will see them in court.” 
Remain: “It’s going to be a cock-up”Leave: “project fear”Remain: “it’s going to be a MASSIVE cock-up”Leave: “scaremongering”Remain: “brexitshambles”Leave: “you lost, get over it”Remain: “stop Brexit”Leave: “it’s a massive cock up, and it’s all your fault.” 
Nothing that Daniel Hannan predicted in this 2016 article turned out like he thought.It's a sobering reminder of just how little voters could have known about the reality of Brexit - and why a #PeoplesVote on the final deal is vital for democracy. 
Corbyn leads an entryist party-within-a-party called Momentum. It wants a Bennite protectionist isolationist state-owned economy. He should be honest & offer voters Momentum as Momentum. The Labour Party is a more sensible, moderate, modern party, & ANTI-BREXIT. I want it back.  
."Labour’s sister party in Northern Ireland the SDLP has written to ALL of Jeremy Corbyn’s MPs, warning them that his current approach to Brexit will NOT prevent a hard border with the Republic.". 
Brexit maths:100% - 48% = 100% 
.@michaelgove absolutely right: this has been Remoaner plan all along: use minor technical issue of N Ireland border, raise it to Biblical proportions, then trap UK into CU & SM to get Brexit in Name Only’. We must go straight to WTO Rules if this happens  
Brexiter latest: Why didn’t those people we derided as condescending liars, traitors, ‘experts’, ‘elites’ and idiots come up with a plan for the expensive, complicated Brexit we insisted would be free and easy? It’s their fault we still haven’t got one. Wah. Wah. Wah. 
My #FridayFeeIing is one of bewilderment that, after almost TWO YEARS, we still have not been told the tangible benefits of Brexit, so time to re-issue my call to @DavidDavisMP for some answers!Do join me with an RT.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
In response to Faragisation of the Conservative party - Labour needs to fight Brexit & think big  
PRESS RELEASE |  strike back at the Electoral Commission's barefaced anti-Brexit campaign. #FridayFeeIing 
Brexit campaign  fined for multiple breaches of election law during referendum  
Prof Patrick Minford’s clear analysis of how so many forecasters got the effect of the referendum wrong and how Brexit can generate around 7 per cent more on GDP over the long term.  @Econs4FreeTrade 
Brexit latest: Blame the people who have been patiently explaining for two years that it would all be a bloody mess for the fact that it’s all a bloody mess.Do *not* blame all the people who have been ignorantly insisting that everything would be just dandy. 
If the Remainer Labour MPs had any courage they could simply agree to defy Corbyn. They are the majority and truly represent Labour. Alternately they could simply leave en masse to new party.Corbyn is an ephemeral hard left Brexit dictator.  
“You voted for a referendum which said ‘we give the choice to the people’ now that you think ‘I don’t like what the public decided’ ur trying to change the result. No! Democracy must come first”@EstherMcVey1 on Chuka‘s calls for a 2nd #Brexit ref #BBCQT 
This is a huge deal. And also a huge fuck up. For Electoral Commission to refer to police, evidence must be overwhelming. But investigation so long delayed & Brexit so close - & Vote Leave investigation STILL ongoing -  we won’t know full scale of illegality until we’ve exited.. pic.twitter.com/NygBSNoXLB 
One of the Godfathers of Brexit no less. He got there in the end...now even advocating EEA/EFTA. Growing consensus in the country for the EEA. Surely @UKLabour cannot stay lashed to the mast of Boris Johnson, Gove, Fox, Ress Mogg & co on the EEA? 
So, it’s official.  broke spending rules and cheated in referendum. I will follow up on further action - if possible by police and prosecutors - to defend democratic standards.This clearly invalidates Brexit mandate and underlines need for a #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit Britain - as illustrated by the #Galileo satellite fiasco and ... well, everything else, really. #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion #BrexitGate #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
Time to shit or get off the pot:You can be Pro Corbyn ORYou can be Pro EUYou cannot be both. No matter how much you want it not to be true, Corbyn wants Brexit. 
Letter of the Day from @bill_emmott challenging Lord Blackwell’sassettion about stable democracy in Britain #Brexit (Clue: read the drop dead pay-off line )  
“Hammond is resisting demands for Gov’t to commit such large sums to health..He is concerned any sum larger is unaffordable given state of country’s finances & uncertain economic outlook, especially with impact of Brexit.” So much for that £350m a week  
Theresa: We want unicorns!EU: no unicorns I’m afraidBoris: unicorns are *crazy*, we want dragons!EU: no dragons I’m afraidTheresa: Right, we’ll split into two teams. One will look at unicorns, the other at dragons!EU: sigh.....#Brexit 
BREAKING: New polls finds clear majority want a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:All - 53% in favour / 31% opposed;Labour voters - 69% in favour / 18% opposed;Voters under 35 - 65% in favour / 22% opposed.@peoplesvote_uk 
Post Brexit,assuming we are still stupid enough to leave, folks will look back on this summer as the last hassle free one to Europe. Roaming charges,Passport queues, health insurance etc.Just going to make it worse all so murdoch can avoid paying a fair level of tax.#BrexitFact 
The only way to deal with bullies is to stand up to them. The govt’s pathetic, feeble approach to Brexit negotiations has simply encouraged the Brussels bullies. Appeasement has achieved nothing. It is time to stand tall and to stop being kicked around.   
LeaveEU hit with £70k fine by Electoral Commission for multiple breaches of electoral law. Electoral Commission amazingly state, "THE COMMISSION ALSO CONSIDERS THAT THE UNLAWFUL OVER-SPEND MAY WELL HAVE BEEN CONSIDERABLY HIGHER THAN THAT"  
Our investigation concluded that  incorrectly reported what it spent at the EU referendum. It exceeded its statutory spending limit and delivered incomplete and inaccurate spending and transaction returns.Our report is here:  
A fine - and that’s it? Illegal behaviour voids the referendum.  
And here’s another thing:Ppl who say “we were misled by the MSM over #Brexit” are the same people who believe their lies & smears about @jeremycorbyn.The sooner people realise whose side the press & MSM are really on, the better.Let’s hope they realise before it’s too late. 
Just think how close a real Labour Party-with a real leader opposed from the start to Brexit-would now be to seizing power in this shambles. 
What took them so long? Labour abandoned the working classes years ago, but Corbyn/Abbott/Thornberry have thinly-veiled contempt for the white working classes, plus out of step on key WC issues of Brexit and immigration >>   
 fined £70k by Electoral Commission over Brexit referendum*Went over legal spending limit by at least 10%*Failed to report loans correctly*Found “no evidence  received donations or paid-for services from Cambridge Analytica” 
We have fined  £70,000 for offences committed under electoral law, following our investigation into the campaigner’s funding and spend during the EU referendum.Read our press release:  
Time and again when discussing #Brexit I hear:“I want my country back”I don’t know* what people mean by that so I always ask them. For clarity. The response usually starts:“Well, i’m not racist...” Brexit is about white supremacy.It disgusts me. It’s abhorrent.*I do 
#FT summing up the current lack of political competence very well in today’s #brexit Britain:  
Post-Brexit environment laws will not enshrine EU polluter pays principleJust one of many problems with toothless watchdog announced by @michaelgoveWithout specific legal process our environment will have only the word of Gove for protection 
Robert Tombs, the Brexit historian, said that continuing opposition to Brexit was down to big business & foreign funding. So I asked the audience of 50 Cambridge students - how many want to stay in the EU? All but one! And not one of them a foreign agent! 
stop brexit then if you want to save jobs, a jobs 1st brexit is complete bollocks and you know it Diane. 
Tory Hard Brexiter & Boris Johnson cosplayer, Michael Fabricant, has embarrassed parliament by wasting time jibing that Brexit must mean the UK should leave the #Eurovision Song Contest. Less offensive than him calling his constituents "twat" but only just #ToryShambles #r4today pic.twitter.com/iYV62Wm6Dl 
Maybe true but Brexit is unmistakably English at it's core. I know I'm 'supposed' to feel English but I've never felt further away from it (quite literally as I've fecked off to Canada). 
Brexshit Britain. Business owner and employer of 1120 people says he will leave within 24 hours if no access to CU, audience silent. Brainless idiot cries 'get behind brexit, great opportunities' and the audience start clapping like trained seals. That is where this country is. 
Corbyns Pro Brexit stance is the one that will ensure more Tory for a generation. A pro Eu stance from Corbyn and his fan base would see a win for labour.A pro Eu Labour Party Without Corbyn would see a landslide for labour.Choosing a man over party and or country is weird. 
If you believe something is wrong then no-one can persuade you, in a democracy, to accept it. If the 2016 Referendum was binding you would not have so many, intelligent, people, in the UK, spending so many hours opposing it. Campaigning to Remain is acceptable. 
Vid: Umunna’s #BBCQT self-awareness fail – ‘sack Johnson for undermining leader on Brexit’  
The fate of the Lords hangs on their support of Brexit, if they keep going they should expect abolition, says Stephen Mitchell of @GetBritainOut 
Almost 2 years after the referendum @theresa_may is creating a Cabinet team to establish whether there is an approach to trade that the Cabinet can agree on. Do the deal with EU, Theresa, then put it to #PeoplesVote 
“Two years ago the UK voted narrowly to overturn a half century’s worth of national strategy, without any plan for what to replace it with.” Bill Emmott via the @FT : Optimism on life after Brexit based on wilful blindness  via @financialtimes 
Economists, get your facts straight before you bash Brexit, says Professor Patrick Minford of @Econs4FreeTrade 
When it comes to Brexit most of our senior mandarins are working against the wishes of the British people who pay their wages  via @MailOnline 
You know how I first noticed @mike_pence? Because as Gov of Indiana, he backed Brexit. I was shocked and grateful he’d even heard of Brexit.Unusual for a Gov. Now I have a better idea why Pence did so 
My man! Let's make this election a referendum on the Supreme Court! #November6 #MAGA #ItsAPartyInTheUSA 
"52% = Will of the People"... OKWhat if 10% of them want to stay in the Single Market/ Customs Union?What if 20 % of the rest would be horrified by a deal that meant less sovereignty than EU Members?What if the Brexit we get is only supported by about 25-30% of 2016 voters? 
Appalling that Theresa May is stalling votes on Brexit legislation because her party has no clue what deal it wants. @jeremycorbyn should be tearing this government apart. By aping its indecision, he betrays Labour and UK 
Brexit could cost UK research sector billions, says Oxford boss.Proposals on post-Brexit research funding represent ‘enormous loss’, says vice-chancellor Louise Richardson.Brexit is bonkers - harmful and damaging. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
You know, reflecting on it, Google would never have dared put their finger so blatantly on the scale in a larger developed nation's election/referendum contest. It shows what they really think of Ireland, they think no one that matters will object & plenty of them will love it. 
Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of NE Labour backbenchers.More and more MPs are rightly calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.People now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show. Give us a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
.@BBCNews has, so far, given over 20 minutes to live coverage of a Trump rally.Yet anti-Brexit rallies in the UK, attended by tens of thousands of British people, barely get a mention.  
Veteran of:BrexitGreat MeMe war Sweden (blocked in Sweden)French electionsCalm before the stormThe great awakeningWill fightMidterm 2018Elections 2020  
Is there no one who can make May see sense and start showing leadership on Brexit?  Tell the EU it’s our way on Northern Ireland or the highway.  
Turnbull didn't support the @Greens comprehensive audit, he doesn't support referring Liberal MPs to the High Court and he won't support a referendum to fix #Section44. Yet another failure of leadership. 
This is the start of potentially a massive breakthrough. Without its Scottish & working class strongholds, and losing moderate Remainers to the Lib-Dems, Labour can't win. If the Tories allow May to throw away this chance by diluting Brexit further, they'll lose--and deserve to.  
Always disappointing to hear that false claims are  being made. Dropping the UK opt outs from the single currency or Schengen would have required a further referendum.  
#BBCQT The look on @LowTaxChloe's face as @ChukaUmunna casually tries to encourage a rerun of the 2016 EU Referendum because he personally doesn't like the result speaks for all of us.It is utterly pathetic!Did the UK get a rerun of the 75' Referendum before joining the EU?  
#BBCQT Amazing that the #Kettering episode of Question Time was apparently filmed infront of a Europhile Tory-hating audience when the area supported Brexit by 61% and has a Tory MP in Philip Hollobone.  
Brexit could cost UK research sector billions, says Oxford boss - the guardian  
Northeast MPs were right to rebel over Brexit – the entire Labour Party should take note and change its stance - The Independent  
Just freaking unbelievable and a failure in public duty that the Referendum Commission can't even bring themselves to say what we are voting on, to keep or delete unborn babies rights. They had one job. #8thRef 
I do not have any sympathy with this view. The lack of internal competence is a symptom of political atrophy - and arresting that decline is more pivotal to our future prosperity than EU membership. #Brexit shines a light on the rot.  
A referendum has to be held at FATA to derive if the locals want merger with KPK or a province. We must not impose our political agendas and decisions on them, AGAIN. #کراچی_کو_صوبہ_بناؤ 
Daniel Hannah prepares the Brexit bus for a new run.  
Literature & ads from the Referendum Commission make no reference to deletion of the constitutional rights of preborn children. That's what we're voting on, whether unborn babies keep their rights or not. How is the stripping of rights not mentioned? What's going on? #8thRef 
"Brexit is the most important peacetime issue this country faced in generations. Yet on the most fundamental matters, from our future relationship with the single market to customs and excise, neither Conservative/Labour is able to give straight answers as to what they should be"  
I've heard enough of 'Brexit means Brexit', 'I want Brexit because we voted for it', 'We won, you lost'.I need to hear the tangible benefit or there is no purpose to it. In two years, I still haven't heard one.#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll 
Shhhhh don't tell the brexitears though that WW2 finished some time ago. They are still flying their spitfires and reliving battles in their heads... Brexit risks the peace we have now, it really does.  
“Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of North East Labour backbenchers breaking ranks.” 
This evening I spoke to elderly neighbours, long standing pensioners who are reasonably well off. "Brexit, what a nonsense. What are the young people going to do when they cannot study abroad and vice versa? That Daily Mail and Express, they don't pay taxes!" Message is recieved! 
I’m not really even joking This will happen if the nutjobs get their way and have their free trade cheap food BREXIT, merged supermarkets, and 20% reduced food prices  
Alejandro Agag says there is a plan in place for his company to 'leave the UK in 24 hours' if Brexit is not suitable and does not protect jobs #bbcqt 
Interesting to hear complete silence in #bbcqt audience when @EstherMcVey1 stated “We are in Kettering, where 61% voted to leave”. Not a single clap. Have the good people of Kettering changed their mind about Brexit? 
@bbcquestiontime Two people given a platform tonight to spout completely irrelevant points and/or falsities into an important national debate regarding the future of the economy and the country - this is why the country will go down the pan...#bbcqt #brexit #BrexitShambles 
Chuka Umunna's analogy re. changing your mind about buying a house if the survey is bad, is silly. In relation to Brexit, his 'survey' amounts to hypotheticals & scaremongering, not known facts. #bbcqt 
Brexit subcommittee meets next Tuesday  
.@akalamusic says that Brexit was about 'British nationalism' #bbcqt 
.@ChukaUmunna clearly stating the people deserve #PeoplesVote on the final terms of the Brexit deal. We (shocker) agree, especially those who didn’t get a say in 2016 #FFS #bbcqt 
#bbcqt respectfully, most people want to get on with Brexit is quite frankly a crock of shit. Brexit is crazy and cretinous and I for one will never get behind it. 
There is no best deal, getting behind Britain means #remain. You can't undermine Brexit unless you're at the negotiating table.We've sent a second rate team to negotiate without a plan and without a mandate with skilled opponents.It's what you voted for.#FBPE #bbcqt 
I think it's fair to say Mark Noble ain't a fan of the French... proper brexit  
Spot On  - 'Customs Union wasn't on the ballot paper.. And to say staying in it would be a betrayal of #Brexit, is misleading'. #bbcqt 
This audience member says he is getting sick of politicians from all parties arguing and says they should ''pull the finger out'' and get the best Brexit deal possible for the UK #bbcqt 
So...Australian Chloe who worked for VoteLeave and a Tory Minister is patronisingly lecturing us on the most important choices affecting jobs, business + our future for decades while claiming to speak for “the people” - what nonsense! #Brexit #BBCQT @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
At a charity dinner with Obama’s Secretary if State John Kerry castigating Brexit equating it with tearing up the Paris Climate Change Treaty and the Iran nuclear deal - yet preaching real optimism. 
The year is 2321. The second topic on @bbcquestiontime is whether Brexit was a good idea. #BBCQT 
The CU is a key component of the EU. Staying in the CU is effectively staying in the EU, which treats the referendum result with contempt and dilutes the advantages of Brexit.#bbcqt 
Akala: Brexit was not about the technicalities. It was about British nationalism. I find that fascinating for a country that was a past empire. That has one of the highest levels of emigration... It's funny that we have all this amnesia and aggression towards immigrants #bbcqt 
As Brexit negotiations continue, @akalamusic says he has no faith in the Prime Minister... but not just over issues relating to the EU #bbcqt 
I'll summarise it for you:Brexit.Brexit, brexit.Single Market.Custom's Union.Moan, moan, moan.Windrush, The Pound, moan, moan, moan.The EU.Moan.Moan moan.Brexit (again).The EU (again).London.The Police.Moan, moan, moan.Whine.Gammon (in notes only).I resign.x  
Stupid "spokesperson" from @the_tpa on #bbcqt trots out the usual "Brexit will generate so many opportunities" unquestioned from all other participants, and Dimbleby. There is NOT A SINGLE QUANTIFIABLE GAIN from Brexit! Stop letting it go unchallenged 
.@LowTaxChloe says that staying in the customs union doesn't deliver the Brexit that people voted for #bbcqt 
Both the Customs Partnership and Maximum Facilitation are unacceptable to the EU, so it's not worth talking about.Brexit is dead, the slower ones just don't know it.#bbcqt #FBPE 
The Tories have been in power for 8 years. What have they achieved in that time? I mean apart from wrecking the country on a ridiculous referendum and performing a U turn on the pasty tax. Esther McVey still acting like she's in opposition #bbcqt 
Brexit is for a country that doesn't care about R&D. It's a retrograde step, for a nation moving backward rather than forward.  
Former PM, John Major, a man that knows about the EU, predicts that May's plans for post Brexit trade are doomed to failure and the idea of friction less trade is just a Brextremist fantasy. It's time the sensible British people to say enough is enough. It is time to #StopBrexit 
Thanks @JohnWhittingQC - on late train back to London after packed day talking to Coventry & Warwick businesses about risks of Brexit & need for EU Customs Union.  
Juergen Klopp message to @theofficialfwa dinner on @MoSalah being voted football writers’ footballer of the year: “Thanks for taking the right decision in the vote ... and I don’t mean Brexit” 
Just wait until Europe is exposed to Burnley. Suddenly, they will become incredibly amenable to Brexit negotiations. But all hail, Sean Dyche. We love us a Ginger Power Bald.  
"In the 2014 referendum, Scotland did vote to remain in the UK. The problem in Scotland is that our remain in the UK vote is being ignored."There, fixed it for you. 
With Chuka Remoanna on  #bbcqt tonight, stand by with your Brexit wank word bingo cards.1 Didn't have full facts2 Referendum advisory3 Voters need to think again4 Time for a #PeoplesVote 5 Losing world influence6 Need a jobs first Brexit7 UK is a Parliamentary democracy 
Lord Patten says Brexit policy 'clueless and delinquent' - BBC News  
Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of North East Labour backbenchers breaking ranks  
A post-Brexit Irish border without physical infrastructure is fully attainable:  
That feeling when you can rig a US election and a UK referendum but can't hack the #Eurovision vote 
I think Iain’s point is that calling a referendum in which you have no intention of delivering one of the results, so you make no preparations for it, to the point of stopping civil servants doing so, could be seen as negligent. 
This isn’t about obsessions. It’s about facts. Such as that Brexit reaches every single aspect of life in the UK. That it is already causing job losses. That it has already caused prices to go up. That it threatens rights the Labour Party has fought for for over a century. Etc.  
The referendum was narrowly won because the Leave option was a vacuous 4 word slogan that could mean almost anything to anyone. Now #Brexit is disintegrating into chaos because it was never more than an empty slogan and a ragbag  of lies & delusions. #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
BBC's Kamal Ahmed reports on flaky UK economy as 'weather'. Not a word on Brexit..UK top of G7 before ref, bottom now. Tell the obvious truth! 
I’m mortified to hear that Weatherspoon’s is affected by the brexit-related High Street downturn. #fbpe 
Russia don't qualify for #eurovision meaning that the eurovision voting system is harder to hack than the US election and brexit referendum. 
When one of the strongest economies in the world with a permanent seat at the UN security council considers modelling its future status on Liechtenstein, Albania, Mauritania and Melilla you know that something is going slightly wrong...#Brexit #FBPE 
EXC: So tonight it’s Max Fac on the up. MPs told privately by No10 it’s on agenda like never before as PM tasks cabinet critics of the hi-tech Brexit customs fix to sit down with DD and make it work:  
In any other line of work, if you had a business case signed off to deliver massive savings, only to find you'd cooked the books and it would cost Billions, you're sacked.We shouldn't expect any different from Govt, yet 2 years later Brexit staggers on. 
You know what's not good enough 23 months after EUref? That you still support Brexit. Labour members.Young people.48%.They have all asked you, and more than six times, about their future. Our future. Each time you failed to answer ... and enabled the Tories' Brexit instead.  
*Brexit Explained*  
Watching #Ambulance on the BBC and it's crystal clear the entire #NHS is underfunded and being run into the ground. Brilliant staff let down by a useless government, and the billions to be squandered on #Brexit is only going to make it worse. What the hell have you #Leavers done? 
Was fantastic to host  @Andrew_Adonis tonight who debated Robert Tombs on the historical context of #Brexit, chaired by @CSBarnard24: lots attended, and show of hands found every single student attendee wants to remain in the EU! Shows why youth-led @OFOCBrexit is so important! 
BREXIT HAS TO GO There’s no other solution BREXIT HAS TO GOThere’s no other solutionBREXIT HAS TO GOBREXIT HAS TO GO There’s no other solution BREXIT HAS TO GOThere’s no other solutionBREXIT HAS TO GOBREXIT HAS TO GO There’s no other solution BREXIT HAS TO GO 
Dan Hannan... the brains behind Brexit (stop laughing at the back!) ... has written an article for Conservative Home explaining why Brexit isn't working out. Guess who he blames?  
It's hard to think of a more dishonest article than this from Daniel Hannan. He now admits #Brexit is going badly but this apparently is purely down to remainers   
Data from the Scottish Social Attitudes survey indicates that regular newspaper readership fell 35% since the Scottish referendum to  42% It is clear the Unionist drivel is turning people off Compared to Canada 89% read a daily Newspaper. Online figures also massively down 
Brexit means Brexit  
Brexit, dat you? #Eurovision 
Things you can’t mention on twitter without attracting trolls: Cycle lanesDianne AbbottWhite Helmets Russia Not arming all police officersBrexitJeremy CorbynIsrael Diesel powered cars Margaret Thatcher Global warming 
When you're in the pub and hear someone across the bar saying that MPs should stop Brexit  
Noble has literally fucking juiced Pogba, bringing Brexit back to West Ham, fucking love it Nobes!!!! pic.twitter.com/sLQNJrnyz5 
Those who oppose dropping tariffs on food are simply defending special interests. There is no need for the UK to impose tariffs on any food imports after #Brexit.  
This is essentially what Brexit will be like. #eurovision 
Brexit FC. Shit club, shit fans and a shit captain. What a bunch of cunts. 
Assuming some game-changing, new technology isn’t created before the end of Brexit talks, “max-fac” = infrastructure. CCTV, number plate recognition. Certaintly won’t fly with EU Parly/EU27. And remember, no transition without an Irish border solution. Backstop is very much on. 
Based in or near Newcastle? Come join me @NorthumbriaUni *tomorrow* at 6pm for my conversation with Alexander Menden from @sz about Brexit and nostalgia. I will focus primarily on questions to do with imperial nostalgia and ahistorical readings of migration history. 1/  
Many do not understand the call and cry for Nigeria's breakup. They think that everything is about Biafra alone ... No, it's for the general interest. Many die every day in Nigeria because of forced unity. Water & oil can't mix together.Breakup is the only solution.#Referendum  
Confirmation that 10,000 UK jobs will go in 2019 Colin Paynter MD of Airbus Defence & Space Ltd tells the Brexit committee. “All work on Galileo has to be led by an #EU company from March 2019". No worries though as he is just another "expert" Stop this BREXIT SHAM NOW! 
Thousands of British expats may lose access to their pensions after Brexit  
Brexit is basically a long and very expensive public education programme in the benefits of EU membership. 
160,000 signatures Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
The Government Petition for the people to have a referendum on abolishing the Lords now stands at 159,993 Signatures. The unelected Lords have attacked the democratic vote of the people and should be put out to pasture. 
An empty British pavilion in Venice alludes to “reconstruction, sanctuary, Brexit, isolation, colonialism and climate change”  
All the polls & studies indicate most Leavers will vote Tory regardless & yet #Corbyn goes out of his way to pacify them & ignore Remainers & his own party members & Labour voters - so he's either all for #Brexit & happy to risk #Labour splitting, or he's just totally clueless 
I’m in Aberdare, Cynon Valley Museum, at 6pm tomorrow to discuss Brexit. All welcome & no need to book!  
This doesn’t make me doubt Brexit. It makes me doubt the judgement of the West’s policy makers  
Spain ‘obstructing’ investigation on referendum day police violence in #Catalonia, says Amnesty 
Yikes. How much more #Brexit madness do we have to witness before someone puts the ruddy handbrake on?! FFS. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Hey @BBC would you show this to all your political presenters who don't question Leave politicians assertions that Brexit meant leaving the Single Market & aggressively argue with Remainers themselves it is the case. Please ask them to explain themselves, on camera would be great  
My book is out in 2 weeks from today It's about the peace process 20 years after the Good Friday Agreement-Inc the impact of Brexit, how power-sharing collapsed and investigations into unsolved Troubles' deathsYou can pre-order here:  
It's all falling apart in the Brexit Tory party. The Brexit War Cabinet  has gone to war with itself. The Tories whose policy it is to damage the UK economy can't agree by how much they want to damage it. #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
Dr Mark McNaught, Associate Professor of Law & Political Science at University of Rennes, focuses on the imminent danger to Scotland if it does not become independent before Brexit - ie before 29/03/19.  #DissolveTheUnion #Referendum2018 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now 159,930 and rising. Time to abolish the Lords who have turned their backs on the biggest referendum turn-out in History, where the result was UK voted Leave. 
Wait let me just get this correct, Imran Khan wants to split Punjab...He always quotes the west, well then @ImranKhanPTI do you remember the word referendum? I am sure you do not.It is not a piece of cake to do something in a few clicks in 100 days.Baap ki jageer nahi hai 
Didn’t you vote Brexit? Yeah.. You ARE a foreigner indeed to these lands.  
Translation: Corbyn will force his MPs and Peers to vote with the Tories and make sure we leave the Single Market and Customs Union. Also, some insane nonsense about Brexit safeguarding jobs.  
Please tell me this isn’t happeningKhan the Khant holding a Pro MassMigration Anti Brexit CampaignWhich is being paid for by the EUFFS why is this being allowed The Labour Party are Also  involvedGive me strength.Stop this deceit Democracy being Denied  
Canvassing in Dundalk this evening for a yes in the upcoming #Referendum on the #8thAmendment with @ROMurchu and @Together4yes 
From our perspective @DanielJHannan, you and those like you who lied and cheated for Brexit, broke our country. You own it, because you brought it. We don't accept your pathetic attempts to escape accountability for the chaos you spent your life creating.  
Wise words from @ClaireHanna and Labour’s sister Party @SDLPlive. Staying in the Single Market would avoid the worst effects of Brexit, but really Labour should be standing against any form of Brexit. 
This Dog speaks for the nation 
So apparently persuading people that they voted the wrong way in the referendum is undemocratic. Silly me. I thought shutting down opppsition was undemocratic 
The U.S. is very concerned about suspensions of media outlets in #Burundi & urges the @UN to monitor the political, security, & human rights situation in the run-up to the May 17 constitutional referendum. Freedom of expression is essential for a credible referendum process. 
Brexiteers have already swallowed major concessions on the transition, Brexit bill, ECJ, fisheries etc. To paint them as unreasonable hardliners now for simply holding the government to key manifesto pledges they were elected on is a highly selective reinterpretation of history  
Mayor Khan Works With European Commission to Launch Pro-Mass Migration Brexit Campaign  
Can't beat fresh British seafood!Prawns only hours out the Clyde make a proper prawn cocktail- sublime!Why buy far-east frozen when we've the best of British on our doorstep.?Time for Britons to buy British post Brexit - Good for the economy aswell as tastebuds! @nereus172 pic.twitter.com/VZ5R2l6j4l 
Reminder - leading anti brexit campaigner Lord Adonis will be at Swansea's St Phillips Community Centre, Clarence Street at 2pm tomorrow. He'll be joined by local anti brexit campaigners Swansea West MP Geraint Davies and - her schedule permitting - Gower MP Tonia Antoniazzi.  
"17.4million people voted to Leave the EU. How many people have ever voted for you? Zero. And yet you think it is your right to thwart the biggest mandate in our history."@Tom_Slater_ debates #Brexit with the Lib Dems' Lords leader.Full debate here:  
Since @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU launched our motion calling on Labour to stand against #Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote - we've had hundreds of new followers and sign ups. Keep them coming guys, when we're organised, we win  
Dan Hannan, a senior leave campaigner, now accepts that Brexit is not going the way people were promised.When people who voted both leave & remain are unhappy with the negotiations, it shows we MUST have a #PeoplesVote on the final deal.@peoplesvote_uk 
If #Corbyn whips #Labour MPs to abstain on the #SingleMarket then what's the point in staying in the party if the leader is not just ignoring the views of members & our voters but also enabling Hard #Brexit that will make Britain poorer & mean more austerity?#EUWithdrawalBill 
Nigel Farage - "We can become independent, we have the fifth largest economy in the world. We have the language that dominates world business, we are a great country if we want to be." #Brexit  
Theresa May postpones key Brexit votes as impasse sets in  
Reading this @GovUK document  I have been unable to find a single example of where #Brexit would enhance UK capability of meeting security threats...Framework for the UK-EU Security Partnership -    
If 80% of people want #Brexit now, for some unknown reason, then why are Brexiteers so opposed to putting the final deal to a vote to ratify or reject it in six months time?  If their ridiculous assertion was true then surely they'd be confident of an easy win.  It makes no sense  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Staying in the customs union would be an extension of staying in the EU and would be a dramatic failure of Government policy. I will not accept that conclusion." #Brexit  
The Irish Association of Social Workers has just taken a position on the 8th Amendment after a motion brought forward at their AGM. The Association is backing a YES vote in the referendum. Statement to follow. #Together4yes #RepealThe8th #8thref 
What a very silly headline. "If we stop trading with the EU"?? Much as #Brexit will complicate some EU trade and needs to be kept to a minimum, this kind of nonsensical black and white scaremongering doesnt help  
Fixed it...#Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill #BrexitLordsBetrayal 
Surely the sooner we get on with Brexit the better for British industries then keep dithering. 
Great to have @LiamFox at @deanstonmalt to discuss record #ScotchWhisky exports in 2017 and the need to support the industry’s trade ambitions through #Brexit and beyond #SupportScotch 
The House of Lords is no longer fit for purpose. The Daily Mail's headline is spot on, they are doing everything they can to delay or even stop #Brexit happening.@LBC @Nigel_Farage #FarageOnLBC 
A Brexit campaigner named DanAdmits things aren't going to plan - We're chasing, he feels,The worst of all deals;The shit is now hitting the fan.@DanielJHannan #Brexit #CustomsUnion #ExitFromBrexit #hannan 
19/ You know Brexit is shit when perennial charlatan @DanielJHannan starts to admit Brexit is a bit shit and the real Brexit is not the Brexit he advocated for oh no  
Also there shouldn’t have been a referendum, but aside from that. How incredibly irresponsible it is to have any referendum on a vague & diverse group of aspirations rather than a distinct, achievable policy. You can’t just work out the details later. As we see. 
."The vice-chancellor of Oxford University has said the UK stands to miss out on billions in EU research funding under current Brexit proposals.". 
Just watched Look North which had interviews in the leave voting constituencies of these MPs. 3 out of 4 people said they wanted a second referendum, one even said he'd changed his mind! 
Brexit news: May’s customs partnership plan will cost Britain '£60MILLION A WEEK'    Totally nuts!  Is she REALLY British?  Acts more like a FOREIGN AGENT! 
Like I said () one by one the campaigning parents of Brexit will make it a political orphan.  
Walking the mutt before work, met neighbour (my age) doing the same, I brought up the Referendum 
So there we have it...With gaping holes still in the Withdrawal Bill, and this proposal for a toothless regulator, it's now crystal clear that environmental protections will NOT be "maintained and enhanced", as @michaelgove promised, as we Brexit 
Lib Dem peer investigated for smuggling Pakistani boy into UK  still in HOL still voting against Brexit 
Given that Brexit isn't Brexit and may never be, we could have a referendum every five years just to keep the country nice and divided. It's also a great way of getting the public to read up on law and get their heads around the political and judicial system 
Latest figures show that more European academics have come here since Brexit than have left. At key universities like LSE and Edinburgh the number of gains was two-thirds higher than losses. So much for the claims of Remainers in our universities that Brexit would damage them. 
Brexit: Europe takes back control 
Who's keeping a tally on what the Brexit fiasco is costing us? Let's make damn sure that the bill is delivered very firmly to the idiot profiteers, liars and disaster mongers that caused this.I can't wait to read the impartial history books.  
The North East Labour MPs could do with this poll being voted and shared around"Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of North East Labour backbenchers breaking ranks"#FinalSayForAll#FinalSay#PeoplesVote 
.@Telegraph cartoon#Lords #Brexit #TheresaMay 
More and more people, from all sides of the debate, are realising that EFTA membership offers a credible solution to some of Brexit's problems.  
90% of Kashmir wants independence. The UN promised Kashmiris a referendum. It has never come. It's time!#KashmirPlebiscite 
Launching new Environmental Principles and Governance Bill today, Gove claims UK will not weaken environmental protections when we leave the EUThey’ll just do their best to do so ahead of #Brexit… 
Brexit could cost UK research sector billions, says Oxford boss  
Labour MPs representing Sedgefield,Stockton South, Houghton and Sunderland South, Redcar, Newcastle North have called for the EU referendum to be re-fought.Four of these five constituencies voted Leave in the referendumThe North East voted Leave but Labour still won't accept it  
Well over £30 million and still rising. We now call the BBC the Brussels Broadcasting Corporation. Think on this fact. The BBC has not had one program in support of the Leave side win in the biggest Referendum ever held in our UK. No balance BBC is their motto.  
RT if you agree: Any new watchdog to protect the environment after #Brexit will be toothless unless it has the power and funds to monitor and sanction government when they fail to uphold environmental standards:  #GreenBrexit 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now over 159,500. Well done folks for helping to get the people a vote on abolishing the unelected Lords who have turned their backs on the people of UK and democracy. 
Scrap the House of Lords! Jacob Rees-Mogg's FURY as unelected peers try to STOP BREXIT 
The independence referendum was a memorable day for many reasons. Now, according to Amnesty International, Spanish authorities are obstructing investigation into police violence on October 1   . 
It’s interesting to read the comments under @DanielJHannan ‘s EFTA brexit article - a litany of complaints - an attempt to blame virtually everyone for what’s gone wrong. The key point everyone appears to accept is IT’S GONE WRONG, so what do we do? EFTA not a bad compromise?  
Thanks to @brexit_sham for the docs and the sharp eyes for spotting two separate invoice numbers for two identical amounts.This is the accumulated invoice that suggests there were two payments, not one.What return does Hargreaves get on £6.4 million?Disaster capitalism? 
Theresa May has been urged to extend the Brexit transition period due to customs row  
PMQs.... Six - Nil to Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit!!!!Theresa May and her Tories battered like sausages there’ll be no chips for Bozo the Clown!!!!  
Asked to explain and substantiate the decision - announced yesterday but apparently disclosed to Yes campaign groups on Tuesday - to block referendum-related advertising, Google has refused to comment and will not say why it has not simply decided to block foreign advertising. 
Tory Brexit chaos over customs & trade cd lead to v big row at June EU summit, even suspension of future relationship talks & make winning Commons vote on the withdrawal agreement harder. Which may give some hope for those who want the UK to remain in EU  
Brexit harms, not helps, our trade with the rest of the world  via @RCorbettMEP 
Scotland never had a vote in the Brexit referendum.Stop lying. 
Enabling the House of Commons to vote on Brexit legislation cannot be held up simply because the Government is incapable of taking any decisions about what kind of trade agreement it wants with our biggest, nearest and most important trading partners.  
And we can thank Trump, Le Pen, #Brexit, and most of all, Putin for this dark turn towards racist totalitarianism.#TrumpRussia 
Post #Brexit Glasgow is perfectly placed to become the largest English speaking city in the European Union - it can be a magnet for international broadcasters.  
Please read the article. One of the principle architects of Brexit (not a Remoaner like me) is saying we should at least join EFTA. There are different realities on offer. We don’t have to opt for the worst one. 
Davis has got form on declining meetings that would better inform him about how #Brexit will work (or not) in practice.  Last week he said he was surprised free movement was such a big deal for most  @BritishInEurope.  He’d have known this long ago if he’d bothered to meet us 
Please support our campaign by wearing one of our new t-shirts! We now know the Brexit deal is sending nurses away in droves, means we can't access EU science programs, means a hard border in Ireland - the Brexit deal is not a done deal. With new facts, we deserve a new choice!  
Will we have a #GreenerUK protection post-Brexit? Today @DefraGovUK launches its consultation a #GreenWatchdog, but with its suggested powers limited to ‘advisory notices’ it’s sounding more like a green poodle, and would leave nature protection weaker. That’s not good enough! 
It's the PM's answer, so don't lay the blame on Brexiters. Many don't want a 'transition', it equates to not leaving. Remainers, not Brexiters are running the show, we've ended up with rhetoric instead of Brexit.  
Better late than never: MEP Daniel Hannan admits Brexit is "not working out" and we should join EFTA to keep EU trade:  
Daniel Hannan speaking truth to his own Party. We must have hope that some may listen. But if they insist on pursuing this ‘worst of all worlds’ Brexit, then we need the people to have the final say with the option to Remain.   
I don't want to repair BREXIT or look for a solution for the UK. I want to leave the union. Not our mess. 
A report by @amnesty international states that the Spanish authorities are obstructing an investigation into the police violence that took place during the independence referendum on October 1 last year. All this and more in today's show.    
Waterford City & County Councillors who are calling on a no vote in this month’s referendum  
Pls support & PRT n solidarity with EU citizens in the UK, who are #InLimbo because of #Brexit#StopBrexitI just supported A Song for Europe  on @ThunderclapIt // @AcademyOfRock  
No Brexit legislation in the diary for the next two weeks...there had been hope of govt finishing up the Withdrawal Bill before end of month recess - seems it's gone away 
Brexit edges ever closer, the government has no answers, and the bad news keeps coming. Here are five of the latest #Brexit hits. #ThanksBrexiters 
Worrying for the Tories , if they betray Brexit !  
Important piece from Dr Graham Gudgin, co-author of yesterday's @Policy_Exchange report on why a post-Brexit Irish border without physical infrastructure is fully attainable  
Please can we agree, when this Brexit nightmare is finally dumped, that this Government has treated the UK people with contempt and total disregard for what is best for their country. We will never forget those who were too weak to lead and too daft to act as cabinet ministers.  
Interesting to see the moderate wing of Leave start to push more confidently for soft Brexit.  
.@wesstreeting – Government “sinking into quicksand of Brexit”  
Got some trolls triggered with this tweet. Always a good sign. So, the key here is to give people a break for voting for brexit before based on lies but give them credit for seeing the reality now. Let's keep hammering that one and people's vote, pressure on local MPs #FBPE 
Excuse me @GavinWilliamson. But did you mean to say that "In a post Brexit world, our only *holiday* will be in our imagination"?  
#EUsupergirl speaking and performing at the "Women Against #Brexit" event outside Europe House on Sunday 13th May 13:30pm @Women_4_Europe @OFOCBrexitAlongside the wonderful @cliodiaspora#GirlPower #Stopbrexit #EUsupergirl 
So no Brexit legislation for the next fortnight. Running scared. 
"Brexit trade deal could take 10 yrs"This is getting plain ridiculous nowWe already have free trade deal with rest of EU.So how can carrying on status quo after #Brexit take 10 yrs?They must think we are stupid.This is just another #ProjectFear story. 
A complilation of statements from different countries in support of #KashmirPlebiscite, referendum in Kashmir and resolution of Kashmir issue.  
All together ... sing along with Sir Cliff ... We’re all going on a .... Brexit holiday ... we’re all going where the £ is weak ....  
"This isn’t how it’s supposed to be working out." says @danieljhannan Fortunately, lots of people are to blame:1. Remainers2. Labour3. Civil servants4. Pessimists5. People who think Brexit had something to do with immigration.6. Er, that's it.  
There are over 1 million UK citizens living in Europe, but if the Tories catastrophic hard #Brexit goes ahead, they will become third country nationals, threatening their freedom of movement & employment rights. @theresa_may must wake up & start taking their concerns seriously. 
Call me simple butWe had a referendum where the people got one vote eachThe people who got a vote included Mps and Lords One vote eachSo why are some people getting another voteI'm notAre you ? 
Not a surprise that #Spain obstructs investigation. #1oct referendum violence was authorized by PM @marianorajoy's cabinet. They should be investigated and tried in international court for state terrorism and political repression. #Catalonia 
#KashmirPlebiscite in one pictureReferendum against India.Funeral of Indian occupation.#BurhanWani 
Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna presses sister party @UKLabour to do the right thing to prevent a hard border by retaining “full access and full alignment with the single market and customs  other solution is possible.” 
After Corbyn whips Labour peers to back #Brexit ex-Hull council leader Colin Inglis quits Labour.He was a labour member for 44 years!We need a #peoplesvote leading to an #ExitFromBrexit 
People have a right to change their minds and deserve a second vote, says Brexit-SteveD  
Finally, a benefit to Brexit. It’ll be harder for Katy Hopkins to come to Belgium. 
Spare me the English writers arguing abortion in Ireland shouldn't be decided by a referendum. Of course it shouldn't (you goons) but it's a *constitutional requirement*, which you'd know if you'd done a moment's research before riding in on your neocolonial white horse 
The EUISS will host the event 'The future of #EU foreign, security and defence policy post #Brexit' on Monday 14 May. You can watch the panel discussion between @FedericaMog & @MichelBarnier live at 1700 here:  #EUdefence @eu_eeas @EU_Commission 
This is a FACT: @JeremyCorbyn can’t stop #Brexit. Those in the political commentariat, in the PLP and “journalists” who know this but wilfully ignore it to damage him should hang their heads in shame. 
 No Brexit isn't going to harm the economy  Yet another BIG MONEY contract getting taken out!! How much more before the deluded realise this is going to be the biggest joke in living memory  Any Britnats in Scotland need to think long and hard too   
Here’s Dan, he voted (& campaigned for) leave but now thinks Brexit is not going to plan & is taking longer than he thought. He had wanted an #Efta Brexit but that’s not reality.@DanielJHannan it’s ok to change your mind, why not become a #remainernow?  
Mayor Khan Works With European Commission to Launch Pro-Mass Migration Brexit Campaign  
'Tories accused of 'subverting democracy' by not tabling Brexit debates'Brexiters told us for years that EU is undemocratic (it isn't) and how we need to 'take back control' for our Parliament. So why do they now want to shut down parliamentary debate?  
The mistake everyone is making - from the government to the media to the public - is assuming Brexit is just another negotiation, that will somehow muddle itself out.It's not. It is the act of LEAVING THE EU. And when you leave something, you lose its benefits. The end. 
.@AdamBoultonSKY Their repeated assertions that it was clearly said we would be out of the Single Market is Leave's post-EU ref lie on the bus. Helped along by Brexit fan Andrew Neil dishonestly showing cherry picked clips of politicians saying we'd be out  
Amnesty International accuses the Spanish public prosecutor's office of obstructing judicial investigations into Spanish police violence on the Oct 1 referendum. #Catalonia #Spain 
Always worth reading @thetimes Letters page, an occasional delve into the #archive can find some interesting correspondence. The then Shadow Leader of the @HouseofCommons #TheresaMay correcting an article in 2006, with some sage words of advice from #EdwardWhymper. #Brexit  
"That's not my Brexit!"  
Great. Would you also say UK parliament is best placed to assess what happened during EU referendum in 2016? If so, why haven't you responded to their qs? Why won't Zuck come to answer qs? And why won't you turn over ads placed on your platform?  
A key issue in Lewisham East Labour selection is whether the candidates are anti-Brexit & in favour of a people’s vote on Mrs May’s deal 
We now know the answer to the question who would be the first leading Brexiter to break ranks? It’s Dan Hannan. He admits #Brexit is ‘not working out’.We need to #ExitFromBrexit via a #PeoplesVote 
Made a quick video addressing some claims I’ve seen in regards to the upcoming referendum, I hope you’ll find it helpful in some way  
Senior Brexiteer admits Brexit “not working out” as he thought   
#Brexit talks are going badly, not only due to the incompetence of the Conservative gvt. but because we need the EU more than it needs us. As a result, the government is making one climb-down after another in the Brexit talks. We aren’t ‘taking back control’, we are losing it. 
Don't really see contradiction between thinking appointed Peers shouldn't overturn referendum result AND opposing an upper house elected under Proportional Representation myself  
.@DavidDavisMP who visited Irish border for first time in April without notifying local politicians, media or mtg w/locals on their concerns, has now rejected @CommonsNIAC invitation to give evidence on future of border post #brexit You couldn't make it up  
Just listened to @Tom_Slater_ @SkyNews telling the Lord's in no uncertain terms exactly what the British people think of this unelected undemocratic bunch of Toffs trying to thwart Brexit,Way to go Tom!We pay for these people's  lifestyles.Time the lord's was put out to pasture!!  
David Mundell says the idea that the Brexit powers row is about "Jacob Rees-Mogg introducing chlorinated chicken" is "just absolute nonsense".'Jacob Rees-Mogg's chlorinated chicken' is my new pub quiz team name 
Poor Daily Mail!  Like a dog chasing its own fascist tail.“We want Brexit so we can get back to the tradition of British law, not some Euro dictatorship!”And today: “House of Lords didn’t do vote the way we wanted, so it needs to be scrapped!”  
When even the bloke who fronted the Leave campaign admits Brexit is risking trade and says we have to keep access to the Single Market, you know this we have to rethink this thing. We need a @peoplesvote_uk to sort this out! 
I don't know if the Labour leadership is deaf, stupid or dishonest but let me be very clear:THERE, IS, NO, SUCH, THING, AS, A, JOBS, FIRST, BREXIT.Every Brexit scenario will destroy the economy, cost many thousands of jobs & hit the poorest hardest.#StopBrexit 
It's about timing. I expect Corbyn to oppose hard Brexit and have no problem saying it. My arguments are with those who are angry because he won't do so now, or last week, or last year. Until the Tories split, it would be counter-productive for him to take that position. 
You remember I wrote the lyrics for my #Eurovision song 'Roadkill Referendum Vote'? Well, @SimonOak3 has recorded it and it is absolutely brilliant  via @YouTube 
donald glover has inspired me to compose a powerful interpretative dance piece about brexit 
You’re Belgian? Huh. I always thought you were British with all that Brexit nonsense. 
Can I just say a soft #brexit is nearly as bad as a hard #brexit. 
I'm laughing at the No campaign's sudden discovery of freedom of speech-They took me to court for giving out abortion information in 1988, then opposed a referendum on freedom of information. You can't have it both ways 
I’m getting angry at what certain people are saying to me about this referendum so I to have a lil art rant because I’m not good at speaking.Please vote yes to repeal!  
Outrage as people who voted to abolish Britain’s membership in the EU discover that abolishing Britain’s membership in the EU means Britain will no longer be a EU memberBrexit means ExitExit means OutDon’t whine now, it used to be considered un-British  
Anyone seeing the common denominator with this anti Brexit crowd of Blair, the Lords, Miller, etc ?  Yes, they're all incredibly RICH.  
The great irony of Brexit is how its advocates have turned on British institutions: the House of Lords, the BBC, the free press, the civil service, the judiciary.  
Before #Brexit I tried to draw attention to Assad's crimes. I notice that almost always when Syria is discussed a Corbyn supporter jumps in peddling Kremlin propaganda. It is clear that Putin has his claws deep into the Corbynist left. And of course he wants #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
I expect him to oppose hard Brexit when the vote comes to the Commons. You're jumping all over the place man, I can't see why you find it hard to say that that's what he should do. 
Met a British-Caribbean lady yesterday who voted for Brexit. Nothing to do with immigration, sovereignty...  She just wanted things to change.I told her: "You're right. The [metaphorical] gun needed to be fired. But we fired it at the wrong target."  
This man & his ilk sold the British people a fantastical pup that could never be delivered in #Brexit And what did they say when that was pointed out to them? “Fear mongering”   
A fun thing to do is to ask  Brexiters what they actually want in the Brexit deal. 
Granite Brexit needed.  
.@PhilipHammondUK: “I have constantly said that the Brexit vote and the process that flows from it is a source of uncertainty. The reaction to that uncertainty is to slow investment and that’s what we’ve seen … Business investment is lower than it would otherwise have been.” 
Lords shd be reformed to become directly elected with real teeth or a federal 2nd chamber like Bundesrat, when British constitution goes through now inevitable big reform under pressure of Brexit crisis (whether Brexit itself happens or not). As set out in my book out next month  
BREAKING: Amnesty International denounces that Spanish prosecutors prevent an investigation on last year's Catalan referendum police violence, leaving victims unprotected. 
The People didn't trust the Establishment, so the people voted for Brexit.The Establishment are now the ones deciding what Brexit should be.Does it make any sense, at all, for the People to now trust the Establishment with that?#PeoplesVote 
'New watchdog to protect environment after Brexit, Gove says.'From the government that wasted £370,000 of taxpayers’ money fighting air pollution court cases brought against them. I trust them as much with the environment as I do with the NHS. 
Tories accused of 'subverting democracy' by not tabling Brexit debates  
Independence is a chance to say good bye...Good Bye BREXITGood Bye LabourGood Bye ToriesGood Bye BBC, Daily Express & Daily Mail..Good Bye RoyalsGood Bye TridentGood Bye unethical companies Good Bye m'Lords n LadiesAnymore good byes? 
Very sad to see astute journalists & Brexiteers buying No.10 lie that need soft #Brexit as parliament won't vote #NoDealArticle 50 means treaties cease & we're out regardless.Govt just walks away & parliament doesn't vote if there's no deal to vote on! 
Hard Brexit, Hard Times. If Rees Mogg gets his way, families across the UK will be forced to pay more for their weekly shop. Help us stop him: Link: 
Brexiters make Brexit unworkable. Isn’t that just the most Brexity thing ever? FFS. Put it in the bin and let’s get on with our lives. 
It’s pointless trying to get Corbyn to support a #PeoplesVote. He’s not just being obdurate, he actually wants Brexit: in fact he needs Brexit. He needs more poverty, hunger, unemployment, more social unrest, more civil disorder to give his revolution increased momentum... 
The government's blocking of #Leveson2 shows that our politics has now become wholly corrupt, with the Tories paying off the #Brexit press barons for their support. The UK is a failing democracy. Fight for democracy #StopBrexit!#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
We said it at the time and it remains true now: the greatest obstacle to Brexit is the quality of the people advocating for it. 
This is an incompetent, chaotic government running scared from a House of Commons where it has no majority for the #Brexit negotiating position it has adopted with the EU. This is why we will need a @peoplesvote_uk on the #Brexit deal. The case gets stronger with every week.  
Cork-based software firm @teamwork expanding into NI as part of Brexit planning. Creating 85 new jobs (salaries £3.2m) in a Belfast office to protect UK market access with @InvestNI aid of c£700k 
The Tories didn't win.No one won an outright majority.The importance Jacob claims for Brexit policies in the Tory manifesto is made out of thin air. @laboursinglemkt @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
EU is acting like a "bully" by refusing access to its satellite navigation system after Brexit, Britain's science minister says  
*checks*... yup, still a Brexit party.Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn declines to support plan to keep UK in single market  
Brexit News: NY Federal Suit Hits Soros for $10 Billion for Political Meddling, Motivated Solely by Malice; More to Come #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA  
One is a neoliberal pro-austerity party, the other is to the left of Corbyn's Labour.It just goes to show how deeply out of touch Remain extremists are that they imagine a merger of these wildly different parties just because they both oppose Theresa May's Brexit shambles.  
May's Brexit strategy in one gif.  
An important article for Remainers to read: "The only way to protect jobs and public services while remaining one of Europe’s most powerful nations is to stay in the EU. And the best way of achieving that is to get a people’s vote on the #Brexit deal"  
Slowly, inexorably, the impossibility of Brexit is dawning. Hannan's arguing that one foot in the EU is better than both feet outside. Rees-Mogg's vassal state in fact. How long before both feet in the EU becomes the preferred choice? Let's have a #PeoplesVote and find out. 
As we hurtle towards Brexit, Mr Gove's proposals for new #GreenWatchdog are shamefully weak - with no meaningful proposals to protect wildlife or restore nature. This is a clear sign that the government's warm words on the environment are little more than spin. 
I was in Dublin at the weekend, and talked to lots of women (and men) about the upcoming referendum. Was happy to wear the Yes badge I was given #repealthe8th 
It's our FINAL gathering before the referendum this Thurs May 17th! We will form a human YES in lights with footage taken overhead by drone. Bring your friends & let's send all our #Together4Yes support back home for the final week  RSVP here:  
The peers in the Lords don't want to thwart #brexit for personal gain oh no perish the thought.In 2015 official figures show these "types" received £4.6bn from EU farm subsidies between them. 
To have supported #brexit at the time of the ref is one thing, you were misinformed, but too still support it in the light of reality and evidence of the disastrous consequences?  That  is madness on an epidemic scale. 
"The parties that campaigned together to create Scotland’s Parliament must now stand together against Theresa May & Ruth Davidson’s demolition squad." @patrickharvie responds as @SP_FinCon recommends rejection of key sections of UK Gov's Brexit Bill.  
Funny - I wanted to pen an open letter to the rest of Ontario, the 75% who don’t support Liberals, & remind them this is a referendum of 15 years of scandal, mismanagement & political corruption. But I was too busy knocking on doors & installing lawnsigns.  
Britain's Labour Party (the main party of opposition) has only led twice in the past 20 opinion polls since March (and never outside the margin of error)despite Brexit uncertainty, a divided Conservative Party and the Windrush scandal  
Notice how Mr Bone touches his nose (a clear “tell” in body language that reveals a lie) just after he says the Leave camp made clear Brexit meant leaving the Single Market (39 secs in).They didn’t!That was the central claim of cakeism.Keeping EU/SM benefits, but for free.  
BBC platforming Labour and Tory, then Tory and Lib Dem, all talking about SNP Policy and Brexit. SNP are being left out of our own country's media! 
20% rise in cost for a holiday. Another Brexit benefit. 
"The misuse of force by law enforcement officers must be treated as a crime," says @amnesty on the events during the referendum day  
Ok- now It's WAR !Brexit should mean leaving the Eurovision Song Contest, MP claims | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European  
Brexit is fast becoming a Tory no-win, says James Forsyth:  
The BoE Moneray Policy Committee have smelt the coffee - and backed off from the economic insanity of raising rates now. The next move is likely to be downward, I suggest, and don’t even rule out negative rates post Brexit 
Without a customs deal food will rot at our borders after Brexit. Not my words but Lord Teverson's. I simply agree #projectfearishere 
Well said @Hugodixon If you’re campaigning for EEA, you are campaigning to deliver Brexit. End of.Want to fight to stay? Sign up+sharePro-Europeans, don’t fight to stay in the single market. It’s the wrong battle | Hugo Dixon  
BoE has left interest rates on hold at 0.5% and slashed its forecast for economic growth for the yr, leaving the pound in the doldrumsBad news for hundreds of thousands of UK pensioners in the EU who've seen their pensions decimated by the fall in the pound since the referendum 
.@SDoughtyMP – News from Bank of England and ONS show Brexit is “an anchor dragging our economy down”  
FM: "In the EU referendum, Scotland did vote to remain. The problem in Scotland is that our remain vote was ignored." #FMQs 
“We’re against foreign influence in this Irish referendum, that’s why we’re so glad this American company decided to cancel all the ads our opponents bought as part of their strategy.” 
If I was a foreign company, looking at a post-referendum BUT pre-Brexit UK, I would buy everything they had.Their pound is in the toilet so it's cheap to buy from them.They still have full access to the Single Market and Customs Union.I'd make hay before the farm catches fire. 
Lords Drunk with Power'[Lords] have completely ignored the Salisbury Convention, where traditionally for 100 years House of Lords has respected the manifesto commitments of an elected government to be no-go areas for challenging the Commons'#Brexit #EU 
Remainers are accused of "kicking Brexit into the long grass" but it's actually the fantastical and impossible demands of hard-right Brexshitters that is making it impossible to deliver. @theresa_may has a LOT of thinking to do. She needs to get out of bed with extremists 
#BREAKING Amnesty International warns that Spanish prosecution and Interior ministry "are obstructing" investigations about Spanish police violence on referendum day  
Consultation launched by @DefraGovUK on "a world-leading body to hold government to account for environment" after #Brexit 
"Do you think the Lords has overstepped the mark now, outlived its use?” @jo_coburn asks @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#Brexit#bbcdp 
We wanted an end to freedom of movement and now it's too expensive leave the fucking country. ANOTHER VICTORY FOR BREXIT! LET'S WATCH THE REMOANERS TRY AND SPIN THIS ONE 
15 days to the 8th Referendum on removing the right to life for the unborn child. @campaignforleo & @SimonHarrisTD are still in hiding and refusing to debate their proposal. No outrage from the media or opp parties over this, just quiet complicity. Rotten to the core. #SaveThe8th 
Open Europe’s @HenryNewman warns the customs partnership means continuing to pay the EU vast sums of money after Brexit, breaking one of @theresa_may’s red lines:  
What a great strategy , just put everything off till our fate is sealed and there is no way back , declare #Brexit a triumph and let someone else take over and try to salvage something. This is @theresa_may at her worst. 
All these people saying "If Brexit doesn't happen, I'm leaving the country"...It's almost as if Free Movement is a birth right we take for granted... One that means citizens never have to just accept bad governments, as they have the power to seek better lives in other countries  
If @jeremycorbyn demands abstention on single market vote in Commons, Labour MPs must defy him. Otherwise Labour will be an architect of hard Brexit. Unthinkable and unsupportable 
Dear #Merrell/#Europe, The United States  is under a hostile take over by a foreign government who w/the help of the Electoral College installed Putin’s Puppet Trump as president. In any other country @HillaryClinton would be president with the popular vote. #Brexit was First 
What a give-away by Brexit-ultra John Humphreys, using his platform to promote the poison of Brexit.  
Tails wagging dog in Brexit negotiations.About 8-10% of UK GDP is dependent on EU trade yet whole national & Brexit policy's being screwed towards this.Goods from China, USA, etc arrive into customs union with the UK in it.We will happily import/export as they do post Brexit.  
Have to say I agree with @afneil The case for reform of the House of Lords isn't about what's politically useful at any particular time. It's about whether we want a democracy fit for the 21st century. Whatever they do on #Brexit - I'm clear we need an elected upper chamber  
Inconvenient truths are coming hard at Brexit from all angles. Government and Opposition locked in deadly embrace to damage their own country -  very very odd.  
Who knew that the answer to all the crises facing British society, from the unseemly mess of Brexit to the challenges of delivering a fully integrated welfare and health system for an aging population, is to pose for pictures with your legs spread, looking like a chump #ToryLegs 
A Donegal-based farmer has lent his support to the Farmers for Yes network, who are campaigning for a Yes vote in the upcoming referendum on the Eighth Amendment. #together4yes  
Leadsom refuses to deny reports key Brexit bill being delayed until autumn to avoid Commons defeat -   
Very useful article which without realising it spells out the logic of staying in the single market. — Daniel Hannan: For partisan advantage, Labour demands a worst-of-all-worlds Brexit | Conservative Home  
Absolutely. His hard Brexit support is incompatible with objective reporting expected of the BBC.  
Yep, we're banging on about Ireland's forthcoming referendum to #repealthe8th on May 25, because it's a vital fight for women's rights – and lives.Part one: Part two:  
Westminster has not so much been on a different page as a different planet. Literally nobody with any knowledge of EU or influence in it thinks transition can end in 2020 without cliff-edge. If gov wants Brexit, it will take years. It is welcome to ditch this madness any time.  
Guardian: "UK risks mass exodus of EU academics post-Brexit"Independent: "2,300 EU academics resign amid warning over UK university 'Brexodus'"Reality: 25% more EU academics came to UK in 2017 than left. Facts, eh?   
#Brexit is squeezing people’s pay. The pound plunged after the referendum, pushing prices up. Inflation shot up to 2.7% from 0.5% in the month of the referendum and wages have been growing more slowly, meaning people are being paid less in real terms. 
Not only that, but because Andrea Leadsom made this parliament a 2 yr 'session', in an attempt to prevent the derailing of Brexit, she ensured that the Parliament Act (which can only be used after the end of a session) can't be used to override a Lords amendment.@mrjamesob @lbc 
er... no we're ok thanks bye x(But seriously..we might agree on Brexit and some other things, but really we are *very* different parties)  
The Daily Mail question the legitimacy of an unelected House of Lords because they dare to scrutinise Brexit. Yet, they continue to tug their forelocks over the unelected Head of State - despite her penchant for wearing hats with an EU flag design.  
1/ The “new customs partnership” (NCP) has become one of the most bizarre, linguistically confused, conceptually multi-layered concepts in the Brexit debate. A brief analytical thread. 
The Brexit right now has the full agenda of the 1980s far left - leave Europe, abolish the House of Lords, foster extremism in Northern Ireland 
#DailyMail leader on September 19, 2003: “The truth is this prime minister (Tony Blair) hates the robustly independent #Lords, which has proved a more effective check on an over-mighty executive than the Commons.” This rag can be relied upon to be inconsistent. #Brexit 
"House by house, street by street, suburb by suburb, my team and I will make this a referendum on your $80 billion corporate tax giveaway to multinationals, big business and the big banks," Bill Shorten challenges Malcolm Turnbull #Budget2018 
Much guffawing at Brexiteers floating extending the transition period but that is to miss the point. All they care about is getting to #Brexit day. Sorting the subsequent catastrophe out is someone else’s problem. The aim is to assure Bday arrives before impossibilities are faced 
ABOLISH: Iain Duncan Smith calls for a 'reckoning' in the House of Lords as the cabal of Remoaners continues to thwart Brexit."There will have to be a reckoning, a complete and total overhaul." 
The Lords should be careful about trying to change the original decision of the EU referendum, warns @PeterBoneUK on @SkyNews 
Politicians don't want to have to explain their Brexit deal to the public, they certainly don't want to hear what you think about their deal. Join us as we march to demand a #PeoplesVote on 23rd June - Sign up today! 
I'm a millennial and I'm sick of how entitled my peers are. Brexit won't 'ruin your life' and owning a house isn't a human right | @Naomi_theFirsht 
Call off the referendum! Jim has spoken!  
Labour conference agreed a policy that includes the single market & customs union. The party set 6 tests for Brexit. Test 2 “exact same benefits” of single market & customs union can only be achieved by being in them.  JC believes in party democracy so time to listen to the party  
No. They should back the Lords amendment which would meaning leaving the EU (as per referendum) and joining EFTA. It would admittedly then be sensible to have a final referendum on the options in the table: Hard brexit, EFTA or remain. 
If only somebody had said at the time that Brexit should have been done by treaty rather than by Article 50...  
Peter Bone - Going back into the single market was clearly debated in the referendum & people decided that we wanted to come out of the single market@adamboultonSKY - That wasn't on the Ballot paper#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This piece on the DUP unthinkingly sleepwalking into the trap of #Brexit strikes me as absolutely correct and chimes with what @IanDunt has been saying about Vote Leave politicians more generally 
Britain’s champion can-kicker #TheresaMay has delayed yet another difficult #Brexit decision. The “war cabinet” to at last define (2years after #referendum) Britain’s opening bid on #CustomsUnion has been postponed again. Does the PM know about the Article 50 two-year time limit? 
If we seize a clean Brexit, we can end EU protectionism and cut tariffs on food imported from outside the EU, bringing an immediate fall in food prices by 20%. So this story is nonsense.  
Richard Dawkins wants to move to New Zealand to get away from Brexit 'madness'  
If Jeremy Corbyn had got his way and A50 had been triggered immediately after the referendum we would be leaving next month. 
Norman Tebbit shoots himself in the foot with this Daily Telegraph headline. If the people just want efficient bin collections why are we going through the self-destructive madness of #Brexit!#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
So the BBC fails to report on Lords Brexit amendments & their significance across the day. People are then smacked in the face first thing in the morning with Mail and Express declaring "Lords Plot To Thwart Brexit".This is a pincer move. Tory controlled press together. 
Yesterday Google announces a ban on all online referendum campaign advertising, claiming neutralityYou are not looking so neutral today GoogleToday all Pro-Life advertising is gone,Also today Pro-Choice advertising is still onlinePlease Retweet!!!  
Well done @GarethThomasMP for putting forward a bill demanding a people’s voteThe people of this country, not politicians, should have the right to a final say on the Brexit deal@BestForBritain #peoplesvote #finalsay 
Let them eat...very little.One of the most glaringly obvious consequences of Brexit is now official: you will starve unless you pay a lot more.  
I rarely use the F word, but this is latest in Mail’s series of fascistic Brexit headlines which flout the Constitution, deny realistic political & economic choices and offend common decency towards the 63% of voters who did not back Brexit, but will mostly accept it if softer  
Voted with Heseltine to trash Brexit. massive Baroness Uddin Expenses Scandal. Drain The Swamp. #AbolishTheLords 
The Daily Mail true to its 1930s past, using the facist rhetoric of paranoid nationalist hate and division. It is time to pull the plug on this fascist propaganda rag!#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Only the hard of hearing, and dunce-like hard right zealots, can still so readily dismiss what's coming the way of our good old UK, if we were mad enough to not drop Brexit, ASAP, before it literally explodes in all our faces. My anger at this insanity remains cold & unrelenting. 
Short of wars, I can’t think of a more grievous self-inflicted wound for a modern advanced country as #Brexit. All this because of the internal politics of the Selfish Party and the personal ambitions of certain Selfish Party MPs and their backers, the tax-cheating press-barons 
.@LiamFox & I have just announced in Parliament that the new U.K. Trade Remedies Authority will be coming to the great town of Reading, with 100s of new top jobs. Reading is well connected to whole of UK. Vital that UK has strong trade defences post-Brexit. #FreeTradeUK pic.twitter.com/bdE6ehtofV 
None of the "Pro Life" groups supported the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Act. They wanted a third referendum on it. Why are they claiming they support it now and that it covers rape? @PatKennyNT 
#Brexit is turning out to be the UK's largest foreign aid project ever. 
When the most useless person I’ve seen at PMQs manages to expose the emptiness of the government’s Brexit policy so effectively the prime minister should be worried. And so should the rest of us.  
Conservative support for the EEA is growing. In February Conservatives @S_Hammond & @Sandbach led two @HouseofCommons debates on Brexit in which 11 Tory MPs spoke in favour of the UK participating in EEA so, with the PM intent on a hard Brexit, this is now in @UKLabour‘s hands /4 
Promises made about #Brexit, like more money for the #NHS, won't be kept. We, the people, deserve the right to have the final say on any Brexit deal.Join us to march on Parliament on June 23rd to demand a #peoplesvote on the final deal.Please RT 
In case you missed this yesterday,  big ticket real, concrete, identifiable losses coming daily. Brexit hasn’t even happened, but it is clearer and clearer what it will be like unless we change course.  
At a repeal panel talk recently one of the speakers said the No campaign were already making post-referendum plans for further reducing women's rights in Ireland if they win. She said they will be pushing for women to be jailed for the 14 years. THAT'S what's at stake here. 
Delighted to be giving Faculty of Public Health's 2018 DARE lecture. I'll outline key issues for post-Brexit UK food system (if Brexit hasn't ground to a halt or run into sand, or been frogmarched further by then! Hard to predict anything now!) Rule 1 in public health: face facts  
"People in Ireland don't want to be judgemental, but whether you like it or I like it, abortions happen in Ireland." Good interview with @timmydooley on @PatKennyNT - This referendum is about regulating abortions in Ireland. #together4yes 
Electorate was wrong to punish @LibDems for the 2010-5 coalition. The truth behind the tribalist vitriol is LDs did well. They moderated Tories & took UK from the crash to fastest growing economy before Brexit. Grateful to @LibDemLords, pivotal in effort to stop #Brexit insanity  
UK House of Lords report agrees point in 3 Professors report a year ago that UK leaving EU is risky food policy. UK gets 30% of food from EU and 11% more from 3rd countries via EU negotiated trade deals.  Lack of UK Food Plan now a key faultline for Brexit. 
Without the ability to strike free trade deals with the rest of the world, Brexit will be nothing more than a damage limitation exercise  
Is brexit deliverable on time and without damage to the UK? 
Even the nutters concede that their nutsack brexit won’t work 
Numbers backing a new #referendum on #Brexit continue to grow... via @leftfootfwd 
Rather lost in the news today, but House of Lords' report on Brexit and food now available at .  Contributions by the great @ProfTimLang and the not so great @timgbenton amongst others. 
We are where we are because Brexit is being run by mediocrities with little understanding of it.  This compromise is only worth it if the inert advisers / officials are removed and replaced by those who can make it happen.  
A post-Brexit Irish border without physical infrastructure is fully attainable  via @BrexitCentral 
Oh look. Brexit hardliners admit their plan won't be ready by the end of transition.  
Thread: a diverse list of Labour figures voted in the House of Lords for the UK to continue to participate in the EEA in order to meet @UKLabour’s test that the #Brexit deal contains the exact same benefits of the EU Single Market and Customs Union... 
The petulance of Remoaners who feel a sense of entitlement to have another vote on Brexit, simply because their side lost is remarkable.Perhaps in 2057 we can see how we’re getting on outside the EU (if it’s still there) and have another go?  
The 'Independent';'Brexit row explodes within Labour'Translation: 5 Labour MPs from the Northeast have demanded that Jeremy Corbyn push for a new referendum on Brexit....5...out of 258, & in an area that heavily voted to LEAVE the EU...Hyperbole much? 
We warned about this during ref and were told it was just Project fear. This is serious for a whole bunch of good people at @UniOfSurrey David Davis warns lives could be at risk after Brexit  via @PoliticsHome 
Brexit will be fairly bad, but not catastrophic. There will be a few opportunities, but we won't take them. There will be an Irish border, but it won't matter. We'll be poorer, but probably won't notice.These have been my views for two years and I see no reason to change them. 
Rules of origin: A big Brexit problem you haven’t heard about. This is really important and shows that the glib Brexiteers phrase of “Oh we can just revert to WTO” is utter nonsense. Pls RT @thomasbrake @LibDems via @prospect_uk 
I know it seems like Canvassing has been going on for months but for the last referendum they really only ramped up in the last 2 weeks. It's not too late to join your local group and you will be very very welcome 
It is more apparent by the day that BREXIT was bought, not voted upon. The UK has been manipulated by a few rich posh boys and their stooges. This is a criminal deception. we must STOP BREXIT.  
The time, effort & energy being squandered on the absurdity of Brexit: because of a flawed & illegality-infected referendum that yielded no mandate, plus a lost GE still refusing the mandate asked for - we are in the grip of a malign surreality. Fight Brexit: #PeoplesVote. 
We need to keep all options on the table not put all our eggs in one basket. This was a big win in the Lords & a big step in the right direction.Make not mistake though - soft Brexit is a nonsense & only No Brexit will do.  
Let’s be clear: a “people’s vote” is a second referendum to attempt to reverse #Brexit.  I could not oppose this more bitterly:  
If you still haven’t woken up to what Brexit is — and what the hardliners who support it want to turn the UK into — for the love of whatever is holy to you: wake up now!  
Looking to buy city docklands for development ?€18m an acre in Dublin€750k an acre in CorkBoth have frequent London flights for post #Brexit relocation ..  
But ‘soft Brexit’ is pointless: almost-membership with benefits, duties, but no say. Just stop Brexit: the very idea is ridiculous. “Suddenly, soft Brexit can happen. Thank the Lords | Martin Kettle 
Outstanding - good sense from Northern Labour MPs #peoplesvote #FinalSay #Stopbrexit Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break ranks with Corbyn and demand new referendum  
“Make Parliament sovereign again! But only if it backs us.”“Give control back to British courts! But only if they back us.”“Respect democracy! But only when it agrees with us.”Welcome to Brexit Britain...  
It's never been clearer that any form of Brexit is bad for Britain. In the rigged referendum of 2016 the majority was wafer-thin. People are wiser now and it's likely Britain has returned to being firmly pro-Remain. We need to find out in a #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit2018 
No. If Corbyn whipped his MPs to vote in favour of Lords amendment on the EEA (which he won’t do for ideological reasons) he would significantly reduce the economic damage to places like Hull. The narrative that there is nothing Corbyn can do is nonsense. He’s about to own Brexit 
I distinctly remember that woman saying Brexit means Brexit. This is what Brexit means.#PeoplesVote 
In every pre-referendum discussion on Brexit & science, pro-brexit line was "look at Norway/Switzerland/Israel", in Horizon2020 but not EU.If we drop out of EU research programmes, it is a massive betrayal of researchers who have done so much for the UK. 
Don't be gentle @ft "falling consumer confidence" is caused by #Brexit Big cheerleader Tim Martin of Wetherspoons affected. It's what he campaigned for @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
Only the #DailyMail can manage to viciously attack unelected elites in ermine and suck up to the Queen ON THE SAME FRONT PAGE! #Brexit #Traitors pic.twitter.com/Mpn4c2jtW2 
What a fucking despicable rag @DailyMailUK is, it disagrees with the HoL so uses inflammatory language by calling them traitors over their nerve to oppose a wretched tory #Brexit, yet again stirring up hatred, this rag truly is the enemy of the people #bbcnews #GMB #SkyNews 
The self-mutilation that is #Brexit means ceasing to be a large player in a large & influential bloc, with the economic & diplomatic leverage this provides, & becoming a small economy on the margins of the major global economic powers. We must have a vote on the deal. 
How about you do what the majority of your membership want and fight to abandon Brexit? 
Daily Mail going full psycho on the Lords today having campaigned for no reform in 2012. Proof that Brexit really does drive you mad 
The Tory government is too busy negotiating with itself, never mind the EU – and now jobs are at risk. Labour will fight for a Brexit that puts jobs first. #PMQs 
PMQs.... Six - Nil to Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit!!!!Theresa May and her Tories battered like sausages!!!!  
The Brexit talks might have stalled, but an Irish border agreement without a physical presence is possible, says Dr Graham Gudgin of @Policy_Exchange 
Thanks. Useful material for tweeting at any of these MPs when they complain about Lords voting for brexit amendments ... 
US pulling out of agreement that benefits everyone is madness, insists government implementing Brexit  
Jacob Rees Mogg cares nothing for the 'will of the people'. He doesn't want Parliament involved in Brexit because he can't control Parliament...but with his 60 ERG MPs he can control this weak government. Labour must join Tory rebels to stop him or be complicit in hard Brexit.  
#Brexit : northern #Labour MPs demand new referendum to avoid economic catastrophe:  
.Erm.... David..... You've got it backwards.You & your Government & your Brexit are putting our lives at risk.. 
Guess what everyone? Yep, in about a month it’s the last stop for Brexit before we end up with no deal then being ratified as the deal. People keep assuming we have much longer. We don’t. 
A very insightful piece for NI watchers like me. 'DUP faces heavy responsibility for Brexit position taken lightly'  
"In 2017, 200 non-EU countries from around the world sold products to the EU worth €1.8 trillion" according to EU.  Milords, pls read our research of EU data before you spout more garbage.  Full #Brexit story:  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at158,291 Signatures and rising. Thanks to people of UK who see the Lords as a bunch of unelected freebooter's who directly attacked the people of our UK & democracy. 
"PROOF LORDS ARE WRONG" - Definitive analysis of world's exports to EU in 2017.  We prove vast majority of sales to EU don't involve Customs Union, Single Mkt, EEA, or anything else. #Brexit story:  
The UK voters who voted to stay in the EU definitely did not know what or who they were voting for in the referendum. They voted for the Lords to keep vast amounts of money from the EU in land subsidies and pensions while struggling to live themselves. 
Channel 4 News on Fuzati, Facebook and the referendum on the 8th  #trustwomen #YesRepeal #TogetherforYes  via @paraicobrien 
Lord Patten describes Brexit as"blundering into the politics of Northern Ireland with a policy which is sometimes clueless and sometimes delinquent - with a can of petrol and a box of matches in the other hand”. #brexitshambles #ThankTheLords 
."The DUP is now publicly panicking over Brexit.". by @NewtonEmerson in The @IrishTimes 
5 northeast #Labour MPs call for a People’s Vote on #Brexit. Now is the time for Labour’s #Yorkshire MPs to step up to the plate & give us, the people, the final say. Please do the right thing @hilarybennmp @FabianLeedsNE @MaryCreaghMP @RachelReevesMP 
Britain's retired sun seekers risk losing their pensions after Brexit  
Brexiters love to write off #Brexit-related damage to business as ‘project fear’, as if we’re all just making up stories and talking down our own companies out of blind love for the EU. No, it’s because there IS damage, it WILL get worse and #Brexit IS responsible. 
The Brexit right calling for abolition of the House of Lords - & the end of the Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland - puts them on the same extremist pitch as Tony Benn & Arthur Scargill in the 1980s 
The North-East will be hit hardest if we stop trading with the EU – that's why we're demanding a new Brexit vote.Five more @UKLabour MPs sign up to demand a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.It must have an option to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Peers say it is unclear whether the government's primary goal after Brexit is lower food prices, or maintaining high animal welfare and food safety standards 
Brexit shambles, Devolution under threat and all bar Tories opposing WM manoeuvres, oil prices soaring - seems to me we have an unparalleled number of ducks in a row. #indyref2 
“We believe this referendum will be won on facts, and now when undecided voters are searching online, they’ll see the most relevant answers to their questions – not the ones that are paid to be put in front of them,”  
Upon UK quitting the Single Market & Customs Union, the part of the UK that will be worst hit will be the North East. An area that has seen precious little investment by the Tories will be the one that bears the Brexit brunt... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
But not, however, agit-prop which stirs up racial tension, stokes class war, urges nationalism. That hacked the phone of a murdered girl, smeared Hillsborough victims to shelter inept filth, that fight to keep kids in poverty, cut foreign aid, cheer Brexit. Spare a copper, sir?  
Warning of rising food bills and disruption to supplies after BrexitHouse of Lords report gives the lie to cynical false concern for the poor from Mogg and Brextemist elite 
.@jeremycorbyn why won’t you be an opposition?! It would be easy to do the right thing and oppose @theresa_may’s #Brexit. You’d win the #Remain vote and save the nation from self harm but instead you carry on echoing their stance for your own ideology  
Billy Bragg, in response to @IanDunt 's Corbyn attack article. Read the thread. It's a great articulation of why Labours brexit strategy is correct, and optimises the chance for soft brexit.  
Bushmills whiskey is made in Northern Ireland. Brexit may mean it can no longer be described as Irish  
We can't have unelected Lords interfering with Brexit, says paper with fawning picture of unelected head of state on front page. 
This is being reported by the BBC. (Was the news editor asleep perhaps and this slipped through?)Brexit: Warning of rising food bills and disruption to supplies  
DUP faces heavy responsibility for Brexit position taken lightly  
Here is what the Government's own analysis suggests about the impact of Brexit on the North East (). Labour does not back EEA membership so we are in the FTA-type scenario. 
P.S. A loss in the 2nd round shouldn’t be a referendum on The Process. And neither should a championship 
Changing the rules right in the middle of the fray,"The Together for Yes group, the umbrella group campaigning for a Yes vote in the referendum, confirmed that it maintained regular contact with Facebook and Google"#AbortionNever, #8thref, #Savethe8th. 
#Google will ban all ads related to Irish abortion referendum following fears online campaigns could sway the vote  
Brexit: Warning of rising food bills and disruption to supplies  
Pray for Ireland as their abortion referendum approaches.  
American right wing Christian groups meddling in our democratic process yet again. Apparently trying to hijack our marriage equality referendum wasn't enough. Lads... for real... Feck off.    
Irish women open up about abortion ahead of referendum  
Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break ranks and demand new referendum.Five MPs from the North-East say a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal is critical.They say thousands of jobs are at risk from Brexit and the facts are only now becoming known  
Yes, they do. Unfortunately the Referendum on the 8th Amendment will have no effect on their rights as it only applies to the Republic of Ireland. 
1820 Scottish Rising – Scots Betrayed Yet Again By Unionist Spies Acting for their Westminster Paymasters – 22 Scottish Martyrs Sentenced to Death For High Treason and Sedition – Next Referendum Remember The Brave Men Who Gave Their Lives For Freedom  
I'm glad May and Corbyn are under such pressure over Brexit. They deserve it. Both tried to force through constitutional change without a national consensus. If Leave had won a supermajority of 67% it would be diffetent. But their wafer thin win was 5 million votes short of that. 
Today's daily mail IT'S TIME TO PULL THE PLUG ON THE LORD ROTHERMERE #BREXIT  
Did it take some Labour MPs too long to reject Corbyn's Brexit love-in with the Tories? ~ Yes.Do we forgive them now that they've finally seen the light? ~ Yes. Did voting #ABTV at the local elections have an influence on them changing their mind? ~ You betcha !!!#FBPE 
Row over Corbyn’s approach to Brexit explodes after five Northen MPs break ranks and openly demand a new referendum on the UK’s withdrawal deal. The MPs from the Northeast say a new vote is essential now the true nature of Brexit has emerged.#FBPE  
I'm old enough to remember when proposals to extend the Brexit transition period were treacherous Remainer plots to undermine the will of the people....  
The calling card of the 'nista. "I am no fan of #brexit but ..............."If you genuinely aren't then fight it. We voted for austerity too - are you fighting that?& your man? He's rubbish - sack him before he can do any more damage.& hey yeah! Stop being a defeatist.  
I suppose that I might be squealing if I was an unelected elitist and about to lose £80k in EU farming subsidies because of #Brexit  
Rees-Mogg:“Arrogance of House of Lords is unbelievable.#EU is entirely unaccountable which is why it's natural the House of Lords is its biggest cheerleader.Unelected, unaccountable people support each other... birds of a feather flock together”#Brexit 
Suddenly, soft Brexit can happen. #ThanktheLordsNo #Brexit especially one that removes Rights can be valid w/o a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit option to Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to leave or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain #FairVote 
Personally think these are the strongest posters of the referendum to date. Would love to see @DCUSU have some if that were possible. 
It's why we still have vicious attacks on the most vulnerable. It's why we still have a PM who couldn't run a jam stall. It's why we still have a buffoon for a Foreign Secretary. It's why the #NHS is disintegrating. It's because this man wants Brexit  
Go on, I fucking dare you, tell me the fuck again that Corbyn doesn't want fucking Brexit? Tell me the fuck how my not supporting him gets us a fucking Tory Hard Brexit? You want I should support Corbyn? What, so he can have HIS Hard Brexit? Yeah, right, absofuckinglutely.  
Our #Brexit: food prices and availability report is out now:  
Brexit Explained  
“traitors”“betray”“a reckoning”Oh give it a rest @DailyMailUKIt’s called parliamentary sovereignty, you know, what you’ve spent years campaigning for? There’s a reason the Lords have defeated the govt 14 times - because #Brexit is a disaster.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
The Daily Mail is ranting about "traitors in ermine".I fixed their front page to show what one of these actually looks like.Yes, it's none other than Lord Rothermere, owner of the Daily Mail & ardent admirer of Adolf Hitler.I'm sure he'd have been keen on #Brexit too.  
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn declines to support plan to keep UK in single market  
Don’t believe a word of what the government says when it says they’re planning for a “green Brexit”.This is not a government even remotely serious about the threat of climate change. 
The Daily Mail always pushing there right wing views down people's throats, pity they didn't pay their taxes to. #skypapers #BrexitShambles #brexit @toryboypierce @DailyMailUK 
This is some top work by @EUflagmafia As they say, for a year now polling has indicated U.K. is #Remainernow the reality of #brexit is becoming clearer. It’s great that they can help get that message out on #europeday 
This would be a disaster for the Conservatives come the next general election. Sir John Curtice’s view that the local election result means the government must deliver on Brexit is surely right, he usually is. Voters will rightly ask why it hasn’t been delivered.  
Want to show your support for @ClaraPonsati as she faces extradition to Spain and a 30-year jail sentence for her part in a peaceful democratic referendum? Join us outside Edinburgh Sheriff Court, Chambers St, 9.30am, Tues 15 May.  @AamerAnwar 
Blisteringly brilliant.@pmdfoster exemplifies the quality difference of GB journalists working on #brexit who actually take the time to visit the Irish border, to listen, observe & better understand.Similarly @BBCChrisMorris @Raphael_Hogarth @JohnGPeet 
9) There’s no ‘good’ Brexit deal, only more or less bad ones.  
when did the daily mail ever believe in democracy, in the 1930s they supported Hitler & the nazi's, #skypapers @toryboypierce #brexit #BrexitShambles 
For the first time in a long time it feels like there's a growing number of Parliamentarians speaking out against Brexit, against the untold damage it would bring, and proudly fighting for us in the national interest.Thank you North East @UKLabour 
How do you provide £12m of services to @LeaveEUOfficial when it was only allowed to spend £700k during referendum? Lots of questions raised by this story about @Arron_banks 
The man just GLIDES. Seventy-four yards for @A_kamara6! : #LARvsNO Sunday (3:05pm ET) on FOX #NFLPlayoffs #WildPlayWednesday 
So Brexiteers are harangued and cowed with threats and 'we might get corbyn' but Tory Remainers are allowed to run amock whilst flying in the face of the Referendum and their own parties manifesto......!? hmmWho's side are @theresa_may and her cohorts on? 
There's one woman who should get a special mention: She was murdered because she was pro-EU. That of course is Jo Cox, remembered in the @JoCoxFoundation . That was one of Britain's darkest days. It is shameful that so many speak for hate after that. #Women4Europe #StopBrexit 
Opinion: The Northeast will be hit hardest if we stop trading with the EU – that's why we're demanding a new Brexit vote  
To all the (Brexit) trolls & haters who told me, back when I was an EU civil servant working on space policy, that this wouldn’t happen...well guess what...  
#StopBrexit - for @spaceangel1964, for my friend Sandra, in memory of my father and for all who have cancer and who will have cancer in the future. Brexit is inhumane.  
I'm not sure how many times I can say this before it starts to lose its meaning: THE REFERENDUM RESULT IS NOW UNEQUIVOCALLY NULL AND VOID. WE MUST NOT LEAVE THE #EU. #LEAVE CHEATED AND LIED. THE MAJORITY OF UK CITIZENS NOW WANT TO STAY IN THE EU. Clear enough? 
The tory right thank Jeremy corbyn as their #brexit messiah the man who chose to save them  
Looks like @UKLabour MPs are realising that "Jobs First Brexit" is an absurd, meaningless slogan.  
VIDEO (3/3): Patricia Casey, Consultant Psych is VOTING No in the upcoming abortion referendum. The grounds for mental health up to six months will lead to widespread abortion on demand #savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break ranks with Corbyn and demand new Referendum. All very interesting!  
We're delighted Labour members across the country have volunteered to our campaign with @Remain_Labour to pass pro-EU motions in their CLP.We're building a grassroots campaign to ensure our party leadership thinks again on Brexit.​Thank you & please keep volunteering here : 
Yes: this Famous Five are right - and they are perfectly placed to make this call: “Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break ranks with Corbyn and demand new referendum - The Independent  
Pippa Norris and Ronald Inglehart.  Cultural Backlash: Trump, Brexit and the Rise of Authoritarian Populism (CUP) now available to preorder ($29.99) from Amazon.  
Could Rees-Mogg be any more polarising if he tried? He has no interest in healing the divisions of brexit. He needs to start respecting the good faith of those whose views are different from his own.  
The last PM didn't even prepare for one of the 2 outcomes of a referendum he called.This PM hasn't yet got on with leaving the EU customs 2+ years after #Brexit vote.And they say customs exit will be pushed to mid-2020s.If this isn't close to dereliction of duty, what is?  
Facebook, anonymous websites, mystery foreign interference....here we go again. Our Irish Abortion Referendum report from tonight’s #c4news  (Piggybacking on work of @gavinsblog & @LizCarolan) 
Sinn Féin elected reps out in force tonight to deliver a yes vote on 25th.1 MEP, 4 TDs, 1 Senator and 1 Councillor. Pro repeal elected reps need to go out on the doors and win this referendum one conversation at a time.  #repealthe8th #8thRef #TáforMná 
The House of Lords is one of the finest of British institutions - for the moment -defending the people's interests against a poisonous May-Corbyn Brexit.Of course it's not democratic, but in the absence of an Opposition in the Commons, needs must. 
On way to @BBCNewsnight to talk about role of Lords and #Brexit The most important issue of our time and a challenge for our Parliamentary democracy 
The biggest mistake of my 32 years of voting was voting brexit, it was my of saying fuck you to the elites, didn't think so many people felt the same that it would happen, I'd welcome another! #RegretsIveHadaFewButThisFuckupWinsHandsDown 
For the first time since June 2016, I can smell the blood of Brexit. Keep fighting guys. 
Game changer. Five courageous  and principled #Labour MPs from the North East call on our party to support a #PeoplesVote. A huge thank you to @MPphilwilson @PaulWilliamsMP @bphillipsonMP @annaturley @CatMcKinnell#Brexit is not inevitable.  
“The British people should have their say on the final Brexit deal”. Significant intervention tonight from MPs from the North East, where the economy will be hit hard by Brexit  
Just noticed the editor of @thetimesIE deleted his reply and blocked me. Their direct involvement in getting Google and YouTube to ban ads in Ireland before a referendum is one of the most shocking and frightening things I’ve ever seen from a media organization.  
Oh FFS! When are we bringing back rationing? We were never happier than when it rained doodlebugs. Imagine how good bananas will taste when you haven't had one for five years.This nostalgic bullshit led to brexit in the first place, an economic disaster still unfolding.  
Let's face it Corbyn has backed the Tories all the way on Brexit and has even made it easier for this grotesque government to survive !.He is supposed to oppose the Tories but refuses to listen to the people or his own party !#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
So the historic decline, turbocharged with corruption and #Brexit, continues. It’s an information war, folks. And     an already monopolised broken press leaves us very vulnerable to the far right  
There you go @UKLabour ! Thats what you need to do!!Come on lads!! More opposition to Tory Brexit please. Better late than never.#PeoplesVote 
Norwegian ex-MP describes how current British Govt approach to #Brexit talks gives EU the edge, EEA is not good for Britain, and that,a No Deal is better than a bad deal! 
Dear Labour Remainers, you are the majority of Labour members, if you want to stop #Brexit you have to apply the maximum pressure on the party leadership. If Labour does not change course, Brexit will be inevitable. This is your moment! Seize it!#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
There’s a huge referendum happening in Ireland next week about abortion. I understand that people have very strong views about this topic but it’s a vote to give people a decision, not whether you agree with abortion or not. Freedom of choice is ours! 
Big coup, this. A couple of these MPs haven’t publicly been anywhere near anti-Brexit movement, and also represent Leave-voting seats. If they can be brave enough to put their heads above the parapet to challenge this shambolic govt, hopefully more of their colleagues will too  
Theresa May forced to give MPs single market vote after shock defeat - surely people should have a vote on Brexit deal too! That's why we support the #PeoplesVote 
.@ChukaUmunna, pro-EU Tory?Chuka is fighting the Tories and their far-right Brexit coup. Fighting for livelihoods of working people up and down this country. These far-left people are fucking clowns.  
This is it, folks. This is the post-Brexit/Trump turning point where Silicon Valley has tasked itself with manipulating social media platforms to make sure the approved causes win elections. They're starting in their tax shelter, Ireland.  
The North East will be hardest hit if Brexit goes ahead. Read why Labour MPs are calling for a people's vote on the final deal  
Oh course Brexit will benefit ordinary working people - that is why Arron Banks has spent a total of £21m making it happen!  (And if you believe that then I am afraid you are beyond help)  
Where To Get False Pro-Life Propaganda Now Facebook Has Banned Foreign Referendum Ads  
Lords may vote for a United States of EuropeBut by majority vote, British People Rejected:Rule by unelected #EU CommissionPaying EU £13+ Billion each yearEU lawsEU armyEU taxes!EU Customs trade protectionEU plundering British fishing watersUnlimited immigration#Brexit 
Back in Week 6...Tom Brady CALLED HIS OWN NUMBER. : #NEvsKC -- Sunday 1/20 (6:40PM ET) on CBS#WildPlayWednesday  
I joined north east @UKLabour MPs @CatMcKinnell @annaturley @PaulWilliamsMP @bphillipsonMP to state the case for a @peoplesvote_uk on the Brexit final deal  
I am so close to being done with the UK. Truly. What more do you want from us? Are we really such an abomination that you cannot even grant us data protection? That Brexit is a right wing coup is no secret. But the casualness with which so many are waving it through, stirring 2/ 
Our member Colin Ashford, a 98-year-old Dunkirk veteran, is back to full health and has given talks in London.He said ‘Brexit for defence’ was a critical issue and ministers should “provide clarity not plans that keep us tied in.”“This should have been settled by now,” he said.  
In normal circumstances this would be a government-toppling scandal. But for our Brexit-snorting kakistocrats it’s just another day of broken promises and shabby failing governance. One day this nightmare will end but Christ it can’t come too soon for these shitweasels.  
Omdz! What a panel! I'm gonna buy a bottle of tequila and drink every time they say:MomentumJeremy CorbynBrexitSingle MarketEconomy  
Opinion: The Northeast will be hit hardest if we stop trading with the EU – that's why we're demanding a new Brexit vote  
Respect to these 5 NE Eng labour MPs for speaking out on need for a #peoplesvote due to effect on region!As they say “new facts are emerging every day that were not known to voters before the 2016 referendum” Agree & is why there are many #Remainernow 
‘Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break ranks with Corbyn and demand new referendum’Pretty soon, it’ll be just Corbyn, McDonnell, Skinner and Hoey supporting Brexit.3 Old Trots and a Kipper.  
What 'mandate' has Anna Soubry to speak for anyone or scheme against govt?1) She stood on #Brexit manifesto in 2017.2) Her constituency favoured Leave.3) Her current party (I know, baffles me too) is the party in govt, tasked with delivering Brexit.She'll be gone at next GE. 
No part of the country has more at stake over Brexit than the NE & it remains totally unclear how Govt will mitigate this. Why I'm joining colleagues @MPphilwilson @bphillipsonMP @PaulWilliamsMP & @annaturley in calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final deal  
."The row over Jeremy Corbyn’s approach to Brexit has exploded after five MPs from the party’s northern heartlands broke ranks & openly demanded a new referendum on the UK’s withdrawal deal.". 
Five Labour MPs from the North-East of England are calling for a vote on the Brexit deal. "Nobody was sure what the options were...As each day goes by new facts emerge that weren’t placed before the voters at the time of the referendum." 
So Arron Banks' @LeaveEUOfficial received more than £12m of campaign services from a company controlled by a businessman er.... called um Arron Banks, despite its referendum spending being capped at £700,000.  
Brexit is a scam. It’s not of or for the people. #StopBrexit 
The lies & hate propaganda of the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press are undermining our democracy. A democracy cannot function if voters can't tell truth from falsity. But then that appears to be exactly the goal of the Trump-Brexit Kleptonationalists.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Labour Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break rank from Corbyn and demand new referendum  
5 NE Labour MPs say that the damage to their area from Brexit is now becoming clear.Will JC supporters say they should be “loyal” to Corbyn & his nutty Brexit or will they reflect & acknowledge they are doing as they should for constituents & country?  
Next time someone tells you about Brexit and Labour's northern heartlands, point them in the direction of @bphillipsonMP @PaulWilliamsMP @MPphilwilson and @CatMcKinnell  
Nick Timothy in @Telegraph conditioning for indeterminately long transition to Max Fac. Or the Hotel California Brexit customs plan 
MUST-READ Labour MPs in the North East of England demand a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal.  
Husband and I voted Yes in 1975 Referendum and have relished and valued our EU citizenship...now as Grandparents we are fighting to try to ensure our sons (late 30s) and 3 Grandsons continue to benefit during their future lives. 
So pleased to say that the motion to approve funds to subsidise travel for students going home to vote in the Irish Referendum was passed tonight - keep an eye on the Oxford SU website in the next couple of days to find out how you can apply! #HomeToV8te #HomeToVote 
Has Ireland's abortion referendum been influenced by foreign Facebook ads?  
Spot on from five northern Leave constituency Labour MP colleagues on why we must oppose a hard Tory Brexit & give the people a vote on any final deal #SingleMarket #brexitshambles #PeoplesVote  
If anyone ever tells you that Brexit is simply following the pattern of any other complex negotiation: it isn’t. If you’re not familiar with these things (most of us aren’t), look up “heads of terms” and assess how we’re doing on that front. Brexit isn’t happening. 
“The Northeast will be hit hardest if we stop trading with the EU – that's why we're demanding a new Brexit vote” | fantastic piece by @MPphilwilson @annaturley @PaulWilliamsMP @bphillipsonMP & @CatMcKinnell backing a #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk  
Me too. And I’m sick of wasting my time constantly reviewing costs (keep increasing b/c of Brexit) & changing retail prices (used to only be once a yr), trying to protect my business from going bust - I should be spending that time investing in & growing my business.#StopBrexit 
I worked briefly on the Galileo programme in a previous job. Advanced European co-operation at its finest. This news isn't just sad, it's a monumental act of national self-harm #Brexit  
Exclusive: Labour #Brexit row explodes as northern MPs break rank from Corbyn and demand new referendum  
Twitterstorms are fun but this is as serious as it gets. We fight for equality, we fight for our rights, men alongside women and as part of the EU we have greater rights and greater protection than ever before.Do you think the Brexit govt will deliver the same?#Women4Europe 
The public back a #PeoplesVote - but we need the #Labour leadership to make it a reality. Make your voice heard, sign up with @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU and call for a change in party policy. #Brexit is not inevitable.  
Google banning Irish referendum ads is targeting the 'No' side, their 'both sides' is BS. They know the Irish media & establishment is utterly compromised, we are banned from TV & Radio ads & even our posters are being stolen on an industrial scale. 'Democracy' how are ya. 
Look at these fantastic brochures all about the referendum and all in Polish! DM us if you'd like to use some for your local canvasses or to display them in any local places. We'd love to share the #together4yes message in Polish everywhere! 
Dear @jeremycorbyn90% of @UKLabour members want to stay in the Single Market.80% of @UKLabour members want to stay in the EU and want new referendum on deal.Many leave voters who are #Remainernow want a #peoplesvoteAre you for the many or the few? 
Donald Trump pulling out of the Iran deal has only helped to  demonstrate that Theresa May has no intention of having a post Brexit independent foreign policy for the UK. She & her Government still want to be tied to the EU foreign policy. Her Brexit plans are just a sham. 
Brexit was supposed to lead to domino collapse of the EU but it's done the opposite. The Irish in 2016 were about 70%ish in favour of EU. They've since looked at Britain's catastrophic antics since and thought, "No thanks."Now support for EU has soared to 92% #PeoplesVote 
Gareth Thomas MP is proposing a bill to ensure Brexit won't happen without a People's Vote  
BUT YOU WHIPPED YOUR MPS TO VOTE FOR IT EVERY STEP OF THE WAY !And What are your plans? Ooh I know Fudge fudge fudge, to make sure you con people into voted Labour.  Labour - the string you along party - You are a Tory Brexit enabler.  
The Indy asks "Are we witnessing the birth of Corbyn 2.0?" after he tears apart Theresa May over Brexit at this weeks #PMQs 
Great thread on democratic legitimacy in the EU. Could aspects of it be better? Of course! But as I watch UK government trying to use #Brexit to shift even more power in UK from legislature to already over-powerful executive, I don't think democracy is the long-term winner in UK.  
Corbyn must back SM or throw away millions of votes. Lords have shown the way. Labour won't win a GE if it ducks this. Nationalisation is nothing compared to Brexit. You can't bring justice or help the poor from a position of weakness outside EU.   
What are the financial consequences of losing EHICs after Brexit? A lot, if you are old and have long term conditions. Our new paper in J @RCPEdin with @Dorothymckee  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at 157.250 and rising. The more the unelected Lords turn against the people of UK the higher the signatures are going. Every signature is a win for the voters of UK. 
So basically, the Daft Left are now saying the goverment's breaking David Cameron's promise about #Leveson2 whilst not seeing that they are supporting the breaking of David Cameron's promise re #Brexit. The definition of hypocrites is available in all good dictionaries. 
Funny how @UKLabour want to hold us to the words of Cameron from 2012 over #Leveson2, but refuse to accept when Cameron said in 2016 we'd leave the Customs Union when we voted for #Brexit.Hypocrites much...  
UK should demand £50 billion of the EU's £130 billion assets as part of the diviorce settlement.Why is this not even asked for?Why haven't the media covered this important aspect of #Brexit? 
Matt on Labour’s Brexit position - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Why can’t we have a referendum in India where People decide whether Kashmir should be with India or with PakistanThose who vote for Pakistan, simply send them to Pakistan... Over  
Retail sales record worst fall in 23 years.Just check where we are on the expected Brexit damage timeline right now.  
I'm a millennial and I'm sick of how entitled my peers are – Brexit won't 'ruin your life' and owning a house isn't a human right - The Independent  
Iain Duncan Smith lays into 'ABUSIVELY RUDE' House of Lords after Brexit BETRAYAL  
So I was just on the Last Word with Matt Cooper discussing the Google moratorium on referendum ads & why it's good for democracy - though proper legislation to regulate this area will be even better!  
"I personally think she would be much better off if he flounced out... it would complete his rather extraordinary performance as foreign secretary" - Kenneth Clarke MP reacts to Boris Johnson's criticism of the government's proposals for a post-Brexit customs arrangement.  
3/ Now some honorary chicks in the @Women_4_Europe shout out.Men who always have our backs.@heeney77 @StevePeers @GuitarMoog @ottocrat @chrisgreybrexit @brexit_sham @JolyonMaugham @GeorgePeretzQC @StevePeers @ali__samson @AngryNorthernUK @SebDance So many more.  Add more! 
The strangest thing I have seen out there today is that there are still people in existence who think Jeremy Corbyn is playing a long game on Brexit.No seriously... these must be the people who bet on Wngland to win the World Cup#fbpe 
Google and Facebook restrictions on Eighth Referendum ads are welcome - but we can't leave fate of our democratic decision making to the good intentions of international companies says @CathMurphyTD  
New slogan - No FT No Brexit. If we can’t get Frictionless Trade we should not do Brexit. Simples. 
#Brexit harms, not helps, our non-EU trade with the rest of the world:  
EU were rightly worried when their cash cow/security provider voted Leave. As it turned out, they can't believe their luck; MPs & Lords hold UK citizens in such contempt that they're hell-bent on sabotaging Brexit & diminishing its benefits. 
Google and Facebook are banning ads from foreign entities seeking to influence referendum.India allows foreign agency funded NGOs to file PILs to directly change laws, attack native traditions. When will @rsprasad @narendramodi regulate this? 
May complains that Corbyn has spend his political career wanting out of the customs union but now wants in.Has she forgotten that she campaigned to remain in the EU but now wants out, whats changed May #BREXIT 
Okay what's getting @ChukaUmunna's goat now? He's done Brexit to death. antisemitism seems to have been put on the back burner now the elections are over, so now it's full throttle on Momentum. Shouldn't someone tell him he should be fighting the Tories?  
The man who would be Prime MinisterSo tied up by his dogmaHe would rather support the Prime MinisterHis desire for BrexitIs sinisterThe man who could've been Prime Minister  
If I were an MP or lord I would be livid beyond redemption that we were wasting our political institutions’ time on the arrant nonsense that is #Brexit.As a member of the public I am also livid beyond redemption.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Is #Corbyn Labour about to commit the greatest act of betrayal in #Labour party history? If the obdurate Corbyn continues to support Tory Brexit - and right now it looks like he will help them deliver a hard Brexit, he is an enemy of the people. @Keir_Starmer @OwenSmith_MP 
David Coburn MEP - "Nobody elected these people in the House of Lords. Quite frankly they’re all friends of Tony Blair or Cameron and we know what they’re all about."They are defying the British people. Well, perhaps the House of Lords have had their day." #Brexit  
Many families in Scotland include members from or living in EU countries – children, elderly relatives & partners. We’re committed to Protecting What Matters for these families throughout & after Brexit. Read more about what’s at stake:  #EuropeDay #ThankEU 
Make no mistake the @UKLabour leadership wants a hard #Brexit which will deal a severe blow to jobs & wages. They will only change course if Labour Remainers make it absolutely clear that their political careers will be ended if they continue to support Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Wishing everyone a happy #EuropeDay from Berlin. We can still stop #Brexit. Never give up  Also a big thank you to @euwomeneu for organising today’s brilliant #Women4Europe event. We look forward to seeing you in London for the #PeoplesVote march on 23 June for some more  
This referendum is so infuriating and stressful I can't even imagine what it's like for people whose bodies it actually affects 
Lords vote: Now everyone will be able to see clearly that it's Corbyn who'll deliver the Tories' hard Brexit. The disaster that is Labour under #Corbyn about to become a catastrophe. @Keir_Starmer @DavidLammy @BenBradshawMP @DanJarvisMP @OwenSmith_MP @angelaeagle @heidi_mp 
‘Airbus space contract will move from UK to continent due to Brexit’Who cares?! We’ll make our own space rockets out of Fairy liquid bottles, like we did back in the old days, before we joined the bloody EU.  
The referendum to #repealthe8th is in two weeks & money is badly needed. I have a lot of old books, some rare, some signed, cluttering up the place. I'm going to auction them to whoever makes the highest donation to @Together4yes - auction closes Friday 12 midnight. 
More convinced than ever that showing leadership to expose and halt the folly of Brexit is the only way for Labour to win   
Theresa May is absolutely clueless on Brexit and today Jeremy Corbyn exposed it  
.#Brexodus"A potential €200,000,000 contract between the European Space Agency & Airbus in Portsmouth will be moved to the continent because of Brexit.". 
For those of you keeping score at home here is an updated list of the following things prominent antichoicers think are biased against them. 1. The Citizens Assembly2. The 8th Committee.3. The Media. 4. The Referendum (how a referendum can biased?  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯)...  
Brexit is like football or cricket - invented by the British, then it turns out they’re crap at it 
Watching Theresa May stumbling over her script, which of course bore little or no relation to the pointed Brexit questions posed by Jeremy Corbyn, was just toe curlingly embarrassing. The Maybot gave no answers at all. Because she hasn’t got a clue what she’s doing. GE now. #PMQs 
On 16th of this month we're bringing home a Soldier,a fearless fighter,a Kenyan samurai, who's return causes Jitters in the camp's of the betrayer & the despots. Join him in the fight for liberation 3.0, Truth will prevail over a falsified h/shake and referendum!!@MigunaMiguna 
£12m when the cap was £700k ? Just how much cheating has to be proven before the result of the #Referendum is annulled?  
Sir Bill Cash - "The Lords is unelected, it doesn’t have any democratic legitimacy and they are trying to overturn, speech after speech they talk about overturning #Brexit."  
Having the freedom to easily hire a car when on holiday, and properly explore, is great. Yes, you'd still be able to do this after #Brexit but it would be extra hassle and expense that no-one would enjoy! #EuropeDay 
Happy #EuropeDay If you want to fight for a people's vote on the terms of Brexit,  join us today at  #finalsay 
RIGGED REFERENDUM?Joint statement from #Savethe8th, Pro Life Campaign Ireland and The Iona Institute. Full statement below: 
Read this & RT. It is our duty to understand that the result of the referendum is not final or legitimate. The arguments made in this blog are not only compelling but are why a non-gerrymandered #PeoplesVote must be called to #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit 
As if he needed to tell us. It’s been clear since the referendum that he’s totally off his rocker. I’m surprised he hasn’t spontaneously combusted with rage.  
“This Brexit thing is driving me slightly mad. And I do mean that clinically.” Matthew Parris on becoming a Remainiac in tomorrow’s Spectator. 
Not really surprising that Together For Yes is welcoming Google's decision, announced today, to shut down domestic as well as foreign advertising in the referendum campaign. Perhaps a bit more surprising that their press release is dated as of *yesterday*.  
Would you believe it was also exactly this day in 2015, May 9th when the  very same people suddenly changed message from arguing their own side to instead trying to undermine the legitimacy of the referendum itself  
The government is writing its new policy for farming after #Brexit. This is the perfect opportunity to make sure #pesticide reduction is at the heart of farming in the UK:  Please sign & share for #EuropeDay 
Hahaha Liam Fox advising against unilaterally withdrawing from international arrangements with no sensible alternative arrangement in place. Does Brexit ring any bells as we head towards a cliff. A sublime combination of arrogance and stupidity affects both these politicians. 
.@KenDilanianNBC: The first remarkable thing about this hearing...is that [North Korea and Iran] didn't come up at all. This hearing was entirely a referendum on torture against detainees. #AMR 
My condolences to the bereaved families. Horrible living and working conditions that are not fit for wild animals yet our deceptive and hypocritical "leaders" are busy campaigning for a diversionary referendum.   
Another bit of food for thought for this #EuropeDay - it's fast approaching the holiday season, and we're not looking forward to the impact that #Brexit will have on our plans for summer 2019...  
Interested in politics, law and Brexit, join us on 22 May, I will be in conversation with Gina Miller  
I was proud to support the referendum legalizing gay marriage in Ireland in 2015, and I'm proud to support the referendum on legalizing abortion in Ireland now. If you're an Irish citizen: please, please register and vote. #repealthe8th  
The world knows that the advisory #Brexit vote was hijacked and is now being pushed through by scoundrels against the genuine will of the people.If it goes ahead other countries will treat us as scoundrels for generations to come.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
We'll have 2 follow EU rules in the transition without a vote on them.That’s because the gvt. is so desperate to cushion the blow of Brexit that it has agreed to change almost nothing,except for giving up our voting rights,for nearly 2 yrs.That’s losing, not taking back control. 
A €200m contract between the European Space Agency and Airbus will be moved to the continent because of Brexit, putting workers in Portsmouth out of work. #BrexitJobLosses 
And his solution is Brexit. Leaving the worlds biggest market. Trade tariffs and border controls. Stopping qualified professionals coming in and expelling key tax payers. Even before it happens UK growth slumps to 0.1% - near stagnation. Lunatic Tory ideological economics...  
As some one who voted for @jeremycorbyn twice and In my heart I want to vote #Labour again. I cannot until it offers a final vote, with the chance to confirm #Brexit or #Remain. I say this as an ex Brexit voter, who is a  #Remainernow @mrjamesob 
The current diversionary clamour for a referendum was conceived by @UKenyatta's brother Muhoho and close associates of the DESPOT in order to PROLONG his tyranny on Kenyans, UNDERCUT @WilliamsRuto and undermine democracy. It has nothing to do with REFORMS. 
Airbus space contract will move from UK to continent due to Brexit  
Ed Milliband wants 2nd Leveson because ‘he promised it with Cameron and Clegg’. They also promised permanence for Holyrood & extensive new powers in the Vow. Maybe he’ll revisit that promise in the light of Brexit too. 
Do what’s Best for Britain on Europe day. Join the fight for the UK to stay and lead in the EU.No half measures.No soft Brexit.Change BritainChange Europe Sign up today and use your voice Thank you #FBPE 
This, from @ShankerASingham, is crucial: without the ability to strike free trade deals with the rest of the world, "Brexit will be nothing more than a damage limitation exercise."  
I'm the one who advised @RailaOdinga of @UKenyatta's intentions of EXTENDING his tyrannical regime VIA A REFERENDUM after @UKenyatta offered me money to help them in September 2017 and I declined. I told them that electoral and social justice are paramount. 
This is the leadership of the Labour Party endorsing a hard Brexit. If this is allowed to happen, it will be a disgrace and a betrayal of the overwhelming majority of Labour Party supporters. It will also be economic suicide. Apart from that I don't feel that strongly about it.  
I think if I were an undecided voter, I would find massive online corporations having to take explicit and brand-new stances banning ads on the referendum in response to unethical tactics from international funders supporting the No side concerning at the least. 
Not surprised many MPs are more interested in scuppering Brexit than making a success of it for UK citizens. That was apparent from the start.First priority.  
It should also be pointed out that 95% of our trade is conducted by ship. We are a leading force in maritime trade and our shipping industry is 150% behind Brexit. Some Remainers seem to think it is all done  by lorry via Dover. Hence their obsession with ‘closeness’. 
Wouldn’t be surprised if Theresa May wrote the EU question in the modern studies exam for advice and help , because she’s not got a clue what to do about brexit 
As Boris said it's a longstanding tradition in House of Lords that under no circs should they frustrate what has been mandated  not just by an election but by a referendum too! Not one single Briton voted for this bunch of arrogant elitists. Yet they are hi-hacking democracy  
My intervention on @BorisJohnson – Can I also say how much I support him on the UK needing an independent trade policy with functioning borders. #Brexit  
Yvonne McGuinness and Michelle Darmody who organised my Cillian Murphy interview have launched the #hearmeout website ahead of referendum. Please check it out  
We are back! No real explanation for what has happened.  So, to make up for a lost day please do share our referendum webpage And the most recent video #backinthegame#Repealthe8th 
Why the hell is Theresa May still PM? In almost two years what has this odious woman achieved? A continuation of the Hostile Environment towards migrants/Disabled, usage of increase in #foodbanks, misery of #UniversalCredit, #Brexit nightmare, etc, call an election ffs #PMQS. 
"Theresa May is utterly clueless in the Brexit negotiations." Here's what @Kevin_Maguire has to say about #PMQs 
READ: A potential €200m contract between the European Space Agency & Airbus in Portsmouth will be moved to the continent because of Brexit, the managing director of Airbus has revealed. Please RT:  
UKGov Presentation on a Security Partnership.Slide after slide of good arguments for being a member of the  EU, followed by a complex attempt to largely replicate current arrangements.Brexit is pointless. 
'I'm a millennial and I'm sick of how entitled my peers are. Brexit won't 'ruin your life' and owning a house isn't a human right'  
#BreakingNews The British people will pay $ 200 Million to the AlQaeda #WhiteHelmets that Trump refused to pay - Theresa May #Syria #IranNuclearDeal #IranDealWithdrawl @caitoz @TulsiGabbard @Nigel_Farage @BBCBreaking @krishgm @PaulCraigRobert #Brexit #breaking 
Great speech by my Labour colleague @GarethThomasMP presenting his Bill guaranteeing the public a vote on any final #Brexit deal. Passed without Government even bothering to oppose. #PeoplesVote 
Surely when Shadow Cabinet reflect on overwhelming support for EEA Single Market among Labour supporters & members, they will realise what a betrayal of British jobs and future prosperity this would be? Crucial moment when @Keir_Starmer & @jeremycorbyn must reject hard #Brexit  
"Brexit is too huge to be decided upon by 650 MPs in Westminster"WATCH: @GarethThomasMP makes a powerful case for a #PeoplesVote as his submits a Private Members Bill for a People's Vote in the Commons.Brexit is a big deal, but not a done deal. Please RT:  
Under the bill of rights, the UK's entry to the EEC was and remains illegal and fraudulent. I would now like a refund of all monies paid whilst this fraus was perpetrated on the people of the UK. #Brexit #fraud 
There is no such thing as a green Brexit. Keep saying it and call out Gove for the fraud he is.   
NEWS! US pulling out of agreement that benefits everyone is madness, insists government implementing Brexit  
Heard a brief discussion on the radio today about the Lords vote. Both the Labour and the Tory MP said they'd ignore it. Lots of rubbish about "will of the people" and "our Brexit's better than your Brexit", but NO OPPOSITION WHATSOEVER !!!Labour are a joke.#FBPE 
MP @GarethThomasMP just introduced the #PeoplesVote amendment into Parliament at #PMQs. A public vote is the only way to make sure the Government doesn't give us a crap Brexit.  
Have the Tories given up trying to defend Brexit?(My first piece writing for @theipaper) 
I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of the bill by @GarethThomasMP proposing that the public deserve a final vote on whatever the deal the government negotiates on behalf of us re Brexit #peoplesvote 
Groups calling for a NO vote in the Referendum are holding a 'joint emergency press conference' in Dublin this afternoon following Google's decision to pause #8thref ads. 
Brexit is probably the most stupid thing any democracy has ever done - making it a bit less stupid for a limited period isn’t the answer, the answer is to stop doing the stupid thing. 
Happy #EuropeDay to all! A day to celebrate all that unites us as world citizens & build on the peace & prosperity the continent has brought to the world. This is why we must continue our fight against #Brexit. We have much more that Unites us than Divides us. #EuropeDay #Brexit  
The British government has published the slides on the post-Brexit security partnership, which it presented to the EU last week.(Thread) 
Airbus space contract will move from UK to continent because of Brexit  
Wear more clothes than you own. Borrow a box of fashion to wear all month long. Plans start at $79/month. Introducing the new way to shop. 
Theresa May is absolutely clueless on Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn exposed it 
Google bans Irish abortion referendum adverts  
The Dalai Lama receives from the hands of Catalan MEP @ramontremosa a book with images of Spanish police violence in last year's Catalan referendum.  
Jeremy Corbyn on Tory Brexit: "These negotiations are in a #shambles.""How can they negotiate in the interest of people's jobs & living standards, when cabinet members are more interested in putting their own futures first?"#PMQs #fbpe #waton #bbcqt 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: “The peers set themselves against the people, using an ermine-covered wrecking ball in their efforts to stop Brexit”  
The fight for a #PeoplesVote continues with @GarethThomasMP leading the charge in the Commons to ensure we get the #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal. 2nd reading on 6th July - mark the date in your diaries. #FinalSayForAll #FBPE 
Today I asked @Theresa_May six times about our future customs arrangements with Europe.Each time she failed to answer.23 months after the EU referendum, this is not good enough. #PMQs 
Completely free, unfettered trade with the richest trading block in the world, plus 60+ trade deals, and growing, with countries around the world. Or Brexit in the hope of doing a deal with Trump some time in the future. Which would British industry prefer? 
Possibly one of the first votes cast in the referendum. Postal votes are starting to arrive. #repealthe8th #8thRef #dubw #Time4Choice 
Lovely to see the wonderful @Suewilson91 again today for #MKTalksBrexit (That's #MiltonKeynes not Madeleina Kay although I will be talking #Brexit too!)  this woman is defo an #EUsuperheroes Super star! She's here, there and everywhere stopping brexit! What a trooper!   
Great speech from @GarethThomasMP in House of Commons just now on why we need a People's Vote on the final #Brexit deal.  Second reading: 6 July. Thank you! #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May might think that dodging every question from Corbyn on #Brexit at #PMQs will not be criticised, but the EU are watching and they will see and hear her indecision and cluelessness. 
Labelling of food is increasingly important – I am very keen to have the #WelshDragon or Welsh brand on any food which originates from #Wales post Brexit and am in discussion with officials and ministerial counterparts. #OAQs 
If you couldn't get ready in the last 2 years, with what straight face can you claim you can get ready in the next 15 months?!Do we need a greater example of politicians failing to earn the trust of their voters?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
Leave campaigner Peter Bone says we’re in the unique position where the 2 Houses of Parliament voted for a referendum to let the people decide, they decided so it is up to us to uphold their wishes, Lords do a great disservice to their country & democracy. 
Posting my vote as I’m away on @DruidTheatre business on the referendum date.Voting YES for a woman’s right to choose, YES for trusting women and YES for compassion in a crisis. YES to #repeal8th 
Is this the House of Lords or an episode of Father Ted?THIS IS JUST INSANE. A ragbag of 800 troublemakers, some so rich they could buy London, some so nutty they double as fruit cakes & some so out of touch they might as well be dead. They want to take over Brexit. OMDB.   
In the @HouseofCommons to support @GarethThomasMP’s 10 Minute Rule Bill providing for a @peoplesvote_uk’s on the Brexit Deal - here’s a sneak preview of it #PeoplesVote 
Actually all it will ruin is the functioning of the UK's legal system. The UK will still leave the EU according to what's agreed under international law, it simply means there will be legal chaos at home. If you want a real Brexit "cliff edge" this is the right way to go about it  
Firing banknotes out of cannons into Channel ‘cheaper than Brexit’, say experts 
I don't know about my lovely followers but I'm sick to death of all the shouting inside my home over Brexit hence I'm sleeping outside before that bloody difficult woman and that big blond bloke explode !! Larry today.  
Verdict is out on Corbyn's clinical assault of May over Brexit, if it had been a boxing match the ref would have stopped it. Brutal#pmqs 
A WARNING TO OUR POLITICIANS.  We revere @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson and all Leavers.  But as for the rest of you.,,,,,, #Brexit @theresa_May #Labour 
“Perhaps in a few short years, if we who support this objective approach it intelligently and in an inclusive way, and build support for an agreed Ireland and secure a referendum to end the Union.”- Gerry Adams TD 
Jeremy Corbyn's spokesman suggests Labour will abstain if/when the Government seeks to overturn the Lords Brexit amendment on EEA membership.Any Remainer hopes that Labour would keep UK in single market are dunzo. 
Corbyn wins #PMQs with powerful attack on May's Brexit shambles and Tory infighting  
McGurks reaction to Google announcing they are banning #8thref ads is telling - this is the 1st time we have seen him post about No losing the referendum & talking about it being fixed.  Makes you wonder what nasty online stuff they had planned for the last 10 days?  
Ironically, you have to hand it to @realDonaldTrump . It's hard to trump Brexit for sheer stupidity and self harm, but he's having a real go at it. 
Just had a daydream that put me on the fainting couch: The 1995 referendum, but with Facebook and Twitter. 
Still not getting it are you? ‘We believe.... at the moment... not right for *us*’What about what’s right for the country?? What about taking a principled stand based on what you now know about this govt’s Brexit.And then... what about *not* voting *with* the Tories?  
#Cyprus flag  proudly flying today w others of our #EU family at Parliament Square in celebration of #EuropeDay 2018. Sad; last time this will happen in London; #Brexit. Proud of EU construction in democracy, human rights, rule of law & peace project. Ways to go.   
Last year the Catalan foreign minister @raulromeva visited the Danish parliament. Now he has been 6 mnts in jail. For holding a referendum! This is happening in the middle of Europe. Today I received a letter from this brave democrat. #EuropeDay2018 #Catalunya 
He knows President @realDonaldTrump has made the right decision on Iran. UK stance is intended to appease France, Germany & EU in the face of hostile Brexit negotiations.  
Theresa May's Brexit cluelessness was exposed at #PMQs. Unable to negotiate successfully with her own inner Cabinet on customs, what chance has Britain got when a weak PM doesn't know what she's asking our 27 European neighbours for? 
#PMQsJeremy Corbyn on Tory Brexit: "These negotiations are in a shambles.""How can they negotiate in the interest of people's jobs & living standards, when cabinet members are more interested in putting their own futures first?"  
PMQs a spectacle of what a tawdry useless PM May is, no answers, takes no responsibility, is tin eared & blamesLabour for everything.We’re being governed by remote, inept Govt with no plan except ‘we are leaving the EU’, no post Brexit vision & NO idea. #bbcdp #pmqs #TORYMESS 
A plethora of medical professionals, obstetricians and maternal medicine specialists have come out in favour of voting Yes in the referendum to repeal the 8th amendment.  #doctorsforyes 
Bombard your MP to support @GarethThomasMP 10 min motion calling for a People's Vote in Parliament today.  The will of the people started the historic Brexit process, the will of the people must take back control and decide how it ends.   via @leftfootfwd 
Shame you spoil it saying Corbyn acts this way because of "an ideological commitment to hard Brexit". It takes no account of how the Brexiteers & UKIP would benefit if he came out for Remain, nor that he has to deal with the referendum result. It's not ideological, it's pragmatic 
.@theresa_may is not liking #PMQs today. She is rattled. She knows she can’t put the lid on the nasty @CONservatives infighting. #Brexit has damaged Tory leader after Tory leader.She will be no exception. Keep it up, @BorisJohnson, it’s delicious. #PMQs #karma 
Humbled by speaking in front of the Brandenburg Gate — in a city that, more than any other, tells a story of hope and European solidarity. I spoke about Brexit and its impact on @The3Million & @BritishInEurope and women. So here’s to a better future. Keep fighting for it  
Jeremy Corbyn asks 6 straightforward questions about Brexit and Theresa May stammers and has no answer to any of them. How #PMQS ought to be 
The Tory government is too busy negotiating with itself, never mind the EU – and now jobs are at risk. Labour will fight for a Brexit that puts jobs first. #PMQs 
In October if Parliament votes for a Brexit deal that doesn't include a concrete EU-UK trade deal:It means putting the UK in a negotiating position where the EU can say: "If you don't give us what we want, you fall out of the EU in 2021 with no deal with us OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY" 
Corbyn brilliant at #PMQs today.  Went on one issue with focus.  Tory Brexit policy ripped to shreds question after question.  Showed them in total disarray.  May had no answer at all.#brexit#CustomsUnion 
 BREAKING: Google has announced it is pausing ALL adverts relating to the referendum on the Eighth Amendment over concerns about “election integrity.” @thetimesIE 
"He has spent an entire career opposing a customs union" - PM Theresa May responds to calls by Jeremy Corbyn for a debate in parliament over "crucial" #Brexit legislation  #PMQs 
Blistering piece here. Key point: Labour opposes single market because of a prohibition on state aid which would be the EU’s condition for *any deal at all*. Brexit won narrowly. Most Labour voters opposed it. This is a compromise. This is the moment. Seize it.  
That was a strong performance from Corbyn: pressing home the same consistent, unanswerable point - 23 months after the referendum, May still can't say what kind of Brexit she wants. 
Jeremy Corbyn really nailing prime minister on "shambles" of Brexit negotiations. He asks how govt can say its putting jobs first "when cabinet ministers are more interested in putting their own careers first. May looks uncomfortable. #PMQs 
At #PMQs Jeremy raising questions about the risk to jobs posed by the Tories’ bungled Brexit. Chancellor Phillip Hammond’s response? To theatrically yawn and mouth “Boring!”. 
Has House of Lords apologised to the EU yet for the #Brexit vote?Have the Lords of Lords apologised yet for 17.4m of us,who obviously did not know what we were doing,when we voted to #LEAVE It is good job we have those wise people in the House of Lords to correct our mistakes 
Jeremy Corbyn asks if PM agrees with Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson that the plan for a customs partnership with EU is "crazy"?  #Brexit #PMQs 
As per usual no real answers from May and instead deflects says Labour is letting the UK down. It's May and her party both responsible for and now negotiating Brexit, not Labour #PMQs 
Anna Soubry is fighting Brexit out of principle. I trust she will stand down before the next election - out of principle of having stuck two fingers up to the people who voted for her.  
“Almost 700 days since the referendum, around 400 days since your government triggered Article 50, yet you still can't tell us what the government’s preferred option on customs is. Why not?” @afneil to @SteveBarclay#bbcdp 
Hello Colin, John Humphrys and I have been close friends for 41 years.  I promise you, I still have no idea how he votes or what his private views on Brexit are.  My guess is, he’s sceptical about everything & everyone. Just what you want on ‘Today’. 
DISGRACEFUL: David Cameron’s former strategist Lord Cooper boasts that Conservative Europhile Lords are helping to defeat the government on Brexit. Why are they not being kicked out, @theresa_may? 
IMO The current Tory Govt, is so immersed in it's internecine strife over #Brexit - it is totally incapable of dealing with Geo-political issues.The world is a very scarey place right now ! 
Labour goes against its new base at its peril. Like Iraq. it is the kind of issue where left leaning voters say long afterwards I couldn't possibly vote for a party that enabled Brexit, and others say how can you trust a party that pursued its political interests at such a cost.  
The #Brexit-Trump right is a lie-factory. When lies prevail, facts and reason lose their power to persuade; apathy, emotions and prejudice prevail, debate degenerates into shouting and abuse, and ultimately politics descends into violence & oppression.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
If only 100 people lived in Britain...#population #education #migration #NHS #religion #unemployment #UK #queen #brexit #stopbrexit 
I’m not particularly knowledgable or interested in internal Labour politics. I’m interested in not damaging the economy or our geopolitical position any more than is necessary given the referendum result. 
Hey @RuthDavidsonMSP instead of wasting time why not in future  write; I don't like the SNP, I have no actual policies of my own other than opposing a 2nd independence referendum. 
DISCONTENT: Less than half of French & Swedish voters would definitely vote to remain in EU. Where Brexit Britain leads, others will follow!  
The very fact that extent of Queen Victoria’s contribution to famine relief is being discussed on news shows now is incredibly depressing #brexit  
Today I will present my ten minute rule bill to Parliamentwhich will propose a public vote on the outcome of Brexit negotiations. Readmore about it in .@labourlist here…#Publicvote #euwithdrawalbill 
The petition for a referendum on the future of the unelected House of Lords has now surpassed 150,000 signatures. Sign using the link below and turn the heat up on these Remoaning saboteurs!   
We are doctors #Together4Yes. Join us and add your name in support of a Yes vote in the forthcoming  referendum to remove the 8th Amendment, so that we can provide safer, more compassionate healthcare in Ireland for our patients.  
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT 
Lords vote: Now everyone will be able to see clearly that it's Corbyn who'll deliver the Tories' hard Brexit  
#bbcqt Bloody Chuka Umunna on now BBC Radio 5 Live. Talking his usual load of bollocks. Trying to derail Brexit, the halfwit back on Question Time again tomorrow night. Who’s listening to Chuka the man that bottled it. When he had is chance to become Labour leader. Flash Git.  
Donald #AmericaFirst Trump views trade in terms of trade deficits and trade surpluses. Any trade deal with Trump is more likely to reverse our trade surplus with the US. He'd make sure of it. So bye bye to that Brexit argument. 
Happy Europe Day! To celebrate, me and @ottocrat pause briefly from screaming into the Brexit void to chat at some length about what we love about Europe.Guaranteed 95% Brexit-free!  
"Spain's cack-handed manner of dealing with the Catalan independence referendum and ensuing inexorable persecution of Catalan politicians has little to do with democracy. This is something most Spaniards appear to support." 
House of Lords has inflicted 14 defeats so far on Theresa May's key Brexit law  
Just another ridiculous attempt to distract us from the huge amount of damage that Brexit will inflict on Scotland,    Ruth's problem is she knows independence is the antidote to Brexit and it's impossible to counter so she has to resort to trivia. 
House of Lords has inflicted 14 defeats so far on Theresa May's key Brexit law  
"Brexit what a mess" we talked to @hilarybennmp and young people in Leeds about the People's Vote, see how it went #peoplesvote 
Corbyn must seize chance to keep UK in EU single market after Lords defeat hands decision to MPs, Labour leader toldChris Leslie “It would be unconscionable to have a chance to win - only to fall short because of a hard-Brexit Labour position”#FBPE 
Everyday Stories& @Doctors4Choice are putting on an event in @InclusionIre office this evening!Actively creating a space for people with intellectual disabilities to be heard, ask questions and have conversations about this referendum.I'm a bit in love with this event  
New @Policy_Exchange report from Dr Graham Gudgin and @ray_bassett is well worth reading. “The Irish border is not the insoluble obstacle to Brexit negotiations that it has been made out to be.”  
The Lords added an amendment: after a 'survey' of both houses it takes  over Brexit negotiations. Arrogance off the scale. Since when did a  legislative chamber negotiate a treaty- worse, an unelected one? Does  the Lords think it is the Government? This is a coup attempt 
A seasoned politician who has campaigned for Brexit for longer than I have been alive had no answer to the fact that his 30-year pet project, according to his own party’s experts, would make life harder for British people.Read more at:  
Retail misery as sales decline most on record and demand for staff experiences a significant dip. This is all due to the #Brexit hit to our living standards and Brexit uncertainty. A responsible government would scrap #Brexit now. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Seems like the BBC has forgotten to put the governments significant defeat in the Lords on Brexit on its home page....[H/T @TomEmburyD] 
V.interesting conversation: @BloombergTV about possibility of  #USDollar losing  #reservecurrency status as #DotardDonnie  politicizes the greenback through sanctions. Investors etc. need flow.What a time to be leaving the EU!#IranNuclearDeal#Brexit 
Christine Hamilton on the @5WrightStuff claims the HoL are holding up #Brexit because they get generous EU pensions. Sorry Christine, but just 30 out of the 800 Peers are in receipt of EU pensions, certainly not enough to sway the vote. It's nice to have the facts, isn't it. 
#PeoplesVote Campaign Raises £100k In A Week For Huge Anti-Brexit MarchThe People’s Vote movement will stage a march on June 23 - the 2nd anniversary of the vote to leave the EU - & promises it will be the biggest Brexit-related demonstration to date 
The futures looking bright in a post-Brexit Britain!#ForTheNation 
#Referendum 4 independence, #AlgiersAgreements 4 #peace, #security, #stability & establishment of strong cultural, economic, social, & political foundations 4 sustainable development-some of #Eritrea's post independence achievements against all odds-#EritreaAt27 #WednesdayWisdom 
'I'm CERTAIN we won't leave!' Smug Labour peer bets £10 Brexit will NOT happen  - Remain democrats at their finest. 
"When the result came out I felt I had to keep quiet because the majority had spoken. But now it appears that there is no one with a plan so it is time for me to speak about what Brexit might mean. I urge companies to do the same”Well said John Simpson  
The House of Lords has voted for UK membership of the EEA ('the Norway option') after Brexit. This is unacceptable as it would mean continued freedom of movement for the indefinite future. The British electorate have decisively rejected this. 1/3 
Not since his pro Brexit bias and unwillingness to challenge during EU Referendum campaign  
Facebook bans foreign ads in Irish abortion referendum amid concerns of funding by U.S.-based groups.  
Did you think that voting for Brexit also meant leaving the single market and the customs union? And if Britain stays in both will Brexit have been delivered? Watch again ▼@JuliaHB1 | @RichardNewby3 |  
If #Corbyn doesn't ditch the pro-#Brexiter anti #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote #FairVote stance & Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still to #Brexit or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain then Ditch Corbyn. If you don't enough of the electorate will at the next GE. 
You’re going to lose your health rights in other EU countries if brexit happens, unless we see some seriousness from the UK government. An important cross party statement.  
Trying to see Brexit through @theresa_may glasses sadly doesn’t make it look any better @cliodiaspora #ExitBrexit #euwomeneu #europe4women #Women4Europe #EuropeDay 
Scottish nationalism: Non-UK nationals allowed to vote in the independence referendum.British nationalism: Non-UK nationals barred from voting in the EU referendum.So yeah, let's have that chat about ethnic nationalism shall we.  
Last night saw another victory in the House of Lords! Peers vote that remaining in the European Economic Area should be a negotiating objective for Brexit. That's 13 major defeats for the Government on the #EUWithdrawalBill 
BREAKING: Public back new in-out EU referendum in event of ‘no deal’  
Peers inflict major defeat on Theresa May's #Brexit strategy as Lord's vote to stay in single market  
Imagine if the UK was actually located next to America.Competing against the entire NAFTA trade bloc of US, Canada & Mexico. They have "regulatory alignment" which would go against the Brexit definition of sovereignty.Very similar situation, but would we be having this debate? 
#RollsRoyce is too afraid to sign-off their new airliner engines in Britain due to #Brexit. Already we are losing business due to catastrophic negotiations by the Conservative Government. @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
Incredibly sad that young people in the UK could lose out on these opportunities because of Brexit. We need to keep Erasmus+. #Erasmus #EuropeDay @keeperasmusplus 
They ran a whole election campaign without mentioning a single actual policy, just one slogan, they didn't even make their Brexit position clear. They're a branch office that can't declare policy as they're not allowed to declare policies, the same as any county branch. 
Outstanding by @AlastairMeeks on how EU is mishandling Brexit  
Theresa May shows her true Europhile colours. Any attempt to force through a Brexit fudge must be met by the stiffest of opposition! It's about time politicians put country before party!  
Whatever your view on #Brexit, it's absurd that the bishop of Leeds proposed an amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill yesterday - and made biblical references as he did it. Scrap the Bishops' Bench  
Great piece. I suspect people who voted Brexit have never tried doing international work, and have no idea how much harder it is outside the convenience of the EU. Even tho they benefit from the work of people who do do that work.  
There is no such thing as Soft Brexit which is what May wants. Soft Brexit is a euphemism for staying under EU control. May knows that. She clearly wants UK to stay  under EU control. 
On #EuropeDay, I challenge every political party in Wales and the UK to put politics aside & let us work together to build a more positive relationship with Europe & achieve a #Brexit settlement which the next generation can be proud of.   
yet another consequence of #Brexit - the best and the brightest from other European countries now being put off from coming to study at British universities    was #Brexit a vote to cut the UK off from international talent? #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
Tories blasted for having 'no credible plan' to solve care crisis. The Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said the sector suffers “low pay, low esteem and high turnover of staff” - which risks being made worse by Brexit  
'Let's stop the shadow boxing. Call the referendum now, Nicola - the people have spoken and are ready, willing and able to win this time.'Rousing stuff from @ScotPol1314. 
*Exhaustedly*: No of course I'm not neutral on the referendum. It's pretty hard to take reproductive rights law seriously and stay neutral on this one. But that doesn't mean I've lost my lawyering skills. And it doesn't mean I need to lie about the law. Everything in good faith. 
And I have a chapter in here on Ireland and Brexit!  
Happy Europe Day from @GuitarMoog and myself at the @CakeWatchCast - have an extra long Brexit-free special!  
Completely right from Ken Clarke here; Brexit will hit younger people the hardest, and will affect our generation for generations. Not what you wanted? Join us in calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
Ken Clarke MP telling it like it is on the state of affairs of #Brexit which will make younger people in particular poorer than they otherwise would have been. Essential that there is #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk at the end of the process 
It's even as I understand it more complicated as HMG declared now to their regret no doubt an extraordinary long two year session to get EU Withdrawal bill through which means 1911 Parliament Act cannot be imposed to overrule Commons in time before Brexit date of March 29th 2019 
A clear, rational approach to Brexit from someone I suspect voted to leave. If only the govt would listen to these democratic voices.  
WATCH: Ken Clarke MP is spot on when he says that 'a hopeless set of new barriers' after Brexit will damage our economy & hit the youngest generation hardest. This is why so many are calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
The soft-shoe shuffle towards ending Brexit is encouraging, yes: but we should come right out and Stop Brexit now. No form of Brexit makes sense, & a 'soft Brexit' just means 'EU membership without a say': pointless. So let's be willing, leading, full members & good neighbours.  
The #Brexit story so far: 1. EU meets UK. 2. EU loses UK. 3. Lords vote to remain in Single Market. 4. [ Insert ending ]Happy #EuropeDay! 
Your most despicable tweet yet! The Lords violated the explicit will of the people & the largest vote in the history of our Parliament, which conveniently aligns with your wishes. It's like celebrating the Holocaust because you hate bagels. #Brexit #AbolishtheHouseofLords 
Every morning I listen to intelligent journalists discussing aspects of #Brexit as if it were a viable project. I’m still waiting for discussion of unicorn farming. On #r4today and every news program every day is April fools day. 
Irish women open up about abortion ahead of referendum  
Retweet please if you no longer have confidence in John Humphrys to report impartially on Brexit on @BBCr4today. 
Which party legislated for #indyref2 at Holyrood? Who declared #indyref2 on day after #Brexit vote? Which party has #indy in its constitution? Remind us... 
David Trimble, like all Brexiters, blaming everyone except the Brexiters for the mess that is Brexit. #bbcr4today 
New Cork-Spain ferry will allow hauliers to avoid UK after Brexit  
Govt needs to face down these attempts to fillet Brexit.  No point in the Conservative party otherwise  
The backlash against The House of Lords for defying the people on Brexit has started. Next up, the rancid Commons. #AbolishTheLords 
23 months on, this @TheEconomist primer on Brexit trade options (EEA/CETA/WTO) stands up. RE: Brexiteers talking up Norway/Swiss models... Gove’s “free-trade area from Iceland to Turkey” =EEA. Why is media not digging this up? Cc: @IanDunt @mrjamesob 
It is the job of all Remainers to keep the pressure on our MPs to ignore the Brexit extremists on the left and on the right.Two sides of a muddle headed coin. 
BREXIT: A Labour MP is calling for a second Brexit referendum in Parliament today /#EU #Brexit #Labour #PeoplesVote 
More jobs & tax revenue going from UK showing @UKLabour "jobs 1st #Brexit" impossible time to follow @LabourLords & oppose it not abstain @labour4europe @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
It’s Wednesday.And the idiocy of #Brexit is now plain for all to see. #Trump is a loose cannon and totally unpredictable as mid-terms approach. Our place is within the EU, standing up for our common interests.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#NoConfidence 
If #Labour can't see which way the Brexit tide is moving, they must be stupid. They are? Silly me, for a moment I got carried away and thought we had an Opposition, a party that acted in the national interest. Ah well! @Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbyn @BenBradshawMP @mrjamesob 
I'm backing a People's Vote to give the British the chance to take back control of Brexit, says @GarethThomasMP 
Former Hull council leader Colin Inglis to quit Labour over #BrexitColin Inglis is quitting Labour after nearly 44 years in protest over the party's stance on Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
LORDS HAT-TRICK OF BREXIT BETRAYAL: Vote for UK in EU agencies, defeat the government 298 to 227.  
Latest Brexit news in summary  
THREAD: What is on the cards for post-Brexit defence and why are we concerned? The current Brexit plan would mean the EU retains or grows control of…PARTS of:• Defence industrial decisions + finance (EDIDP/EDF)• Defence policy direction incl a link to foreign policy (CSDP)  
How are you all getting on with #brexit, wasn't it a great idea to give the racist morons an advisory non binding referendum on leaving the EU, what a great legacy I have left ....  
#EuropeDayIt's wonderful to be part of Europe and the European Union.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
John Humphrys just sounded awfully cross about the Govt’s latest Brexit defeats in the Lords... I wonder why?   
Well done to all the Lords who broke this ridiculous whip.So many people who voted leave only did so as so many Brexit backing MPs and MEPs that Brexit would not mean leaving the Single Market. It’s one of the reasons huge numbers are #remainernowMPs must carry this amendment. 
Johnson dares May to fire him over customs. He is defending Brexit for the 17.4 Million! 
I don't know why anyone is surprised by the unelected House of Frauds making Brexit impossible , they are being well paid by the EU for their betrayal . The EU MPs in the commons have no intention of allowing brexit to go through , The EU owns our corrupt elite .  
The Lords rebelled last night against the Tories and Labour simultaneously. And they defeated both front benches. Which says all you need to know about the credibility of both parties’ Brexit policies. 
Facebook is banning foreign ads that relate to Ireland's abortion referendum  
#EUWithdrawalBill Stop trying to stop Brexit everyday. Labour, Lib Dems, SNP & House of Lords. 17 million voted leave we’re leaving the EU understand. It’s getting  boring non stop everyday. We’re leaving the Customs Union & The Single Market. Give it a rest FFS.   
The crook Netanyahu has duped the orange moron Trump. The world is about to be taken to the brink of catastrophic conflict by a couple of gangsters. Sliiy ‘little Britain’ dribbles on with its ludicrous Brexit when it should be leading Europe & saving the Iran deal. 
May forced to give MPs single market vote after shock defeatWe now look to Labour MPs to fulfill their promise to a jobs-first Brexit by voting for the single market amendment in the Commons 
If it’s bad for Brexit it ain’t on the Beeb  
Switzerland is about to vote on whether to send its financial system back to the dark ages in a referendum to ban banks from creating money  
Yesterday’s vote to stay in the Single Market the first time in my 13 yrs in the House of Lords that a motion has been carried against a 3-line whip of both the Govt & the Opposition. Shows how serious the Brexit crisis is to peers of all parties 
Full list of @uklabour & other hero Peers who helped ensure MPs get vote on the least damaging Norway-style EEA #Brexit deal.  
Conservative peers including Ros Altman played a key part in 14 Govt defeats on Brexit, including votes to stay in European Customs Union & Single Market and remain faithful to the Good Friday Agreement  
The Brexit fanatic Bernard Jenkin on Radio 4 telling Leavers that if they lose their jobs after Brexit, it is ok, because “they knew what they voted for”.Leavers, looks like your masters are turning on their followers, blaming you for their lies.  
The Government has suffered an unexpected Brexit defeat in the Lords, rounding off a series of reverses in the upper chamber  
I used to be against the un-elected HoL. But now I realise just how important it is to have an influential group that is not influenced by fear of losing a popularity contest. #FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
We can’t fight on too many fronts at one time, but after this, once #Brexit is out of the way, many of us will be pushing for reform. #theirdayiscoming 
Another disgraceful wrecking amendment by the House of Cronies. By their deliberate & cynical attempts to directly thwart the democratic imperative of delivering on the Referendum result, the Lords have put themselves firmly on the road to abolition.   
Boris Johnson is in open revolt with Theresa May, in an effort to get the Hard Brexit that he knows will bring further devastation to the British economy.Ideology above prosperity for all. The PM should sack him,but she is too weak to survive the fallout...#ToryShambles #r4today 
"The Spanish Supreme Court is unable to prove a charge of misuse of funds before a German court. The Spanish treasury minister has said that no public money was used neither for the referendum nor its preparation."  
Very sad to see the House of Lords trash the BREXIT bills, holding government policy in contempt and rejecting the will of the people.  I wonder if before too long, probably not in my life time, the Lords might pay the ultimate price - being scrapped! 
Labour was created to protect our poorest & weakest. It now supports a constitutional change that will cause those people to suffer through huge job losses & a permanently weakened economy. Lives will be ruined. Brexit is the biggest betrayal by the Labour Party in its history. 
May forced to give MPs single market vote after shock defeat.It means the Brexit strategy of both Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn has been blown apart in the past 24 hours.A victory for democracy & common sense. Keep campaigning to #StopBrexit & #Remain.  
WELL WELL WELL - Brexit not going to well - UK still in EU and will be for the foreseeable future - well done the lords - NOW ALL YOU MPS NEED TO DO YOUR DUTY -THE ONE THAT YOU SWORE TO DO - party should never be first ever - you now this. 
Very true the only democracy Brexiteers respect is 1 vote once and never again. Never mind who could vote, lies and false promises, allegations of manipulation of social media and changing demographics and economic realities. Brexit means Brexit and no compromise will be accepted  
Abortion question divides rural Ireland as referendum looms  
In Washington with a delegation from the GFA  Implementation Committee to meet groups 20 yrs after the Agreement still important  elements of deal to be implemented around human rights  legacy reconciliation  parity of esteem  & tge challenge of Brexit  
Brexit Britain has fallen to the bottom of the EU’s league table of economic growth.We are now forecast to be the worst performing economy in Europe this year. What a mess.Let’s get our economy growing and end austerity - #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
The responses to this tweet show the dog whistling going on here.The racists are barking like crazy on the left and the right.Brexit is an act of national self sabotage committed by the absolute slime of society because they hate that people who are different walk among us.  
The looming Mayo By-election will be a referendum on who will stand up for the Murray River, to save the Coorong & to stop oil and gas drilling in the Great Australian Bight. 
About time our MPs abandoned the ineffectual & divisive two party system, ignore the whips & start acting together to take back control of Britain & its best interests. Country before party.Deeply wrong that May & Corbyn are playing political games with our future.#Brexit 
Trump's 86ing of Iran Nuke Deal reminds me of the UK's Brexit deal: No one can name a single positive effect that will emerge from it. Thanks Doofus Prez. 
For all @UKLabour members who promulgate the myth that the EU prevents investment in public services - sadly Brexit will pave the way for more privatisation which is one reason amongst many why we on the left should fight Brexit  
Oh Dave @FelisDave . Did you notice that one of the pipelines & Silk Belt Road proposed routes runs into Crimea & Eastern Ukraine The first country to recognize Russia's claim over Crimea post referendum was China@LouiseMensch@JamesFourM@thespybrief@ericgarland 
Because Brexit is a catastrophe.#stopbrexit 
I expect 1 of 2 things will happen with Ohio redistricting now that Issue 1 has passed.1. The Dem minority in the legislature/commission will cave & vote for a pro-incumbent gerrymander that strongly favors the GOP, just like they did in 2011 to cravenly block a veto referendum 
Thank you to all the citizens of Alexandria Community Schools.  We are so appreciative of your support.  WE WON OUR REFERENDUM! 
With the death of the #IranDeal, virtually all of Obama's legacy has been rolled back, in 1 year, by the man we replaced him with. As part of his core platform, might I add. Tell me again the '16 election wasn't a referendum on the Teleprompter-in-Chief. 
Lords and prostitutes both get paid to sleep, but only one provides a valuable public service. #AbolishTheLords #Brexit  
The filings also imply significant inflows *from the USA*. There is a unique increase in revenue due to "currency translation". Given the EU Brexit vote of Jun 16 resulted in a large fall in the £/$ exchange rate, this suggests US clients, likely paying literally millions of $! pic.twitter.com/13L6LepmZb 
Labour Lords, with cross Party support, destroy May and Corbyn Brexit strategy (such as it is). A brilliant result. The fightback starts here 
The House of Lords has backed calls for the UK to remain, in effect, in the EU's single market after Brexit. Tragic we have to rely on the unelected chamber to protect our country. Let’s put it back to the people #PeoplesVote 
The cost of Brexit. Fewer people promoting UK trade around the world to pay for trade negotiators that are only needed to replace our existing EU trade deals with less good ones of our own. Eventually.  
We now have  the "EuroLoon"  -- someone like Andrew Adonis, Tony Blair, or Vince Cable. They have lost all reason in keeping Britain in the EU. These people are crustyl old fanatics in the main. They will soon be abolished. Don't them wreck Britain by fudging Brexit.  
It all comes down to prayers and dosh."referendum sacrifice""Don't forget to list your prayer requests"If you send more than the permitted amount, the balance will go to non-political work apparently.Sure, Jan.#repealthe8th 
PM expresses ‘full confidence’ in senior Cabinet minister who calls her Brexit policy preference ‘crazy’.How humiliating.  
Brexit opponents need to stop the scaremongering - there's no need for a hard border and no threat to peace in Ireland, writes Lord Trimble  
Poll shows Remain lead by 10% thanks to the 28% who didn't vote. And it's in the Mail FFS. Still baffled, after all the evidence that Brexit is a car crash or a unicorn: why do Leavers want to leave? And why do they want to deprive the rest of us?  
Again. That important year, 2013. That's when #Brexit and #Trump were planned. That's when Trump went to Moscow. That's when the FSB infiltrated UKIP. That's when #CambridgeAnalytica was started 
This "crazy" Customs pact will rip Tories apart...'The uneasy truce in Tory Party over Brexit is over.Remainers in our party are trying to halt Brexit.But this is a fight we must win because the future direction of our country is at stake'#Brexit #EU 
Russian oligarchs sure have funnelled a lot of money into  the UK and US around the time of #Brexit and #Trump. A lot of that money went to a) media companies (hello Guido) and b) politicians. Money is traceable you absolute dolts. 
Well, for starters, reversing Brexit.  
A referendum cannot solve a society's intractable problems. It won't eliminate tribalism, theft of public resources, extrajudicial killings, human rights abuses, disobedience of court orders, homelessness & joblessness. These will only be solved by visionary leaders of integrity. 
When will the House of Lords get it? The more they vote down Brexit, the faster that clicker goes! 2,000 new signatures in 12 hours. 154,000+.Sign. RETWEET.Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Kenyans had a referendum in 2005. Nothing much came out of it. In 2007, 2013 and 2017, election theft was INSTITUTIONALISED. Those who stole those elections will be fully in charge of the referendum in 2018/19 and they will kill @RailaOdinga's supporters after the plebiscite. 
I am so angry with these fat cat Lords.Why didn’t May fill the Lords with new Brexiteer Lords ensuring  the the HoLWould not delay,stop,injure Brexit in anyWay.Time for a new leader a Brexiteer.Out with MayBegone you stupid womanWe must rescue Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: Boris would be 'more aggressive' as PM in Brexit negotiations  
Well maybe you should have spent some of the Last 20yrs of euro ranting planning how you would actually implement #Brexit then shouldn't you. Failure to plan is planning to fail as the British army says 
Ex-Labour Centrists: we must save the working class from the austerity effects of the Brexit some of them voted forAlso ex-Labour Centrists: George "Slasher" Osborne, crusher of the working class, is good. 
If Brexit don't happen then we Brits don't really live in a democratic country & if that's the case then I can see riots in the very near future! 
They froth and rage about the House of Lords being undemocratic, but will they support giving the British people a democratic #PeoplesVote? Of course not! Hypocrites!#StopBrexit #brexit #FBPE 
Brexit means Brexit,She Said.Alas,She never meant it.Betrayal thy name is May?#Brexit  
Say what you like about President Trump, he delivers on his election campaign promises. Meanwhile in Britain, Theresa May is still sodding about with "customs partnerships" and pandering to those in her party who wish to thwart Brexit!  
Because Theresa May is hopeless and secretly on your side!  She must be.  No real Brexiteer would negotiate such a bad deal.  #MayMustGo  We should simply walk away and pay nothing. #Brexit  
The upper chamber of the UK parliament has voted in favour of keeping Britain in the European single market after Brexit  
Don't underestimate Corbyn's ability to miss an open goal. Suspect there won't be a word on brexit...  
If you are a @UKLabour supporter, oppose hard #Brexit and back the Single Market for jobs - you can find out more about our campaign here @laboursinglemkt 
WATCH  | @Michael_Heaver blasts "obscene, Europhile Lords" after their latest Brexit sabotage."We need to completely scrap the unelected House of Lords. This is completely out of kilter with public opinion and it's bang out of order!"  
Well said Ayesha ... Brexiteers just love using the "Take Back Control" line .. Well HOL did just that.. So suck it up Mr Heaver . #Brexit pic.twitter.com/AhIDtftUDY 
Literally everyone in Westminster is fighting each other over Brexit. There are several fights going on in Cabinet, across and within Brexit/Remain lines; Labour peers against Corbyn, Labour MPs against each other. It’s like an episode of the Real Housewives, with less bling. 
If I could swap "May & Co" for "Orban and Co" I would. I'd also settle for a JRM + Farage Brexit double act. I'd even settle for Bugs Bunny over Khan. But that's another story. 
Ireland, France, the Netherlands are building the lorry parks that Brexit is forcing on them.We haven't got round to deciding to do anything.#newsnight 
The Lords aren’t ‘scrutinising’ Brexit, they trying to DESTROY Brexit. 
The main man @Michael_Heaver has it spot on. Why are there a whole load of #LibDem Lords trying to stop #Brexit? Who voted to put them in that elevated chamber that looks down on the people and their decisions? #SkyPapers 
Ignore the unnecessary noise around May’s “Customs Partnership” and the supposed Cabinet split. All those options are impossible anyway.The Lords has done its job. It has said If #Brexit, then Soft Brexit. It’s crunch time now. What does the Commons do? 
Boris Johnson Begs Theresa may to fire him so he won't carry the can for #brexit  
To be clear:Once again, @jeremycorbyn enforced the whip on @UKLabour peers to prevent them voting against a hard Brexit.Corbyn is now, has always and will always be a Brexiter. If you support Labour while he is leader, so are you.  
Lords rebellion backs keeping UK in single market after Brexit  
This is only getting craftier, dodgier, wilier by the day!Time the British people bypassed Theresa May to get a real Prime Minister and Parliament that'll implement the decision of the British people?#Brexit  
British Gov lose another vote in House of Lords - this is their 14th Brexit defeat! And it’s on the same day that British Minister Boris Johnson described his Prime Minister’s Brexit custom partnership as “crazy” Another example of Brexit War Cabinet falling apart & out#Chaos 
Peers insert amendment to force Britain to stay in EU single market/EEA. This is in breach of both major parties' manifestos.This is a direct defiance of more than 82% of the votes these parties got last year. Time to intensify the movement to #AbolishTheLords?#Brexit  
The lords just keep going up in my estimation. This’ll cause a backlash in the Tory brexit press. Great defence of our country by the second chamber and great to see lab peers putting country before party whip @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn #stopbrexit #FinalSay 
Corbyn is a Leaver. But 83 of his Lords are not !!! It just goes to show that Brexit CAN be defeated, so long as Labour MPs join Tory rebels to do what's right!Peers vote to keep UK in EEA as 83 Labour peers defy orders to abstain.#FBPE 
Some Corbyn supporters think plunging the UK into the jungle of global capitalism outside the EU will bring about a more socialist Britain! Sorry, the ERG know what they are doing, they know a hard Brexit will deliver them a #BrexitTaxHaven.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote#Brexit 
#WhoWantsToBeAMillionare #wwtbam Beginning to understand how the majority of Britain voted for Brexit.  
When Rees-Mogg says Donald Trump should get the 'reddest of red carpets', he is saying that:1. #Brexit Britain will be a toadying vassal state of the USA.2. he has more respect for the abusive liar Trump than for his own country.#BrexitBetraysBritain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
And now the Commons must show the Lords, who the people elected to represent Britain and plough ahead with Brexit.#LetsGetOnWithIt 
Take a good look #Brexiters at what you did voting against things that were not the fault of the EU but your own Govt's & this Govt backed by a Labour leadership has caused a #BrexitShambles & irreparable damage. #Brexit leaves us Poorer,Weaker with Fewer Rights & less Control.  
The logic of this (read Government’s Lords spokesman’s remarks) is: stay in the EU! “Shock defeat rounds off trio of Brexit reverses in House of Lords - Sky News  
So the man who @Nigel_Farage tells us is our best hope post Brexit has just shafted @BorisJohnson and the U.K. Trump, like Farage, can’t be trusted.Time to rejoin with our real allies in the EU and regain some global influence. 
The invaluable work of the Lords is a signal that it is time to wake up & shake off this #Brexit delusion. If you've still got your head buried in the sand, watch out, because the tide is coming in! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ThankTheLords #TheLordsRock #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Please vote for the UK next Saturday. If they win they'll have to organise Eurovision just after Brexit. Which would be hilarious. #esc2018 
Our Parliamentary democracy has asserted itself this evening to take back control of #Brexit. House of Lords passed important amendments to give elected MPs the chance to reconsider how best we can Leave 
Hurrah for @LabourLordsUK An admirable group of patriots who have turned the country aside from the headlong rush to a disastrous hard Brexit  
1/ A couple of clips from today's #HofL debate on the EEA amendment to the Withdrawal Bill. 'The time has come over Brexit for economic reality and common sense to prevail over political dogma.' Lord Mandelson  
The government has now suffered 14 defeats in the House of Lords over its EU Withdrawal Bill. The latest is over calls to strengthen scrutiny of secondary legislation made by ministers following Brexit. 
Theresa May suffers 13th Brexit defeat in House of Lords as peers vote to scrap formal March 2019 divorce date  via @Telegraph 
Outside the shackles of EU customs union/partnership, Britain will be able to sign new trade deals, in Europe and globally. These will create 1000s of new jobs. Remoaners like Greg Clark are ACTIVELY working to deny Britons these opportunities.The enemy within?#Brexit  
'Despite leadership suggesting abstention'. Once again Corbyn tries to aid and abett the Tory Brexit, once again the House of Lords comes to the rescue. When will PCPEU accept it's Corbyn or the EU?  You can follow Corbyn or Remain, you can't have both.  
#ThankTheLords ! Actually putting country first ! Now please can our MP's put country before party so we can finish off Brexit and get down to rebuilding Great Britain. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
YOU SEEM to of stopped SIGNING...NOT GOOD enough I AM COMING ROUND Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Major blow to Theresa May’s Brexit plans as Lords votes to stay in single market....but that’s just the starts of it....  
BREXIT/IRELAND: Bank of America to move senior figures to new EU hub in Ireland /#EU #Brexit #Ireland 
Rees-Mogg:"Peers set themselves against the People... in efforts to stop #Brexit.But ultimately, democracy WILL triumph"Peter Bone:"When an unelected House deliberately trying to thwart will of the people, then something seriously has gone wrong"#EU 
Are the wheels coming off #Brexit? 2 years after #Referendum , Govt still has not decided its opening position in #negotiations on central issue of customs union. Meanwhile, tonight, #Lords defeat it on #SingleMarket while #brexiter #Tory ministers rebel in other direction... 
Proud to support the youth-led organisation @mylifemysay & see them continue to go from strength to strength. Young people are the future of our city and country - and @mylifemysay's work to secure a better Brexit for young people is both crucial and inspiring.#BeTheChange 
Women against Brexit unite on Sunday. Details of the first anti-Brexit event here.  
After latest House of Lords defeats for the government, anti-Brexiteers becoming more brazen. No pretence any longer of respecting democracy or the Brexit vote 
Congratulations to President Donald. J. Trump for having the BALLS to take on the sick and evil Iranian regime(GOD.... how I wish he was negotiating BREXIT!!)#trumpengland 
We stand united with our European partners against the vandal currently inhabiting the White House. Yet we are walking away from them -  Brexit is madness! 
OBSCENE: Unelected cabal of Remoaners in House of Lords vote to keep UK tied to EEA post-Brexit.That means free movement, EU legislation, etc...are they trying to get themselves abolished?! 
House of Lords voted by majority of 31 to strip out a lot of decree-making powers which would allow Govt to make law with minimal parliamentary scrutiny if we Brexit next March 
Rape ClauseWindrushBedroom TaxBrexit ChaosAnd Ruth thinks she has the right to call any other party a shower?! Ps: On fracking, as it's a live court case cannot comment further to what has been said publicly by ScotGovt. Sure there will be plenty to say afterwards.  
Twelve defeats on the Government’s key Brexit legislation by unelected peers. Those who care more about their allegiance to Brussels than the sovereignty of the British people and our elected Parliament.It’s time for some serious reform. 
I often get people saying to me "I am confused on #Brexit. The government seems to be talking nonsense but perhaps I am just not getting it." No. They are talking tosh. To put it politely. #StopBrexit 
Conservatives must fully understand that if they do not deliver a "Brexit means Brexit" Brexit then they will be finished for a generation or more. The way this will happen will make the 1997 New Labour annihilation of The Conservative Party seem like a walk in the park. 
Shock defeat rounds off trio of Brexit reverses in House of Lords It was my pleasure to witness this first hand & the unexpected delight on the faces of Remainer peers was a sheer joy to behold. Well worth sitting still for 5 hours. Smiles all round. 
Well at least Trump is healing the rifts caused by Brexit  
EU sets a tariff for goods Brits buy from outside EU.EU keeps the money collected.Upto 20% of the price you pay for non-EU goods goes to the EU thus:£16 billion the last 7 years.No wonder eurocrats want to dupe Britain by keeping it in a customs union/partnership?#Brexit  
683 days since the referendum.@UKLabour has gone harder left@Conservatives have gone harder rightThe government has got even meaner & nastierStill no fucking clue what the fuck they wantPlatitudes and delusionsNo attempt to bring the country togetherHave I missed anything? 
For some 2 years, the country has been spinning with platitudes & piffle. It's taken the unelected Chambers, amongst them actual experts, to put sense back into the Brexit questions, & demand accountability for a govt determined to be unaccountable. Three cheers to the Lords.  
I’ll explain *heavy sigh*1. Tories want a hard Brexit2. Labour want a Remain & Reform Brexit3. Chuka & Pals want to use Brexit to set up their own party and revive Blairism.Doesn’t matter what Lib Dem’s think. 
Yet another scumbag move from the unelected House of Lords. The people voted for Brexit in unprecedented numbers, and these dinosaurs are doing everything they can do deny the will of the people. Support us at  
Jacob Rees Mogg is so angry about the Lords Brexit votes that he's gone to see Prime Minister Disraeli to demand that gunboats be sent up the Thames to teach parliament a lesson. 
Some of you think I said on @pestononsunday that “Ireland has a history of undermining Britain”. I did not say that. I would never say that. What I said was there is a history of British governments being torn apart by policy towards Ireland - & Brexit may do that again  
This reads like one of those Private Eye spoof pieces:"Those Lords Brexit Amendments in full:- Remain in EU- F*ck you, Farage- Theresa May to join cast of 'Allo 'Allo reboot, and adopt silly French accent- Boris Johnson to wear lederhosen- Er...- That's itOr something, 
I’m so proud of the 83 Labour peers who defied Jeremy Corbyn’s whip and passed the amendment for the #SingleMarket & #EEA, & thank you to the 83 Tory peers. Brexit isn’t left vs right, it’s pragmatists against extremists, & the pragmatists fought the good fight tonight and won. 
.@EzekielElliott playing DE? @MikeEvans13_ getting an interception!? The WACKIEST plays from the 2019 #ProBowl! 
Sometimes when leaders seek to force change, like May and Corbyn are doing over #Brexit , it leads to a different change than they intended!As well as an encouraging backlash against Brexit, are we witnessing the welcome beginning of a significant realignment of the centre?  
Peers have inflicted another three major defeats on the government asking for more changes to the Brexit bill   
The archaic term Englandandwales seems to be in greater use than ever since #Brexit.When Englandandwales statistics are given they are utterly meaningless for #Wales.Wales is a nation in her own right. 
So will @jeremycorbyn whip his MPs to vote against this when it returns to the Commons? Brexit car crash coming for Labour  
If you’re an EU citizen and you have made London your home – you’re a Londoner. Today I launched the ‘Common Futures Forum’ to unite our nation post-Brexit through conversations across demographic groups and empowering young UK-based EU citizens to have a say on their future.  
Tory civil war after Boris condemns May’s 'crazy' Brexit customs planMay will have to go if she agrees Any Customs Deal!  
Congratulations to @UKLabour’s Waheed Alli - his amendment on #SingleMarket #EEA has passed tonight with cross-party support in Lords - taking a strong & important stand against a reckless hard #Brexit  
"No doubt the size of the turnout on Saturday does put pressure on the Scottish Government to use its mandate for a new referendum." 
Hard Brexit could be dead in just a few weeks, but only if @jeremycorbyn decides to vote against the government. #TimeToGotReal 
Never forget that Corbyn tried to block this. He had an open opportunity to soften Brexit and he tried to keep it hard.CORBYN IS A HARD BREXITER.  
Brexit is suffering defeat after defeat; and yet I haven’t seen any evidence of mass rallies from Leave supporters: just an overwhelming sense of mnyugh!! 
Great day in Belfast. Asked whether NI is relevant to the referendum. Of course. NI women are canvassing for us. NI women help us get abortion pills when Ireland seizes them. NI used to treat our FFA cases. NI women's struggle will be strengthened if we win. Hup @All4Choice! 
The McCrone Report states that the UK Gov will need to turn the inevitable independence referendum when Scots find out their wealth has been stolen into a social and political campaign.Its Already underway!Tories, Lab, LD against SNPCybernats V Everyone ElseSNP are a cult 
BREAKING: House of Lords: Despite Coryn's orders to Labour peers to abstain on an amendment calling for the UK to remain in the European Economic Area the votes of Brexit rebels on both sides meant May/Corbyn lost by 245 to 218 votes. 
83 Labour Lords defy Jeremy Corbyn to vote for a Norway-style Brexit. That is huge. 
The EU Customs Union is a racket that Britain must ditch in its entirety  #Brexit 
Unelected peers absolutely trashing Brexit legislation tonight. Remainers who were defeated at the referendum are now barely bothering to pretend they are not out to block Brexit by anti-democratic means. Govt must respond vigorously. 
Phew - thank goodness for rebels!When issue returns to Commons, focus will be on Labour front bench - will they really collude with Govt to make  country poorer, stop free movement, & undermine environmental protection?Britain deserves better opposition & better Govt #Brexit  
Great news to hear Labour’s fantastic Waheed Alli’s amendment on #SingleMarket #EEA carried with cross-party support in Lords - taking strong stand against reckless hard #Brexit - unusually I went up to Lords to watch result in person! @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
Defeat No13: The Government has suffered another defeat over its Brexit plans after peers voted to instruct ministers to negotiate the UK's continued membership of the European Economic Area, reports @cripeswatson 
Trump ignoring Britain(plus France & Germany) isn’t good for a Brexit trade deal while N Korea will note he exploded an international no-nukes deal with Iran 
Dear Loadsanames,You say people voted Brexit, the government must deliver & parliament must not interfere...yet you posh bovver boys in the ERG interfere all the time, bullying the PM into your brextremist madness.A tad hypocritical?We could let voters decide. #PeoplesVote 
Isn’t that a better description of what the Europhiles did between 1973 and 2016? They won one Referendum on false pretences in 1975 and then proceeded to bulldoze through successive Treaties without ever asking the people. 
Wow. Government defeated by 245-218 on amendment calling for UK to negotiate a Norway-style Brexit. Labour peers were whipped to abstain, so looks like a pretty big rebellion. 
Channel 4 covering fake social media in Ireland's referendum. Meanwhile RTE only complain about one ad because it pretended it was RTE and they didn't even mention it was an anti-abortion group. 
Remember the time you were asked where I would be after Brexit and you tweeted “In a computer” and thought that was amusing? Well, here I am. In your computer. Frustrating Brexit, every day  
Government defeat as peers back Lord Alli's amendment on UK participation of EEA after Brexit - votes 245 to 218. 
House of Lords has voted in favour of continued membership of the Single Market by majority of 27. Hugely important victory for common sense on Brexit 
Ending the Iran deal will be as good for stock markets as Brexit was. 
Channel 4 news tomorrow 7-8pm examining the role of social media in the Irish referendum.. including speaking to the domain owner of the undecided site @Together4yes @Colmogorman @Donal_OKeeffe @TaraFlynn @repeal_shield @responseTshirt @ArtimusFoul @newsworthy_ie 
The lunatic in charge of America should be reason enough to #StopBrexit and build stronger ties with our European allies. We will end up following him in to a phoney war just for the privilege of being able to buy chlorinated chicken. #IranDeal #Brexit 
Behind the phony wars, Labour and the Tories are getting on *remarkably* well in their quest to ensure there's no way to soften the damage of Brexit... Labour are, increasingly, utterly complicit in this mess.  
Lords voting now on amendment to enable UK to remain part of EEA & single market.So incredibly sad & disappointing to see Labour front bench complicit with Theresa May in inflicting so much damage on the country.Still hoping enough might rebel...#brexit 
Labour Brexit spokesperson Lady Hayter just urged the 'House to abstain' on amendment on not exiting the EEA unless it is a negotiating objective of the government to enable the UK to continue to participate in the EEA after exit date. Tory minister thanked Labour frontbench. # 
*PLEASE RT- stop @Twitter interference in Irish referendum #repealthe8th!*Pro-choice accounts@speakofIMELDA & @eastendjirish not only suspended, but following accounts have been forced to unfollow them, then blocked to prevent us contacting them. Sinister! 
Brexit: the people don't want it; MPs don't want it; the Lords don't want it.#StopBrexit 
Gonna raffle of my vote for the referendum the usual crack 1-47 tenner a head will go ahead when all the moneys in. 
Chuka is maybe the most disingenuous politician around & considering the state of the MPs nowadays, that is some achievementThe fact is Labour's position on Brexit isn't at all the same as the Tory/UKIP one yet he fakes that it is as he knows that will help his political career  
If you're quiet, oh so quiet, and you listen carefully you'll be able to hear it...That, my friend, is the sound of Brexiteers everywhere losing their shit as the parliamentary sovereignty they voted to reclaim swings into action #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit  
Boris Johnson’s ‘crazy’ remark is seismic: the cabinet Brexit split is out in the open | Steve Richards  
Another Brexit win for their Lordships:Lords 298 vs Plebs 17,400,000(Lords win as plebs votes are worth Jack shit)  
This column by @gavinsblog appeared in @IrishTimes 221 days ago. And it takes until today...two weeks before the referendum for @facebook to do something about it: 
UK government's plans for fixed Brexit date defeated in House of Lords  
.@SadiqKhan pledging to speak out for all EU citizens and all young people in the Brexit process. @mylifemysay 
If you're in London this Sunday, join us and a load of other very cool women in a protest against Brexit! We'll be joined by @OFOCBrexit &  @BestForBritain  80% of young women voted AGAINST Brexit. Come and make your voices heard! #stopbrexit #resist 
Once again, the Lords tries to save the government from itself. Fixing the Brexit date was such a monumental act of stupidity that only our government could have been responsible for demanding it  
Dreadful speech by Lord Forsyth claiming House of Lords would be undermining Govt by supporting Single Market & asking MPs to consider this. Chris Patten points out that Boris Johnson supported Single Market membership in the referendum campaign! 
I admire the way Trump is forging post-Brexit unity between UK, France and Germany. 
I'm continually critical of the House of Lords but credit where credit's due - when it comes to the issue of #Brexit, they're the real opposition to this awful Tory government and their Hard Brexit agenda that a majority neither voted for nor support#EUWithdrawalBill 
BREAKING: House of Lords: Confirmed that Labour peers have been ordered by Corbyn to abstain in vote calling for UK to remain in European Economic Area.Abstain on a vote against May's disastrous plans!And Corbyn supporters object to us tying him into this extreme Brexit ! 
As Ireland's abortion referendum approaches, Facebook is banning political ads from groups outside the country  
Many people voted Brexit because tgey'd had enough of political who say one thing and do another. If @GregClarkMP doesn't want to honour the manifesto he should resign his cabinet post & his seat to make room for someone who will. #EstablishmentStitchUp 
ANOTHER GOVERNMENT DEFEAT.Lords vote against a fixed date for leaving the EU. #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit #ExitFromBrexit 
Remember when Brexiteers predicted that other nations would soon be following us out of the EU?Hasn't happened and won't happen.Another gaffe from the goons in charge of Brexit.#FBPE#WATON#PeoplesVote 
“Bar Nigel Farage, nobody voted for Brexit for Brexit’s sake. We must question whether May’s deal is a fair implementation of the mandate.” @Will_DryOFOC on why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal - RT if you agree! 
Dominic Grieve tells me even if BJ gets his way over PM in Cabinet, Commons will overrule it: “He is not going to succeed in taking Parliament with him... he will not be able to deliver on the vision of Brexit he is currently pushing...So whats he doing?I dont know, ask him” 
If the Lords are foolish enough to continually obstruct the will of the British people, whom they profess to serve, then the people will have no choice but to remove them altogether. #AbolishTheLords #Brexit  
But there *definitely* isn’t a Remoaner campaign to stop Brexit from ever actually happening. Oh no, absolutely not. Nothing to see here. Move along.  
If you are a @UKLabour member or know people that are, make sure they get behind this excellent motion by @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU compelling the leadership to act in accordance with the membership’s views on #Brexit#peoplesvote #stoobrexit 
Thread. The more I read, the more the majority of those who argue for Lexit seem very similar to those who argue for Brexit: looking for evidence or making things up with the goal of supporting an ideological position. Another example here:  
.@Nigel_Farage on Trump's upcoming Iran decision: "What we're seeing is pushback from Macron, Merkel, Boris Johnson... Most of them don't like the Brexit result. They don't like Trump being elected, they haven't gotten used to the world we're currently living in."  
Why I will not rest until Brexit is back in it's festering box. I will not allow arse wipe fucknuggets like this set the agenda for my open and inclusive country. I will not allow Wangland Wangland Uber Alles be our national aaaanfem! Fuck the Brexshitting Brexoffenders  
Lords back removal of 'Brexit exit day'. Good move that gives UK much more flexibility and time to time to think twice about Brexit madness. Now we need Labour to back it in the Commons. #PeoplesVote 
Brilliant HOL, absolutely brilliant.  They are undoing all of MAYHEM's racist brexit, step by step, challenging all her red lines, misdirection, lies and bullying.  
Since the Brexit referendum the flow of talent between the EU and Britain has reversed. The best used to want to come here. Now they don't.  
We want Brexit now!#ForTheNation 
71% of Brits want a #HostileEnvironment for illegal immigrants, the other 29% are still trying to vote Labour. #Brexit  
The government has suffered another Brexit bill defeat in the Lords after peers voted to remove the Brexit date of 29 March 2019 from the legislation  
10 Conservative Lords just voted to remove the date of Brexit from the EU Withdrawal Bill. Are they going to be kicked out of the party, @theresa_may? 
Never forget that Britain wouldn't have survived Hitler were it not for our European allies The Free Czechs, Poles, Norweigans, Danes, Dutch, Belgians & the free French who all  stood with us & shed blood when we were alone. Don't Let Brexit Propaganda rewrite our history. #VEDay 
Such sense has indeed prevailed in House of Lords. Peers including @LibDemLords have voted by a majority of 78 to remove a fixed Brexit date from #EUWithdrawalBill. Hopefully MPs will agree with us... 
A major dose of reality needs to pop the Brexit bubbles this govt has been blowing shamelessly. If we’re approaching an endgame, we need an engaged opposition (& principled backbenchers) to call out the nonsense, lies & myths. It’s enough.  
BREAKING: Europhile Lords strike again, this time voting to remove the date of Brexit from the EU Withdrawal Bill. They defeated the government 311 to 233. Another outrageous act of sabotage.  
Govt defeated by 78 in Lords on largely symbolic vote taking Brexit date out of EU Withdrawal Bill - won’t affect whether Brexit happens next March. Crawling our way to the debate that matters today on Single Market 
.@theresa_may needs to .....get out of Parliamentget out of Westminsterget out of London..... and talk to  LEAVE  voters in the  UKThey'll tell her what  BREXIT  means( and how angry and frustrated they are ) 
Govt defeat: Peers vote 311 to 233 for an amendment removing the Brexit date of 29 March 2019 from the bill 
John Whittingdale MP - "People will feel deeply betrayed if we remained part of an arrangement which required us to still abide by EU regulations, still pay money in it and have to maintain freedom of movement." #Brexit  
This is absolutely disgusting from @Femi_Sorry who should apologise and withdraw immediately. Comparing the Brexit vote to the Nazis is downright disrespectful to 17.4 million (52%) Brits and the millions of people who suffered under the Nazi regime. Disgraceful.  
Citizens of Ireland!  Today (8th May) is the last day to register to vote in this month’s referendum - fight for women’s rights, their safety and their autonomy. Check you’re registered and nudge your Irish friends & followers. Go to   #RepealThe8th 
Healthy, white teeth start with strong enamel—and enamel stays strong by brushing 2x daily with Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste. @PopSugar 
Lord Lawson - "Greg Clark’s remarks about thousands of jobs being at risk is complete economic illiteracy. There are no jobs at risk."The fact is there are a number of people who disagree with the idea of the United Kingdom leaving the EU." #Brexit  
'Bar Nigel Farage, nobody voted for Brexit for Brexit’s sake. We must question whether May’s deal is a fair implementation of the mandate.'@Will_DryOFOC from @OFOCBrexit argues why we must give the public a say on the final Brexit deal  
The @NAOorguk has warned that the original £35-39bn estimate that May made about a #Brexit divorce bill were in fact far too low. #Brexit is already causing, and will cause further significant damage to the UK economy. @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal. 
Delighted to have been re-elected as Chair of the All Party Group on Cancer @niassembly We'll be holding mtgs covering a wide range of issues this year, inc. access to drug treatments, implications of Brexit, patient experience, diagnostics, etc. 
“Strong likelihood of leadership election” / Cabinet resignations if PM pushes “crazy” customs partnership. says Tory MEP: and I heard the same from an MP too... The Tory Brexit grouping meets tonight...  
Lord Hannay -There was no reference to the date of our exit from the EU in the bill as it was originally drafted... the inclusion of the date was a purely political decision... another of those sops to one of the all too frequent outbursts from the brexit at any cost supporters.  
.@Dafydd_Wigley dismayed at Labour’s decision to work with the Tories to block the attempt to keep the UK in the Single Market. #Brexit #EEA #WithdrawalBill 
Why didn’t you take down the posters?  I thought you were supposed to be an elite university. Or are you running a kindergarten? 
After Berliner Weisse and Currywurst @Scotkraut and I have moved on to the more important things Join us tomorrow at Brandenburg Gate, 11am to 2pm for @euwomeneu event. #Berlin #Women4Europe #EuropeDay #Europatag #Brexit  
BANG TO RIGHTS!!!Darren Grimes was given over £675,000 by Vote Leave to run his own campaign; he spent this with AIQ. Here's Grimes campaigning for Vote Leave THE DAY BEFORE THE REFERENDUM when he is meant to be running his BeLeave campaign...the case for the prosecution rests.  
“I see your jumper there. I haven’t made my mind up”.  Taxi driver to airport asked me if could chat about the referendum. His wife is just about to give birth. It was good to be able to chat through the misinformation. “I think I’ll go with the Yes”.  
BREXIT BETRAYERS: House of Lords to vote against will of Britain for ELEVENTH time!   Time to Abolish?           #fo2eu  
My friend in Belgium says exactly the same. Thry are bewildered and saddened that the UK is leaving the biggest peace project that evolved from the end of the 2nd World War.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
I've signed up to the People's Vote daily briefing, the only email you need to keep abreast of the Brexit news that really matters.Join me and sign up today:  
Dear @AmberRuddHR, after your #Windrush experience might I suggest that you take care not to make misleading statements such as claiming that there is a "Brexit that protects existing jobs and future investment".#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Shout out to all the prochoice women in Irish media who are currently not allowed to comment on the upcoming referendum. A referendum which directly effects them personally and their human rights. We see you. We love you. We support you. We will do this. #Together4Yes 
#BernardJenkin on pathetic #Remoaner attempts to undermine #Brexit: "this won't wash, and it all hinges on the false premise that our prosperity depends on  the #EuropeanUnion"  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives @theresa_may #UK 
Government suffers 11th Brexit bill defeat in House of Lords  
BREAKING: Parliament confirms it will debate voting to ‘remain in the EU’  YOU CANNOT HAVE A VOTE TO BREXIT THEN ALLOW MPs TO GO AGAINST THAT DECISION 
Breaking news.House of Lords have voted  against the people again on Brexit for an eleventh time today.Vote for the House of Lords to be abolished.  
The Government has been defeated in the House of Lords by 298-227 votes on an amendment to allow British membership in a variety of EU agencies after Brexit 
Lords now debating taking Brexit date out of EU Withdrawal Bill. Pointless in that Brexit date depends on Article 50 notice not this bill, so a largely symbolic vote 
The latest @emireland @REDCResearch poll on attitudes to the EU shows that 92% of Irish people are in favour of EU membership. The onset of #brexit seems to have strengthened Irish commitment to EU membership.  
BREAKING: Govt defeat as Peers vote 298-227 (Maj. 71) for key cross-party amendt (93) to #EUWithdrawalBill re: working relations with EU agencies post-#Brexit 
Govt defeat: Peers vote 298 to 227 for an amendment meaning the UK cannot be prevented from replicating EU law or continuing to participate in EU agencies after Brexit 
Even Barnier's team having to deal with Corbyn's Brexit nonsense.  
Westminster dont want to reveal their plans for Northern Ireland cos they are going to leave it in the EU,,they know scots will demand the same as thats what we voted for.Brexit is showing the union up for what it actually is and its not fair or equal 
I am still awaiting your response @DUPleader on your solution for the Irish border after #Brexit. There are so many important questions that are still unanswered.  
I've spent all day drawing a picture of my latest nightmare for my Brexit therapist  
My son was born in 2010.He was born on a Sat and I lost my job on the Mon (due to 2008 crash) since then we’ve had nothing but austerity while the world recovers. Now Brexit will steal his living standards, job prospects, life opportunities and social mobility.#OFOC #FBPE 
5 Times Brexiters claimed leaving the EU was all about Parliamentary democracy. Now that our democratically elected Parliament is asserting itself over Brexit, suddenly they don't seem so keen... 
Hello, I would like to tell you a special secret about why Britain keeps capitulating in Brexit talks and will continue to do so. It is called infrastructure  
Over 400 people have called into City Hall today to register to vote #onlyonehourleft #referendum  
Both parties made this non party political.They were quite unequivocal leave meant leave.No ifs or buts.The harsh reality is either betrayal or not.We did not vote for 'pragmatic' Brexit, it wasn't on the ballot paper.YOU SOUND LIKE A CROOK TO ME  
The interests of big business are always going to be a threat to any nation's sovereignty.The EU keeps companies like Google and Amazon in line.The first thing Theresa May proposed after the Brexit vote was slashing tax for corporations, to keep them happy. 
The Tory Government is once again demonstrating that they are divided on Brexit. Theresa May has mishandled the negotiations, cannot maintain unity, and the people deserve the final say on whether we should have an #ExitfromBrexit 
But... but... Brexit.  
“'The sentence is already written, this judgement is a theater” says former Catalan MP @yeyaboya to #SpanishInquisition tribunal heading Democratic Referendum case 
When all the while the government’s own analysis reveals these trade deals will bring almost no benefit to an economy that even the softest Brexit will significantly shrink. It is the embodiment of madness.  
LISTEN | @bernardjenkin on pathetic Remoaner attempts to undermine Brexit: "this won't wash, and it all hinges on the false premise that our prosperity depends on the European Union"  Support us at  
Still one of the best Brexit cartoons.  
'Saying that you respect the result of the referendum and then going on to sabotage it, is not the way to endear any party to anyone'  
Everyone make sure you check if your registered to vote for the referendum, never pay attention to politics but this is definitely something il be voting on, il be voting for abortion to become legal in Ireland hope everyone does the right thing and votes the same #repealthe8th 
For the record, #PTI has nothing to do with 12th May. On 12th of May 2007, Gen #Musharaf was President and IK backed the referendum of 2002 in his support. Mush was favourite of @ImranKhanPTI.  #SiyasatKaroNafratNahi #History 
Facebook blocks foreign ads ahead of Irish referendum on abortion.  
National Farmers' Union president @Minette_Batters  environmentalist @GeorgeMonbiot and @OwenSmith_MP on what happens to farming subsidies after #Brexit 
The local election results should be a wake-up call for Labour to stop obstructing Brexit  
The Brexit deal will be a mess. In the end its cheerleaders will abandon it - this is why there needs to be a #PeoplesVote on the final deal! 
Theresa May's vision of a hard #Brexit is crumbling beneath her, from the customs union clause to the invisible Irish border. But, it is not too late to turn back from her fantasist #Brexit. She must grant the public a meaningful vote on the deal with an option to #ExitFromBrexit 
I second this. When it comes to Brexit @heidi_mp is in top 5 most knowledgeable & engaged MPs. Unlike most of her colleagues she regards Brexit’s complexity as something to tackle rather than avoid. She’s also great company. London’s gain is Remain’s loss.  
It's obviously not a bad thing facebook are banning people from outside Ireland spending money on ads for the referendum but surely this could and should have been done months ago? Bit stable door and bolted horse at this stage. 
.@BorisJohnson calls @theresa_may Brexit customs plan crazy, not even hint of slap down. @Jeremy_Hunt refuses to leave health, keeps job. @JustineGreening refuses to take pensions job, booted to backbenches. Does PM indulge male truculence and obstruction more than female? 
Brexit: Loss of EHIC 'to stop thousands of Britons with long-term illnesses taking holidays abroad'  
Labour's Lord Foulkes challenges Brexit Minister Lord Callanan to a £10 bet that the UK will not leave the EU by 29 March 2019 The minister declines the bet, saying he's not sure it's permitted under House rules 
Nobody under the age of 53 has had a say on the 8th amendment. If you want to have your say in this historic referendum, you must register today. Some Councils will even take scanned RFA2 forms once they are stamped. #GetYourVoteOn #8thref #RepealThe8th #YouthForYes 
Brexit the May Way is vandalism of the UK on a hideous scale."O wad some Power the giftie gie us To see oursels as ithers see us!"  
If there's one thing I hope Ireland has learned through this referendum campaign, it's that the legacy of silence, shame, and isolation needs to end. I hope we keep sharing and talking and holding each other up after May 25. 
"Root and branch reform" you say? Sounds good to us! How about starting with a referendum on public ownership - probably the most popular policy in the UK, with 76% in favour. Or even just a referendum on the balance of passenger/taxpayer funding?  
awh lads when I said the anti-choicers would have me nerves wrecked by the time the referendum came around I didn’t mean fucking literally pic.twitter.com/fhdSViyReC 
For many in the Republic of Ireland (ROI) Brexit is seen as a hostile act by a foreign power. It is the political Pearl Harbour of EU politics. The UK have suddenly declared Brexit on their nearest neighbour. An act of Brexit is about to be committed. 
May cannot cancel out 17.4 million who voted Brexit. She is either very stupid or very devious. We are the people no matter what undemocratic schemes are devised to deceive.  
.Based on the Secretary of State for Scotland Mundell’s   recent comments at Holyrood re the Brexit Bill “Consent”, the Scottish People voted to be Ignored by Westminster in the 2014 Independence Referendum.                       -You Just Can’t Trust a Tory-  
Shortly I will be raising in the Seanad, foreign investment in referendum campaigns. Facebook's announcement this hour that they will suspend referendum ads from outside the state is welcome and it should be an urgent call to action to Google, and the state. 
Sir Geoffrey Palmer, former PM of New Zealand, says that everyone outside the UK looking at what’s happening here regards Brexit as a ‘catastrophe.’ 
Irish Sign Language version of The Independent Guide to the Referendum on the Regulation of Termination of Pregnancy by the @RefCom_ie can be viewed here:  
Remainers are trying to bully Gavin Williamson into changing his mind & backing May's awful customs plan.What they seem to forget is even if he does not only is his career over, the People still voted #BrexitBritish People have REJECTED #EU Rule#Leave 
Remainiac MP Nicky Morgan: Brexiteers are "toddlers who want their favourite toy, and stamp their feet with frustration".That's at least 17.4 million British people.What a democrat you are Nicky, well done!#Brexit  
RT! Staying in the customs union and indeed the single market is about what's best for Britain following the EU referendum not in spite of it - brexiteers can huff and puff all they want, but they can't actually...  
When Great-Britain goes #brexit, #NorthernIreland and #Scotland must be allowed to vote freely of their independence. Mrs. PM @theresa_may must ensure, that situation in #Catalonia is not repeated in GB. I am sure both new countries will be accepted to #EU and to Nordic Council. 
The UK has invested £millions in the EU Galileo satellite navigation system and now the Tories are saying they plan to start again from scratch with a "British" satellite network, at massive cost and over many decades, because of #Brexit... 
We want to hear your views on the Irish abortion referendum. If you would like to feature in a social media video please email instagramstories@theguardian.com 
Otiende Amollo deconstructs Karanja Kabage's claims that there will be no referendum without the support of DP Ruto. #AMLiveNTV 
No, the people didn't reject Hard Brexit; as that would've seen LibDems in power. The people supported hard Brexit by overwhelmingly voting for TWO parties that agree with Britain leaving the E.U completely. Clever play on semantics, but some of us plebs are educated, sorry.  
Boris Johnson publicly calls her Brexit plans "crazy," yet Theresa May's spokesman today repeatedly refused to offer even the mildest rebuke of him. Hard to think of a former PM who was in such an obviously weak position with their cabinet.  
Peers set to remove #Brexit date from Withdrawal Bill in fresh blow for beleagured May. This will be the 11th consecutive defeat for the government, as the Lords seek to inject some sanity back into the lower chamber.  via @PoliticsHome 
I met some Germans here in Scotland c. 10 days ago and they were crystal clear: #Brexit is lunacy - they don't understand it at all. Also said they hadn't really understood 2014 #Indyref.Now they say: "We get it #Scotland; Europe is waiting for you-but can't wait forever"#AUOB 
Now @EmilyThornberry  says Labour would keep Britain in the customs union. so the official Opposition policy on Brexit has changed. Again. 
After concerns were raised, @facebook has said it will no longer be accepting ads related to the forthcoming referendum on the 8th amendment to the Irish constitution if they are from advertisers based outside of Ireland.   
.@OwenSmith_MP could not be clearer - the people should be able to ratify the #brexit deal at the end of the process, where all economic analysis pointing towards #brexit making the UK worse off @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
Big news in Ireland. Facebook says will not accept ads from anyone outside Ireland ahead of the abortion referendum. Great work from @gavinsblog on really pushing this story 
The New Customs Partnership is an unworkable plan hatched in Whitehall which could topple Theresa May and derail Brexit, says @LiamHalligan 
Why does BBC continue to use phrase ‘clean break’ to refer to a hard Brexit w/unicorns nullifying need for a border in Ireland? Don’t see what’s ‘clean’ about it 
Facebook is to begin rejecting 8th referendum ads from foreign organisations. From now on advertisers will have to prove residency here in Ireland or else won’t be able to post ads seeking to influence the outcome of the vote. 
Dominic Grieve on Boris Johnson's Brexit intervention: "Discussions within government are confidential... If you don't like the collective position - at that point you have to resign." @BBCWorldatOne #bbcwato 
"Nigel (Lawson) is not right that the EU trades with the rest of the world on WTO terms, they had 60-odd trade agreements with other parts of the world" @OwenSmith_MP#Brexit #bbcdp 
Good news: Facebook Ireland will be stopping adverts from outside Ireland for the remainder of the #Repealthe8th referendum campaign. It is up to the people to decide on the issue, free from undue outside  influence. #digital #standards  
Reports in @thetimesIE last month led to the social network referring an organisation to SIPO amid fears that foreign funds were boosting posts relating to the referendum  
Brexit is about taking back control not a hostile environment.  
Breaking: Facebook Ireland has announced it will not be accepting ads from anyone outside Ireland ahead of the referendum on the Eighth Amendment following concerns @thetimesIE 
I joined the Lib Dems - join me here:  via @LibDems. Building critical mass in the centre. Strong econ + business so can afford caring state. Less tribal politics. Open, modern, #humanist, global. #PeoplesVote to exit from #Brexit in best interests of UK 
Headline:Boris Johnson in desperate bid to get sacked so he can avoid responsibility for absolutely inevitable Brexit disaster, and launch another leadership run, like the irresponsible, self-centred Junior Trump he really is. 
We know it will be you, @Anna_Soubry @NickyMorgan01 @sarahwollaston @JustineGreening @AmberRuddHR @vickyford @Sandbach (+ honorary males Grieve and @KenClarkeMP and others), who save the day. Together you can beat the appalling Brexit bully boys.  Thank you for fighting for us.  
With negotiations going so badly, our Brexit deal looks set to stop anyone with a long-term illness from going on holiday to Europe. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal - to make sure it works for everyone, not just a few MPs  
Haha this is how good Brexit looks to everyone else  
No surprise the EU hasn’t offered the financial services sector a sweetheart deal. Tories have to stop trying to cherry-pick in #Brexit negotiations.We're already seeing sgfnt. damage to our economy, like being the slowest growing economy of the G7&these impacts will only worsen. 
WATCH: @OwenSmith_MP on #BBCDP is right to say that when once we know what is on offer for Brexit, the people should ratify the final deal in a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
Brexit status update:• Cabinet is divided between two forms of Brexit (customs partnership vs max fac)• They're so divided they want to delay deciding between them• The EU has already rejected bothSummary: the cabinet can't decide what colour unicorn it wants to ask for 
I'm in Truro this week to warn how #Brexit, and particularly leaving the customs union & single market, is failing #Cornwall. My visit coincides with evidence that more people here have changed their minds on EU membership than anywhere else in the UK.  
The time for continued fudging and obfuscation of the UK’s future Brexit trajectory should now be well and truly over. The longer @theresa_may sits on the fence, the harder the eventual fall. 
Labour's @CarolineFlintMP says the Brexit games have to stop  
UK voted to #Leave ALL #EU Customs Arrangements..."[May] needs to listen to her parties & her Cabinet who have given a very strong message on this issue.She may not realise it, but we are on the brink here.This could be the end of Theresa May"#Brexit 
Good of Nigel Lawson to regularly tear himself away from his comfortable, privileged life in France to argue for #Brexit policies that will impoverish so many ordinary people in the UK. #bbcdp 
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT  
"Greg Clark’s remark about thousands of jobs at risk is complete economic illiteracy. There are no jobs at risk at all" Lord Lawson on #Brexit#bbcdp 
“President is keen for Britain to get out of the EU so we can get on with doing a great trade deal. He’s surprised it’s taking so long.”Those who want to stay in Customs Union & stop Brexit are undermining UK’s national interest!  
Heidi although we totally disagree on Brexit you have been a principled and dedicated MP and I will miss you BUT now if you can change the way @TFL ignores local communities that will be wonderful #transparency 
There is no ‘hard’ or ‘soft’ Brexit. There is only leaving or not really leaving. Ironic that May has to pretend she wants to leave and Corbyn has to pretend he doesn’t. 
Lawson has just said “No jobs are at risk” from Brexit. Really Nigel? Let’s see how that pans out shall we? #dailypolitics 
I see this as being very significant. Once the exit date is scrubbed, the time limited for the withdrawal itself can be extended (rather than just the transition period), allowing sufficient time for another referendum and a change of government.  
So disappointed to see @heidi_mp leave the Commons. One of many brilliant, sensible, pro-EU backbench Labour MPs. If the Labour front bench was made up of MPs of a similar calibre, Brexit would probably have been sunk months ago.  
Gutted by Alexander leaving parliament. Vital voice on liberal Labour left. V.principled & knowledgeable on Brexit. Spoke like an actual flesh and blood human. Major loss. 
Peers should respect the votes of 17.4 million people. Public would be outraged if unelected Lords were trying to reverse Brexit in a show of loyalty to their Brussels pay packet  
I mean obviously I'm not suggesting he's just saying this now to win the favour of a bunch of hard-Brexit Tory lunatics in a desperate bid for power, that would be crazy. 
Watching the Tories tear their party apart in public, with the realisation that #Brexit is undoable and highly damaging, gives you a satisfying sense of schadenfreude #ProjectFear has turned into #ProjectReality ...................and they still haven't got a plan  
May's *plan* for a " Post Brexit Custom's Partnership "GOVE (the knife) says it's "bonkers"JRM - (pronouncing from the bowels of the 18th C,) says " it's crazy*BoJo (the clown juggling his ambitions) rubbishes it.Oh very dearie me !Cabinet in meltdown !! 
We have an anti-Brexit govt in the UK intentionally squeezing money from the post-Brexit trade department. The Chancellor WANTS Brexit to fail and this is just one of the ways he’s trying to make it...  
Heidi Alexander @heidi_mp has been one of Parliament's strongest voices for the Single Market and against a destructive hard Brexit. We wish her well in her new role in City Hall.  
Even Boris Johnson is now speaking out publicly against the prime minister's "crazy" customs partnership plan - his words! It's time for her to ditch this idiotic idea now & get on with proper Brexit.Read at  Support us at  
The magic money tree is always in full bloom when the government needs to ‘deliver on Brexit’ and make us all poorer  
Grandparents for Repeal call on other Grandparents to vote yes in the upcoming referendum on the #8thref pic.twitter.com/8ZDOeYybPf 
The Brexit process is at a tipping point. This evening the Lords will have the chance to set us on the right path towards an #EEA-based Brexit. Here’s my piece in today’s @guardian, which outlines why it’s vital that they do so: 
There is no room for complacency, but it seems the #Brexit domino effect predicted by Nigel Farage & others has foundered. Remarkable to see that now 92% of Irish people polled believe that Ireland should remain part of the EU!  (Source: ) 
Brexit is not a problem but an opportunity, says Defence Secretary @GavinWilliamson 
From January this year, £200 fucking million per week! That's at least £3,6 billion this year already! Imagine what you could use that money for. Still, blue fucking passports right? Nobody but a moron or a self serving politician still supports Brexit. 
IDS: People heroically saw through Project Fear... but Brussels can't bear to see Britain succeed after Brexit 
Now if you believe it's possible Brexit that the government might give us a bad Brexit, then it's your responsibility as Brexit voters, to keep an eye on what the government is doing to us in your name.#PeoplesVote 
If you think it's impossible to have a harmful Brexit, no matter how the government handles it, then you have given Brexit god-like status. You believe the EU to be an absolute evil and Brexit an absolute good. I don't like using the word Brextremist, but it applies in that case. 
Opting *not* to vaccinate your kids is not merely reckless to their health but the health of others - it's the medical equivalent of Brexit... but with actual life and death in the mix 
The British cabinet's cunning Brexit plan1. Stall until we get a bad deal2. Blame it on May3. Boot out May4. Have an election5. Lose the election6. Become busily and ostentatiously distracted by something else 
A powerful editorial in today's Daily Mail highlights the absurdity of Theresa May's warped "customs partnership" plan. It's time for her to wake up and deliver the clean Brexit that 17.4m Brits voted for! Support us at  
Brexit to cost an extra £3Bn due to loss of access to Galileo GPS cluster for defence purposes. MoD now need their own navigation cluster. #headdesk 
Sorry @Labour4EU. I don't want JC at all, not even if he does 180° turn to gain power. It was understandable that Labour Remainers tried for a while to change the party. But Corbyn is as toxic as the Tories. We need Remain MPs to stop Brexit rather than try to change party line.  
People from all across the country are coming to London on June 23rd to demand that we, the people, are given the final say on the #Brexit deal. Come and join us for this historic event and make your voice heard! #peoplesvote 
Front page of @ScotNational today is our leader @LeanneWood AM challenging the agreement between Labour led Welsh Government and UK Conservative Government to restrict Welsh powers following #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
.@ChukaUmunna once again accusing the Labour Party of "voting with UKIP" on Brexit on @Skynews. I want him to lose the whip for this deliberate misrepresentation of Labour's position. Between that and his tirade the night before the local elections on LBC, he needs censuring. 
It's V-Day today in Britain but politicians and mainstream hacks have been ordered to keep their traps shut about it so as not to upset #Germany that now runs Europe through the EU and tells Brussels to tell Britain what to do. You can understand why #Brexit will never happen. 
If democracy fails over Brexit, who knows what the future holds. Failed democracy = failed Society.  
No sir, very much not alone. Have you heard the term 'allies' before?My dear Polish friend Tony walked barefoot out of a Siberian work camp, via the middle east, fought at Arnhem and Monte Cassino and died with the fear that Brexit would split up his family.Learn something.  
I just read a piece about the referendum in the Irish Times that included the actual words "shrill voices". Give you a clue, don't use the word "shrill" when talking about this. Ever. About either side tbh. 
not saying Brexit isn't going swimmingly but the foreign secretary has just called the prime minister's customs plan "crazy" and no one is that surprised 
Officially out today: brand new edition of Brexit & Ireland: the Dangers, the Opportunities, the Inside Story of the Irish Response, fully updated  pic.twitter.com/Jj8bBkhJZU 
Lords to SCRAP Britain's BREXIT DATE: Peers in shock new block amendment to EU bill. Who the hell is Baroness Hayter. Where does her income come from. This is really getting out of hand. Don´t wait for the debate to scrap the lords get on with it now.  
Unelected Europhile Lords are STILL not done meddling with Brexit. Now they want to scrap an official date for leaving the EU! These disgraceful people are totally out of control - abolish now!Read more at  Support us at  
"Arch-Remainer civil servants surrounding May are pushing the scheme incessantly — egged on by pro-Brussels ministers who have never accepted Brexit," writes @LiamHalligan 
So all that is left of Brexit is the will of some of the people means we must rediscover our bulldog spirit to survive.Pointless 
I think the 'Britain Alone' mindset was a factor in the Brexit result. 'Britain Alone' was when we were losing the war. VE Day came because we had allies.  
Who needs a plan when you can rediscover your bulldog spirit. Brexit was sold as making the UK better off. You can’t champion having to invoke spirit in adversity as a positive  
Hoping Peers remove Brexit date from Withdrawal Bill in new crisis for May who stupidly forced 29/3/19 be included in legislationThankfully sense prevails in House of Lords where people put country above party: thanks .@SarahLudford .@LibDemLords for leading#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Tories in complete disarry over post-Brexit customs arrangements - Labour must seize the moment!   
The European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) is vital for patients taking holidays abroad, but thanks to the government's approach to Brexit, they could lose their right to free healthcare on the continent. 
Yesterday I read David Attenborough is horrified at how Brexit is destroying the UK, today the author of War Horse Michael Morpurgo: My family fought for peace, not for Brexit. When will good honest people wake up and demand a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote? 
Those bloody Irish.... how does that Churchill quote go again? “We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English”. Brexit really has brought out the worst in many Brits, it was an underlining problem that’s just come to the surface.  
Fair play to Boris Johnson today on customs partnership nonsense. One of few Cabinet ministers who seems to understand the stakes and is prepared to fight for Brexit. 
Michael Gove has described Theresa May’s plan for a post-Brexit customs partnership as “bonkers”, Jacob Rees-Mogg has called it “cretinous” and now Boris Johnson has labelled it “crazy.” Heaven help us 
“The Irish people are not so easily fooled as to follow the consensus in the media and entertainment world, and increasingly they are seeing this referendum for what it is all about – the introduction of abortion on demand.” @CoraSherlock  #LoveBothVoteNO 
Let's get this right: Boris Johnson flew to the US & failed miserably to secure a meeting with #TrumpThat's the same #Trump the UK is going to negotiate a fantastic trade deal with post- #Brexit ?This shows the UK economy is toast when we leave the EU!  
No10 mad if they think this is just Boris sounding off. It is also a majority of the Brexit sub-committee, the ERG, Nick Timothy, seemingly every Brexiter, and now the Daily Mail:  
Each time the House of Lords vote against the Brexit that 17.4 million people voted for they are voting themselves into extinction.Join the movement. Sign the petition. 
If we had voted to remain there would have been no compromise to leave voters , there wouldn’t have been a debate about further integration into Europe . So with the greatest respect those that lost the referendum don’t count ....  
Where I work, almost everybody voted for #Brexit, and were not bothered with being labelled racist or xenophobic, which they know they are not.The elites have now lost their main tool on people's mind : culpabilisation. 
Since the Brexit Referendum UK GDP growth has fallen way behind where it should be - AND foreign investment into the UK has collapsed 90%. Brexit is a guaranteed disaster, the evidence is already here... #BrexitShambles 
SHAMELESS: Europhile Lords now want to remove date of Brexit from EU Withdrawal Bill as they continue campaign to stop Brexit. Sickening disregard for democracy.  
Desperate #Government #Brexit plan to do exactly what they previously said they wouldn’t do - have #Border checks between #NorthernIreland and rest of UK .... 
@AndrewCastle63 was also particularly pro-Brexit, hence his chuckle at the mention of stopping it. Afterwards, when I pointed out that Brexit makes its own promises impossible, (e.g. we get better trade deals as EU members), Castle made two conflicting arguments.  
Those 3 benefits of Brexit:1/ EU popularity rising in all EU countries including the UK2/ The UK's neighbours showered with jobs and investment3/ A lesson to all on what happens to a major nation when you let xenophobes, tax dodgers and disaster capitalists decide policy. 
When even the Mail starts to report items like this then you'd better start listening Mrs May @theresa_may Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. The people in whose name you are supposed to be acting do not want Brexit. This is the will of the people.  
"Not a single vote was cast to weaken the Welsh parliament in the Brexit referendum. In fact, the will of the Welsh people, as expressed in two devolution referendums, is being disregarded by this dodgy deal." @LeanneWood 
If .@theresa_may cannot still comprehend that she's in power because of LEAVE voters,  a situation she has to acknowledge,  then we have a major problem.This, despite it being the 2nd time that Leave voters have rescued her in a year (she won't be rescued a 3rd time)BREXIT NOW 
If your circumstances bear no relation to Rees-Mogg's, the chances that his interests coincide with yours are close to zero.Rees-Mogg doesn't care two hoots about access to education and health care, or jobs, or the cost of living. Rees-Mogg wants a hard Brexit. Do you? 
A really comprehensive overview for Brexit geeks of the arbitration systems in all the EU's current trade agreements by an ex ECJ judge. Concludes that the Ukraine model (championed by MEPs) is best compromise between UK's red lines and its economic aims.  
Today sees the launch of two major policy reports - from @resfoundation  Intergenerational Commission & @WeAreBrightBlue on ‘Burning Injustices’ as well as @GeorgeFreemanMP @BigTentIdeas Fest 2018  - let’s not let Brexit eclipse issues which really need to be tackled in the U.K. 
Brexit is a totally pointless exercise - unless you're a disaster capitalist or a Tory investment banker who will feast off Britain's carcass when asset prices plummet. People of Britain being set up to satisfy the greed of a few selfish, craven people. Corbyn helping it along! 
Boris goes to war on 'crazy' No 10 Brexit customs plan  
Remember, you were voted in on Brexit means Brexit. Not some half baked fudge!!  
Shithead unionist "journalist" Chris Deerin uses Alex Ferguson's brain  haemorrhage to advertise Better Together, tell us not to worry about Brexit,  and why the SNP are Bad. Beyond scraping the barrel. 
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning:“We have 1,000 companies operating in the UK today funded by Japanese capital,” There won’t be a deal better than the single market . 
Is the moment of Brexit doom nigh for @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn?  
Radio 4 just now - Brexit twisted logicJustin Webb: But Toyoto threatening to quit BritainBernard Jenkin of Rees Mogg led Brexiter group: Yes but the employees voted to leave and they won't like this system that effectively leaves us in EU. 
Bernard Jenkin neatly made case for the #PeoplesVote on @BBCr4today Leave won the referendum, but people are now realising the risks in the complexity. Representatives dare not usurp the decision but cannot face the economic damage of pressing ahead.#PeoplesVote is the answer 
Macron 'ENRAGED' as English set to be MAIN language in EU after Brexit  
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO REGISTER TO VOTE!Get your form stamped in the Garda station + hand deliver it to your local council before it closes. If you don't register today you can't vote in the referendum. Don't miss your chance to be part of history! #repealthe8th #together4yes 
And we still won’t have a Brexit deal  
If only our PM was someone who believes in Brexit and who has a vision for post-Brexit Britain - as Boris does.  Instead we’re saddled with plodding, unimaginative, timid, defeatist remainers who see their role as mere damage limitation. What a waste.   
Johnson stirs Brexit battle with salvo against customs partnership: When did a UK Foreign Sec last call his PM's policy 'crazy' in public? via @financialtimes 
You couldn't ask for a more perfect encapsulation of the pointlessness of Brexit than ham-faced cretin Gavin Williamson saying we should build our own Galileo system. 
Tragic metaphor for Govnt’s approach to Brexit. Department of International Trade to cut jobs of civil servants helping UK exporters trade now to pay for new staff to negotiate possible new trade deals that don’t exist sometime in the future and won’t make up for the lost trade  
Japan's ambassador, Koji Tsuruoka, knows that #Brexit will bring great economic uncertainty to the UK. That's why his country's biggest firms Nissan and Toyota have stopped investing in the UK and are not taking on new employees. 
Worth noting Boris Johnson approved the Customs Partnership model last August. All UK position papers submitted in the Brexit negotiations were signed off by the Cabinet. "This paper details the Government’s aspirations for the UK’s future customs arrangements" was the preamble 
One way to pay for future health & social care and boost millennials' wages would be to stop doing things to depress trend GDP growth, such as Brexit or austerity.  
In today's news- Boris goes to war on 'crazy' No 10 Brexit customs plan- Rees-Mogg says Boris would be 'more aggressive' as PM in negotiations- Theresa May delays final decision over customs partnership plan  
This is pure crazy.Liam Fox is cutting hundreds of jobs that assist UK businesses in trading with emerging economies NOW...... so that he can hire more trade negotiators to do fantasy deals *IF* we leave the Customs Union.It’s just so #Brexit. 
will of the people ... A People's Vote on the final Brexit deal  
I'll be in Paris on Monday with  @thomasbrake to give an update to Brits living there on Brexit. En espérant vous y voir! ;)  
Labour MP launches bid for new EU referendum as Corbyn faces pressure over Brexit policy  
The best thing I've read about #Brexit, you ask? Try Sir David Edward   
I rtd Mike yesterday. People who bothered to look, knew this was coming, it came and it's as dirty as they imagined.Brexit, Trump, Hungary, the rise of far right extremism is right on our doorstep. I hope there are enough decent people to stand up.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says Boris Johnson would be ‘MORE AGGRESSIVE’ in Brexit talks than PM May  
Boris Johnson is right: No 10's post-Brexit customs plan is "crazy", especially when you consider that this government couldn't even get resources to Grenfell Tower survivors.  But it's not as crazy as the hard-right Hard Brexit mob Boris Johnson represents 
Willetts proposals today on new deal for young & old v important. But Brexit means they will get nowhere. House of Lords spending 10 hours today debating Brexit - after 3 days doing so last week. Brexit sucking oxygen out of Parliament & Govt for anything else 
Comes to something when the female politician rising to the needs of the hour on Brexit is not the PM but a Lab backbencher instead. Come on Mrs May, show some leadership...  
Theresa May's cabinet in chaos as Boris Johnson calls her Brexit plans 'crazy'  
Big test for Labour in the Lords today. Do they continue their strategy of being Tory enablers of an extreme Brexit or will they show some guts for once and support an amendment on single market membership and bring it back to the @HouseofCommons to decide 
A good time for Labour to become the party of ProSingleMarket, ProCustoms Union...ProRemain. Brexit is an unworkable mess. If Labour don't oppose it...they become complicit in the damage it will cause. Let the Tories own it. #PeoplesVote 
So, when is the electrifying speech from Mrs May showing leadership on Brexit and warning pro-EU Tory MPs, Lab MPs in Leave areas and the Lords not to defy the will of the people? Because that is what the current situation calls for. 
Brexit won’t work. In a few years’ time, it won’t have any supporters. Our challenge is to get the message across in time to stop the damage being done. We can’t pass this poisonous legacy to our children. #peoplesvote #fbpe 
I continue to be amazed that so many people I considered to be intelligent, to have a brain, are mouthing the phrase “when we leave the EU” and thereby helping to cement the inevitability of the Brexit catastrophe. The new phrase must be “when Brexit collapses”. Say after me...  
Peers set to remove Brexit date from Withdrawal Bill in fresh blow for Theresa MayThe move would be a major blow for the PM, after she insisted that 29 March 2019 be included on the face of the legislation as it was considered by MPs.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Brexit deal will be a mess. In the end its cheerleaders will abandon it | Rafael Behr  
Well over 17,4 million people want to hear more from him, and less from remoaners like you. Tories were given our votes to ensure #brexit, we can soon take it back again. Now do your job, support the government for a full #brexit and stop putting UK on its knees!  
Brexit has thousands of political parents. It will be an orphan before long.  
This is what it is all about, my family also fought for peace in Europe and now their sons and daughters cast it away without a thought. Shameful#StopBrexitMichael Morpurgo: My family fought for peace, not for Brexit 
Why does Boris Johnson need to go all the way to Washington to undermine Mrs May & brief Daily Mail on why we need hardest possible Brexit enabling him to become next Tory leader? 
Brexit will fail simply because it’s cheerleaders have utterly failed to deliver it. But they will spend the next 20 years espousing how their version of Brexit would some how have been better.  
I’m in Milton Keynes tomorrow on my Brexit listening tour - Milton Keynes College at 2pm, Cornerstone Church at 7pm. Do come! No need to book.  
Theresa May facing renewed turmoil over Brexit options  FFS just abandon Brexit.  The UK has had enough of Brexit,  #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Too true! #Brexit  
I don't respect the result of the referendumDemocracy didn't stop in June 2016 - voters are changing their mindsReferendum was advisoryVote Leave/BeLeave broke spending limitsVoters were manipulated by Cambridge Analytica  
BBC News - Boris Johnson: No 10's post-Brexit customs plans 'crazy'. For once he is right. Let's just ask people if they would prefer to stay on in the EU and abandon this costly #Brexit folly - #PeoplesVote. 
Insightful column in FT by Norman Blackwell, Chair of Lloyds Group, on Brexit ... and the case for rational optimism.  
Britain's £3 billion 'sat nav' system to rival EU's after Brexit.  
#Remainer dog is freaking out, while #Brexit cat is happy with his voting decision 
Brexit is NOT the will of the people  - -  
Labour must end its ambiguity over Brexit and commit to policies that match its valuesThe benefits of a customs union are clear, says @ChukaUmunna.@UKLabour should commit to a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Senior EU sources fear a looming Brexit crisis via @RTENewsNow  
The ERG stinks from its name onwards. 0 to do wt research! Millionaires stealing taxpayer£s to force PM into a hard Brexit+dupe the ppl that job losses+economic meltdown isn't happening. Mogg's the no1 snout to the trough. ERG=lobby group to hurt us.  Are you ok wt this #Corbyn? 
Trump’s a lying imbecile, Brexit is a fucking dumb idea, nationalism is retrogressive, guns are for cowards, Jesus wasn’t magic, there is no God, knowledge is power, art is freedom, free will is an illusion, music is love, apes are awesome, cheese > chocolate. I can prove it all. 
ANDREW PIERCE: House of Lords shake-up threat after Brexit sabotage  via @MailOnline 
Brexit: Loss of EHIC 'to stop thousands of Britons with long-term illnesses taking holidays abroad'.Let’s #StopBrexit and keep our right to healthcare across Europe. #FBPE. 
Meanwhile, #Putin's winning. Oil prices up, Navalny down, #Brexit a disaster, Assad stable, sanctions limp...and in Germany, a 5th column.   
Boris Johnson: No 10's post-Brexit customs plans 'crazy' - This divided, squabbling,  fractious Brexit excuse for a government will ruin our country. Time to call a halt. Time for a #PeoplesVote  
All First Nations rights holders must demand that their Chiefs hold a referendum to choose who they want for AFN National Chief.  
Boris Johnson: No 10's post-Brexit customs plans 'crazy'  
#quote "Saying that you respect the result of the referendum + then going on to sabotage it, is not the way to endear any party to anyone." Not just Labour - politicians in both houses claim they "respect the result" then prove otherwise by words + votes. 
'Prime Minister what is the naughtiest thing you have ever done?''I ran through some wheat fields''So not your extreme damaging Brexit to keep yourself in No 10, or your hostile environment & deporting UK citizens, or slashing police numbers causing the murder rate to soar?' 
1) As ballot boxes were sent from Assam, it was already filled with pro paki false votes.2) Muslim League campaigned rigorously and threatened Hindu's that they are sure Sylhet will go to Pak & they will take revenge post referendum if Hindus went out to vote.3) Many wanted + 
Hope someday we'll see a movie on referendum of Sylhet & role played by Veer Jawahar & Lokapriya Bordoloi. Ballot boxes filled with Pro Paki votes,boatmen collided with ML & didn't ferry people to polling booths, referendum was held during peak monsoon & Kuli's were defranchised. 
This is the very last chance for the Labour leadership to prove they're truly offering @ least a chance to mitigate the damage #Brexit will do, as opposed to once more aiding & abetting the Tories. Of course were they democrats they'd offer the Ppl a #FinalSay & a #Remain option. 
I’m on a sanctimony tour of the 100 areas with the strongest leave votes, because simple working class plebs don’t really want Brexit, they are just a bit tetchy and need me to translate their inchoate yearnings into policy solutions which conveniently match my own preferences.  
Macron ’ENRAGED’ as English set to be MAIN language in EU after Brexit  
With strong competition from #BREXIT champion Jacob Rees-Mogg, Boris Johnson ups his game and savages .@theresa_may's feeble #CustomsUnion planTime for clean #BREXIT in line with #British people's #democratic vote #BREXIT = #FREEDOM@MailOnline 
"I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently" #PrincipledRemainers 
@jack_p Hey, I was wondering if you could just remind your Irish fans to make sure they're registered for the referendum this year. I don't care what stance they have, I just want them to remember to register and vote because it's a big thing over here 
It's this sort of arrogant 'We know best' attitude that drove people to vote Brexit in the first place.As for standing with the Tories & UKIP, remind me, who voted for the Tories hostile environment legislation? The Blairites or Corbyn, McDonnell and Abbott?  
We have become a World laughing stock....a joke. Brexit is like the biggest fail ever and it was SO easy. Hand in Articles 50 stop paying our club money..sit back and wait for the blighters to ask for a deal..UK instead..begging for a good deal..pathetic #enoughbrexitBS 
Brexit: where the fudge goes to die - no amount of ducking and diving, palace coups and parliamentary plotting is going to change the EU's determination to see the Irish question settled...  #Brexinfo. 
"The ballot paper just said LEAVE. We don't care how"If Brexit goes ahead, how it is done will determine how this country does for a generation.If you genuinely don't care about whether Brexit leaves this country better or worse, you are no friend to the UK. 
Tomorrow is the final day of this long process in fighting for our schools. It’s simply not enough to just support the referendum on Twitter - take action... VOTE! Polls are open from 6 AM to 6 PM tomorrow, we hope to see you at any of these locations with a photo ID!  
Mandatory Solar on new homes Goes To referendum vote in California. By the way I confidently predict solar install costs in California will plummet close to Australian levels if this measure is implemented:   
I hear Brexit will also curdle milk.  
Johnson stirs Brexit battle with salvo against customs partnership  
This is what Brexit has unleashed. No question. #HateSpeech #hatecrimes 
Great careers end in tragedy but mediocrity posing as greatness ends in dust. Brexit will define so many and only future generations will know the certainty of what was done. 
‘The cuts mean that while Mr Fox has already hired up to 800 staff to negotiate trade deals after Brexit, his department is simultaneously cutting officials who work on the ground helping British companies sell their products in emerging markets.’Laugh? Cry? Scream?  
My beautiful Mam and her boyfriend who are both proudly pro choice, I’m so proud. She’s swayed so many opinions on this referendum by having conversations w friends and co workers. My hero   
Brexit is dead on its feet being propped up by @jeremycorbyn and @theresa_may 
these lads trying to launch a Christian dating site of the back of this referendum.#repealthe8th #8thref 
The UK government has "killed the goose that laid the golden egg" with Brexit.#FBPE 
Labour MP launches bid for new EU referendum as Corbyn faces pressure over Brexit policy - The Independent  
When Corbyn calls for Article 50 before any other leader of a party,when he whips his MPs to push through a hard Brexit, when he galvanises millions of young people but implements purposeful ambiguity over Brexit,then he is as responsible as the PM for the devastation it brings.  
Strong & Stable update.If Theresa May cannot sack Boris Johnson for openly rubbishing her in the pages of the Daily Mail, she loses any claim to being in charge of this chaotic, #Brexit-drunk government.  
If you Google '#Brexit benefits' how come you just get some forlorn right wing newspaper articles from 2017 about wooly nothingness. Surely, if it was such a good idea, the #Leave camp would have the media littered with multitudes of benefits by now......unless there aren't any? 
I ran into Peston at a David Cameron event in London a month before the Brexit referendum. Was making a Tv3 doc. Tried to engage him in the subject of the Irish border. He was polite but dismissive - didn’t see it as an issue at all. Totally disinterested.  
This is an incredible story. Never seen anything capture the truly performance art level stupidity of Brexit as this. The UK's contribution to the EU's GPS system, Galileo, has been fundamental. Now we will flounce off and spend another £3bn on our own  
Boris Johnson savages Downing Street’s post-Brexit trade plans  
UK taxpayers would have been handing up to £22 billion a year to the European Commission in the 2020s if Britain had voted to Remain  #Brexit 
What ambiguity? Corbyn's Labour is 100% pro-Brexit. 100% supporting the Tories' Brexit.  
…who has been held in Alcalà-Meco jail near Madrid, 700 km from her home, since March 23, 2018 AWAITING TRIAL for charges of REBELLION because the Catalan Government fulfilled its political mandate to HOLD A REFERENDUM on independence on October 1st, 2017… 
By profiting from #brexit while the rest of us suffer,John Redwood is no better than a WW2 black marketeer.He knows it will be a disaster but, being a nasty little spiv, he'll pocket the dosh ! 
Can I suggest you look up article 11 of the Human Rights Act which allows us the legal democratic right to campaign against brexit? 
Reasons for 2nd independence referendum.1. Hard Brexit2. Clause 11 stands3. Ignoring legislative consent for EU withdrawl bill4. Regulations imposed on farming/fishing5. Scottish product have 'Made in the UK' plastered all over6. Another Tory governmentTake yer pick 
Whipping the EEA vote makes 'Jobs First Brexit' a nonsense. We can't see the economy die in a ditch for greater state aid to industry. We can't watch our industries wither so we can rescue them. We can't see them rescued to see the EU to block exports. 
For those still unsure, watch this. Im baffled at how many people dont know the simple facts about the upcoming referendum! People who believe the vote no campaign, because a poster told them so, do your own research! Please get informed, for a safer Ireland #repealthe8th 
Such respect and love to you @spaceangel1964 , our voices and anger must and will be heard and felt. #Brexit is madness-it can and must be stopped. Take care.  
This is the 'negotiating strategy' the Lords, Labour, LibDems and Tory Remainiacs want the Govt to adopt. Who would bet even a penny that this will work in Britain's favour?#Brexit  
The Wild West of the internet leaves Irish voters exposed and unprotected by this government. This is not how to run a referendum campaign. Action is urgently needed. The time for an Electoral Commission is long overdue  
Here’s a thought. Corbyn will get no votes from disaffected Tories while he backs BrexIt. He will get them when he disowns Brexit. 
If you are an Irish citizen, tomorrow is the deadline to register to vote in the national referendum on 25th May.  This is the form; print it, take it with ID to your local Gardaí, and bring it to your council.     
BFE: With the #PeoplesVote Campaign Crowdfunder currently standing at a huge £102,596.50 - we think it's safe to say there's a GROWING demand for a People's Vote on the final Brexit Deal! Listen to our interview with the team here! Sign up!   
Petition to have a referendum to abolish the House of Lords has now hit 152,000. Each signature sends a powerful message to the Government. Join us. Sign the petition. 
Claims that Sturgeon is 'isolated' over Brexit deal exposed as nonsense by @ScotNational 's exclusive front page splash  tomorrow 
New public petition. Please support it. Retweet, share on Facebook as widely as possible. #StopBrexit #FBPE“If no agreement on the Ireland Border can be reached, Brexit must be abandoned.” 
I’ve an increasing sense Brexit may just collapse this summer. Its own stupidity is now weighing heavily upon it...  
We need to talk about where Brexit funder Arron Banks gets his money | openDemocracy  
If this is the true face of Brexit Britain I want NOTHING to do with it. Brexit has unleashed a fervour that is frightening and unfiltered. It can’t be ignored. But we can fight it. Let them have freedom of speech so their true agenda is very clear #StopBrexitSaveBritain   
Twins separated at birth?#Brexit  
Because he doesn’t think I understand what a referendum is or what a constitution is or the implications of right to life for both mother and her unborn child within a constitution. In fact he thinks I’m stupid. So I shrug and just encourage Irish people to #VoteNoToAbortion 
Nicola Jennings on Theresa May's Brexit options – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Just listen to the People’s Chancellor @johnmcdonnellMP absolutely nails Brexit “traditional British compromise respect the vote but stay close to the customs union and the single market”   
If the details of #Brexit had been agreed, we’d have voted on those details in the #EUReferendum on 23 June 2016. But we didn’t have any details then. When we have the details, we need a new vote. The #PeoplesVote. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s commentary. Link:  
Brexit is a "catastrophe," according to billionaire investor Naguib Sawiris  
Jaguar Land Rover to cut 1,000 jobs after 'slump due to #Brexit' Yeah but at least we have got our country back innit and we can make laws innit  
...and here's the piece. The Great Brexit Robbery. That prompted the first letter from Squire, Patton & Boggs. You may have heard of them? From when the FBI bust into their New York offices to raid their associate, Michael Cohen... 
It’s a taboo topic. But nevertheless Brexit is linked to ignorance and gullibility. Come on Britain, you are better than that. #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The Liam Fox Brexit Menu#ThingsThatTasteOfBrexit 
Theresa May facing renewed turmoil over Brexit options  
Brexit irony at its best. Department of International Trade to cut jobs of civil servants helping Uk exporters on the ground *now*, to pay for new officials to negotiate possible new trade deals sometime in the indefinite future...  
The country is behind Brexit and wants Theresa May to get on with delivering it  
Global Britain? Department for International Trade is cutting hundreds of trade promotion jobs because it doesn’t have enough money to keep them *and* hire post-Brexit trade negotiators.Interesting FT splash.  
This from the deputy political editor of The Sun.Is it time for me to start singing, “ding, dong Brexit’s dead” yet?  
Yet the charity commission apparently told charities they could not campaign to tell voters the consequence to them of Brexit.Here is one storming story from a warrior, no matter how ill.Chapeau @spaceangel1964 Admiration and love too. 
FINANCIAL TIMES: Trade jobs axe tests claims of ‘global Britain after Brexit’ #tomorrowspaperstoday 
BREAKING: Gov. Abbott approves unanimous request by Harris County Commissioners Court to hold an emergency special election for a bond referendum for resilience on Saturday, August 25th.  
Not sure people realise how often crucial health legislation - on MHAct, opioids, CAMHS, internet safety - is sidelined because civil service & parliamentary time is taken up entirely by #Brexit. 
Corbyn's desire for Brexit at any cost is a danger to the UK.If he won't resign, he'll have to be pushed.But who has the weight and authority to play kingslayer?Keir Starmer?Emily Thornberry? Sadiq Khan?#BinCorbynBinBrexit 
1/ Brexit and the great free trade agreement farce 
The loss of the EHIC following Brexit could stop Brits with long term illnesses going abroad. @clivebull asks: Should we keep a reciprocal healthcare deal with the EU? 
Anybody heard of a #brexit benefit yet? I may be a bit premature seeing as it's only 682 days since the #EURef but you live in hope. Anybody?#StopBrexit #Brexitshambles 
TODAY'S DEBATE: Is Brexit important to men? 
Public Image Of The EU Before & After Brexit Referendum By EU Country -  
"Referendum 'the only way' to solve Australia's citizenship crisis" - Liberal senator Linda Reynolds  Howz about you just do some homework and take your bloody job application seriously? FFS! These politicians are so bloody entitled. 
"Sourced from across the state" will get a Politifact rating of MOSTLY FALSE. Nearly all the subcontractors for these temporary jobs are from the southeast corner of WI.If you live in northern WI keep that in mind when your kid's school needs a referendum for a new roof.  
Just watch this- both Preston & ReesMogg like bulls in a china shop-1 of the most powerful empires that the world has ever seen ‘undermined’ by its small island neighbour. #Brexit is becoming pathological  
Dear Labour Remainers, don't take anything for granted. Make your message to Labour MPs and the party leadership loud and clear that you want the UK to stay in the EU. You are now the ones who to all intents & purposes have the power over whether #Brexit happens.#StopBrexit 
Rants is muting Remoaners at an alarming rate tonight. It actually feels good, to remove those crying windbags from my online life.Anyone still crying over #Brexit after 2 years is really not worthy of an adults time. 
Mrs. PM of #Scotland @NicolaSturgeon! After the stupid #brexit of Britain, approved by mrs. @theresa_may, when do you plan to break free from the chains of England and return to the union, and start new in the Nordic Council, as an independent state? Referendum soon! #Catalonia 
Is it just me or does Brexit sound like a kind of breakfast cereal?  
An electronic border is so easy every country in the world is pursuing the idea..... but decided it was:Overly expensiveHad to be pan market or globalA dream come true for drug LordsCriminals would really like itWho pays?Doesn't result in savingsNo time benefits#FBPE 
Dear @UKLabour & @Conservatives Rebels,The Tory leadership has its fingerprints on every part of Brexit (calling the referendum, the debate, the negotiations)If you support Brexit you'll be blamed too. If you let us vote our way out of it you'll rule the next era of UK politics 
#ThingsThatTasteOfBrexitDuck a l'orange made with bistro granules & orange squashVesta curryTinned fruit with evaporated milkYep. Brexit tastes like the late 60s 
Antisemitism? Brexit?! I’m not taking any lessons in winning elections from someone who masterminded three general election victories.  
It seems to be a universal rule that whenever a Brexiteer starts talking about democracy, they immediately show they don't understand how ours works.There was a non-binding, advisory referendum that was not about the Single Market, as can clearly be seen on the ballot paper.  
I agree with Morgan about the ERG but I'm so tired of so-called Remainers saying they respect the result of the referendum & that we have to make the best of Brexit. NO WE DON'T! 
BREXIT: Tory Brexiteers 'like toddlers stamping their feet', says Conservative ex-cabinet minister /#EU #Brexit  
"If Brexit Britain does not have an accurate view of its own new and more limited place in the world, it will be very difficult to for it to be taken seriously as a partner."  
Caller: "Jeremy Corbyn has betrayed the Labour vote regarding Brexit." Is Britain's working class abandoning Labour? Watch again ▼@georgegalloway |  
Leaving the Customs Union was discussed during the EU Referendum campaign. It was always a part of Brexit.  
Labour MP launches bid for new EU referendum as Corbyn faces pressure over Brexit policy Talk of a #PeoplesVote is starting to become commonplace in Westminster. It's time! 
Really?I know tons of black people, many of whom supported Brexit. Not one of them have said they have been subjected to any kind of racism since the Referendum vote.He was a Remain campaigner during the Referendum. Could it be possible he is being dishonest? #Bullshitter 
Note to Western journalists: not every election in the Middle East is a referendum on the country's relationship with Iran. Lebanese and Iraqis are in fact human beings, and they care about 1 or 2 things besides their position in the Great Game America thinks everyone is playing  
The Nicky Morgan who today likened Brexit supporters to toddlers who stamp their feet when they don’t get their way. Is this same Nicky Morgan who is constantly opposing Govt’s position (from manifesto on which she stood) because she disapproves? Or are there two Nicky Morgans? 
In G. Elections, we all live with the consequences of the next 5 years. Brexit isn't like that. Everyone's vote is equal, but we must look forwardImagine a vote that wouldn't take effect for 40 yrs, where the over 60's outvoted the rest. Would you call that effective democracy?  
The EU nations are racking up deals left and right, and are fast approaching saturation.The UK wants to dump all of these favourable ties with the entire world to start over again with nothing but a begging bowl.Global Britain after #Brexit.   
Disturbing that your complaint isn’t that the BBC are legitimising a far right extremist site, but that your European blog hobby wasn’t included. Your priorities are exactly why Brexit happened.  
Zinchenko knocking a trophy over isn't the Brexit Britain Darren was promised.  
Tomorrow is the final day for people to register to vote in the upcoming referendum on the Eighth Amendment  
When studying our island's history, it appears the English (at least) often let problems escalate until acting to resolve a situation. It was almost inevitable, therefore, that we let the EU get too powerful before forcing a Referendum. We acted. Now, the Tory Govt must deliver. 
.@manuel_tssa calls on Labour to fight against Tory Brexit >  
By signaling that he believes that torture is getting "tough on terror" and that's why he nominated Haspel, he is making her hearing and confirmation a referendum on a dark chapter in our history that should be over. .  
It is ironic that Leavers believing #Brexit is about sovereignty, are supporting the project of a super-rich elite & their political stooges whose aim is to reduce the nation-state to a shell, leaving us in the hands of a global plutocratic kleptocracy.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Martin Schulz - "I refuse to imagine a Europe where lorries and hedge funds are free to cross borders but citizens cannot"Corbyn - "Free movement of people will end after Brexit"#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
For the Tory Brextremists the end of the #NHS is a #Brexit dividend, with huge profits to be made in a privatised health sector, and far lower health expenses as a percentage of income for the very rich. John Major was clear about the threat:#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
It's  time for Labour MP's to follow their leader's example.Refuse the whip.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
This adds to the suspicion that May is selling out on brexit. She seems to be on same side as Brussels, negotiating against her own MPs and manifesto commitment.  
What a stunning start to our campaign with @Labour4EU! New supporters from @RushcliffeLab @Island_Labour @GuildfordLabour @BirkoLabour to name just a few. Please sign up and join them! Together, Labour can stand against #Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote  
When Brexit has been defeated, some of those who did most to stop it should be considered heroes. Here is an outstanding candidate for a gong of the highest order...  
DUP’s disregard for economic impact of Brexit ‘jaw-dropping’ – O’Neill  @moneillsf 
Good initiative. I wonder if Brexit had anything to do with it. I don't mean that in a provocative manner. I do think that the EU will reform and move from strength to strength, also thanks to Brexit. We must #Remain and reform. 
Ignore the scaremongering - Britain’s ports can thrive after Brexit, says UK ports boss Tim Morris  
UK and EU #Brexit negotiating teams jointly publish the list of outstanding issues still to be resolved on the Future Framework They'd have to tick off more than one per week to be ready on time!The long list of complex issues can be seen here  
Is it called a Brexit 'war cabinet' because the members seem to be fighting each other?  
That MP being SNP MP Mhairi Black of course. You guys just keep doing the Nationalists bidding for them and it damages Scotland. Your hard Brexit and playing the SNP game merely brings another Indy Ref closure and you are to blame. Party before country is your motto of course.  
‘If Labour whips against every single one of this government’s future Brexit votes in the Commons and the Lords, this wretched government will be brought down.’ @jeremycorbyn should read this by @manuel_tssa  And act on it.  
Britain to build a British satellite-navigation system after EU uses bully-boy tactics to exclude us from the Galileo network due to #Brexit.British companies handle ~80% of Galileo's high-tech security infrastructure.Which of the two do you think will succeed and excel?  
IRELAND: it’s time to make some noise and make sure every last human being i can possibly reach is doing all they can / is informed about the referendum. what’s the best link/resource to share far & one as the day is drawing near? tell me please. #Repealthe8th 
Right @willie_rennie please explain why....EUROPEAN REFERENDUM = GOODSCOTTISH  REFERENDUM = BADSo come along Willie use one of your many faces & give the good people of Scotland an answer.  
Brexit is pushing talk of a united Ireland back on the agenda  
I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently, says @David_Goodhart 
The betrayal of Brexit has completely shifted my view on Scottish independence. I now share the nationalists’ anger at the disregard of both Westminster parties for the best interest of its citizens. 
As usual McDonnell spouting his usual rubbish. His basic message was if Labour were handling the Brexit negotiations the EU would capitulate on everything & all would be fine..are people really stupid enough to be taken in by a Marxist who despises everything the West stands for. 
Seriously: if you believe there is some sort of equivalence between Brexit and fighting WW2 you are an idiot.  
Shame Redwood bottled it then eh? There was Femi, open to attack from a Brexit fanatic, & Redwood went for the hills. Great fun. 
More than 40 Labour peers could defy Jeremy Corbyn tomorrow and vote for the pro-EEA amendment keeping the UK in the EU single market.Brexit rebel Labour MP Chuka Umunna has called on his party's peers to back the amendment and defy Corbyn's instructions to vote against it. 
This was one of the questions from @StocktonSthLab @PaulWilliamsMP : Brexit loss of EHIC 'to stop thousands of Britons with long-term illnesses taking holidays abroad'  
How can ANY of our politicians even debate with the EU mobsters? Just walk away and hoe a Hard Brexit now!  
An expert says sensible things about #Brexit...Predictably, most of the comments are from bloody fools. 
It’s taken eighteen months but The Times finally found a way to blame #Corbyn for #Brexit. Next week:  Exclusive: How Corbyn broke up The Beatles.  
The #Leave camp garnered 37% of the electorates vote in the referendum. Sensing a hard sell in the HoC, May called a general election on a #Brexit ticket. The country replied by removing her majority. How on earth is #Brexit therefore still called the will of the people. 
ICYMI - @ProfTomkins on how we will never allow the nationalists to use Brexit as an excuse for breaking up Britain. 
1. People don't elect MP's for them to be silent2. No matter what we may think of JRM. On brexit, he & his group are far more in line with the vast majority of our members & voters than MPs trying to  /disrupt the process of leaving  
I imagine David Davis today slumbering in a large garden, wearing a pair of budgie smugglers, an empty champagne bottle by his side.  His most positive contribution to the Brexit fiasco to date. 
Hard Brexit Boris and ex-forces Trump. Two fellas who love dishing up wallops. Good luck to them.  
Farmers want Brexit! Leaving the Common Agricultural Policy is a unique chance to rejuvenate our wonderful countryside! 
If this was anti- #brexit, it'd be all over @BBCnews @Skynews but you won't hear a whisper about it. Fight back and sign it! Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
People that are still undecided about whether Brexit is a good idea, here are some of the key people that think it is.Are you REALLY still undecided?#StopBrexit please#ABTV#FBPE 
One Tory source: "Boris is completely fed up. He thinks he is the only one pushing Brexit now." 
#EU membership NOW £22 Billion!Gisela Stuart:“These figures lay bare eye-watering sums of money UK taxpayers would hand over to Brussels had we voted to stay in EU"Outside EU we stop sending Billions to EU & instead spend it on UK priorities.#Brexit 
Your daily reminder that the reason why Corbyn and McDonnell want Brexit at any cost is because they're desperate to introduce Tony Benn's "Alternative Economic Strategy" from the 1970s.#FBPE 
Slide into our DMs with your #OneThing and ensure your voice is heard.  #Brexit #SlipperySlope #OneThing #RudAmháin 
Veteran Journalist, Bruce Arnold just telephoned me to tell me that he considers this as "probably the most important article (he) has ever written". Please read it, whatever side of the Irish referendum debate you're on:   
It’s really simple, we voted to: leave the EU and take back our sovereignty & democracy, control our own immigration policy, trade policy, defence policy, agriculture policy, fishing policy, environmental policy, defence policy and foreign affairs.SIMPLES#brexit #FBPE 
All these FBPE fanatics are quickly turning people off the Remain cause by shoehorning Brexit into every political discourse. It's tiring.  
Standard Brexiter duffer interview....‘I think (insert Brexit )’‘I believe (insert anti-EU sloganeering and denial of international law)’‘Everyone else is playing politics - how v dare they’ Repeat forever. 
#GinaHaspel's nomination is  as much a referendum on the absence of meaningful accountability for CIA #torture as it is on her specific role in the agency's post-9/11 abuses, by @steve_vladeck 
Brexit loss of EHIC 'to stop thousands of Britons with long-term illnesses taking holidays abroad'  
Yet the Referendum was not even a GE. It was like an opinion poll. Nearly 2 years ago. #Brexit is not a done deal until we all have a good look at what’s on offer. I wouldn’t buy/rent the 1st house I see if looking for a home. My list would ask:1/can I afford it? #Brexit cost 
Spoke to an EU diplomat the other day who said they're waiting for May to make a move and face down the ERG. They also said her time to do so is running short. Brussels isn't Brexit obsessed by any means, but make no mistake this internal British soap opera is being watched.  
Tomorrow is the last day on which you can register to vote in the upcoming referendum. Here is a link to the form which must be printed out and submitted to your local county council office. #AbortionNever, #8thref, Don't #repealthe8th, #savethe8th 
I’m sorry, but I find this shocking.The likes of John Redwood are about to financially cripple the people of the UK & eventually rob them of their EU citizens’ rights.It is not acceptable for him to be invited on to waffle Brexit lies & platitudes & not debate @Femi_Sorry . 
The government pushes on with Brexit, not because they have the interests of we plebs at heart. It's all about more money and power for them! #StopBrexitSaveOurNHS #StopBrexitProtectOurRights #StopBrexitSaveBritain #RIGHTWINGCOUP (As for @jeremycorbyn it's just ideological) 
The Govt should require ALL persons in public service or employment to sign allegiance to Britain, rather than to any foreign power or institution.The EU does this, which is why we have so many pro-EU obsessives working to sabotage #Brexit. Time to get our own act together?  
We had an uninformed referendum with no agreed plan, allowing millions of votes to go to Leave from people who believed/wanted to be in the Single Market. If Leave can't win an informed ref on the final deal with voters knowing what Brexit means we should NOT leave. #Shameful 
Let’s change our profile picsWhat are the McGuinness Principles?        A Bill of Rights.       Full statutory equality for Irish Language.       Funding for legacy inquests as part of the process of healing & reconciliation.A referendum on Irish unity in keeping with GFA  
Nearly, yes, for too long, the Party has appeased Brexiteer obsessives. It’s time for Pro-EU Tories to fight back, grab the opportunity and kick #Brexit into the long grass.  
LETS BE CLEAR-Something for our brexit supporting visitors to think about.THANKS TO Becky Gilbert:10 simple questions.If we don’t find answers for these, Brexit will fail, even on it’s own terms.Why is nobody from the Leave campaign asking these? 
Letter to my MP, Keith Simpson MP (Broadland). I’ve been trying to get a response from him on Brexit for several months, but he hasn’t been replying. @Femi_Sorry @mikegalsworthy 
Imagine the waste and corruption that’d suddenly come to light if a sane anti Brexit administration took power in this country tomorrow. 
#JacobReesMogg: The advantages of #Brexit for the least well off must be preserved!  #Mogg4PM #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives @theresa_may #UK #Tories #MPs #PM #LabourParty #Momentum @jeremycorbyn @UKLabour @theresa_may 
Insurance companies are moving their Euopean business out of the UK. Many businesses in the financial sector will follow suit meaning lost export revenuers for UK plc. Brexit is utter madness and must be stopped. It is damaging Britain and our pace in the world. #StopBrexit 
EU defenses post-Brexit starting to take shape  
I've said before #Brexit is basically a licence for the political class to fantasise and here's the left's version  
Recent Lords amendments if included in the exit bill means Parliament will give up #Brexit to stay in the EU if the EU does not give us an acceptable deal. Give us one reason, ONE reason, why after this the EU would give Britain any acceptable deal that allows us to leave?  
Join me in supporting the Tell Labour what you think on Brexit Campaign . It’s easy to send an email to The Labour Lords from this link. #SingleMarket #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
A little bank holiday reading. Be alarmed and join the fight for @peoplesvote. It’s all about your future standard of living. We can stop Brexit, there is still time, but you need to help us #exitbrexit #WATON @OFOCBrexit @GuitarMoog 
The Conservative vote flatlined in pro-Remain areas but surged by nearly 10 pts where Leave was strong - @whatukthinks Curtice: "[T]he [Conservative] party thus has an electoral incentive to deliver a Brexit that meets the aspirations of Leave voters" 
Reminder that even Brexit's "chief economist" (if you can stop laughing long enough to read this) predicts Brexit will destroy UK manufacturing. Yay Brexit...  
Summary:1. My family fought in WW1 for Our Peace.2. Not for Brexit.3. Admittedly, Our EU didn't exist 100 years ago.4. But I had a sort of funny vision last night that told me my ancestors would have loved Our EU.5. Just like I do.6. Talk about spooky!7. That's all, folks!  
To all the 'Labour should stop brexit' people out there.....Tell me how they can do it when they can't outvote the Tories on anything even if all the other parties join in.Tell me where it says anywhere in the Labour manifesto that they will stop brexitAnd waits.......... 
How EU FAILED British farming: Brexit is ‘once-in-a-lifetime chance’ to save country  
Delighted to announce the brand new edition of Brexit & Ireland, out now. Brings the torrid tale right up to date (to the first draft of the Withdrawal Treaty). Covers the intrigue behind the Irish Protocol, how the Irish “backstop” was negotiated, and all that stuff. pic.twitter.com/3LTxpUTFEU 
Mr. president @EmmanuelMacron of #France! Have you discussed about the planned referendum of New-Caledonia,which you support, with PM of #Spain @marianorajoy! Tell him that #Catalonia must be allowed to vote freely and political prisoners must freed. Now! 
“The single most important Brexit priority.. to protect frictionless trade with the EU”WRONG!The single most important #Brexit priority is to free Britain to open up to global trade,with new opportunities for Britain's industry and customers,more jobs and cheaper goods.  
Let's be clear there was no prosperity after the First World War only hunger and filth. Moreover, prosperity only came to Britain when a Labour govt was elected in 1945. So there is no peace when there is unmitigated capitalism.   #Brexit 
New Hopping Mad: Nathan Tankus on defending #JobGuarantee; British/Scottish Brexit fight in court; norms crumble; more on framing #MMT & job guarantee#LearnMMT @nathantankus @NetrootsRadio @RealProgressives @joefirestonephd @KagroX 
The is a distinct correlation between those who say there is no solution and those who don't want a solution.#Brexit 
Five reasons Brexit matters for food and public health. New article by Tim Lang and Martin McKee:  1. Food security 2. migrant labour in UK food system 3. food prices. 4. logistics 5. N Ireland 
The way Brexit has been done is RUDE. It’s a sustained abuse of process. No more, no less. And when you speak against that you are called Stupid or rude or a pedant or a vandal to democracy. Those are absurd charges to put. And NOT true. 
Important advice to #Labour on opposing #Brexit from Trade Union Leader @manuel_tssa 
This was the 2017 Tory manifesto a year after the EU ref when they didn't win a majority... The Tory manifesto that helped elect a majority government and gave us a referendum promised to "Safeguard British Interest in the Single Market"... Jacob lies about & twists everything.  
Brexit cannot be delivered as promised.Our best response.Cancel it. Engage 100% with other members, then work to reform the European Union.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Thanks for stepping up to the plate @jbasekellyOur aim as members is to change our Party position to represent the views of the vast majority of Labour people, to stand against Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote @Remain_Labour 
‘The time for abstaining is over.’ Manuel Cortes on Labour & Brexit  
Dear Labour Remainers. Everything on #Brexit now rests on Labour. If it turns against Brexit there is a good chance of stopping it, otherwise it will go through. It is now up to you to press as hard as possible to ensure that Labour works to #StopBrexit.#PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
I keep seeing supporters of @jeremycorbyn saying that #FBPE is anti Corbyn and anti @UKLabour. If Labour support a #PeoplesVote which anti Brexit Party would you vote for? 
Why on earth would we want a different deal when we already have the best one available ?..It's just the greedy rich Tories wanting Brexit !! In the meantime the country goes to rack and ruin for the rest of us !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
The best way of getting rid of the Tories is to get rid of Brexit as fast as possible, it would utterly shatter a Tory party that has staked everything on Brexit. It would be defeated, broken and ripped apart by bitter internal conflicts.#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
John Redwood:#EU is playing politics with Rep of Ireland.No need to impose big physical barriers on Irish border.EU are behaving in a rather sad way & not producing anything constructive.Every time UK makes a serious proposal they dismiss it.#Brexit 
If Brexit is to be stopped, then it requires action by @UKLabour.  I’m glad to be one of the members stepping up to the plate by supporting this campaign by @Remain_Labour and @Labour4EU calling for a #PeoplesVote 
This from the @ftbrussels briefing - total disarray on Customs Union, Smogg still wanging on about Project Fear cos that is *all* he’s got and the NI border as intractable and divisive as ever. Stubborn, ignorant, unworkable Brexit.  
The Catholic church literally dumped babies in septic tanks and covered it up, yet they’re still acting morally superior on this referendum.  
A constitutional referendum to delegitimize the constitution. 
Sheldon's Sleepy Song Soft Brexit,Hard Brexit,Boris is a prick.Racist Brexit,Stupid Brexit,Thick, thick, thick. 
Wanted to take part in @kayeadams show this morning on @BBCRadioScot to put this point across. If you buy a car & were lied to about it's performance & reliability,Then you would take it back & ask for another. Same with voting. We were lied to in 2014 & on #Brexit. No difference 
Brexit. If we opt for NO DEAL and the EU carry out their threat to eject countries like Poland and Hungary, then we have the beginnings of a worthwhile alternative to the EU trading block. If UK is not talking to individual members then we should be, rules or no rules. 
The battle for Brexit is seeing the Great British Public take on the establishment. We will NOT let them ignore our voice! 
How Brexit are you on a scale from "bit UKIPPY" to "I don't care if Christ is risen again, he needs to be fucking passport checked like the rest of us". pic.twitter.com/kGQdbHTnFq 
If @jeremycorbyn  does not back our supporters, I predict this issue will tear the @UKLabour apart over the next year. The members and supporters do not want #Brexit.  
Labour must be bold and restate the case for Britain to remain in the EU -  and become the "anti-Brexit as well as anti-austerity party"@manuel_tssa blogs 
“The time for abstaining or ambiguity on #Brexit has passed”. Spot on from union leader @Manuel_TSSA on tomorrow’s vital Lords vote.   
#ABTV had an effectAnti brexit parties got the highest proportional increase in seatsExtreme brexit Tories only held on by picking up all UKIP votesHard brexit labour almost unchangedBig increase in votes for Lib Dem and Green#BBCBias#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Eu to hike UK membership fee to £22bn if Brexit is cancelled, they really hate us don’t they, also promise to eliminate national rebates, Change Britain said these figures lay bare the eye-watering sums we’d have to hand over, just think how much we’ll be saving by leaving. 
#Brexit is not a glorious liberation from the EU, it is a shambolic retreat from Europe by a confused frightened and incompetent country unable to understand the realities of the modern world. Let's restore pride #StopBrexit!#PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
A new shipping route around the Brexit landbridge.If you’re an Irish exporter, this is great news. If you’re a Brexiter thinking you can play hardball, this is a wake-up. If you’re in Holyhead or Fishguard, it should be inducing panic.  
More and more people utterly baffled and angry that Brexit could go ahead despite being disastrous for U.K. and being based on lies and false promises. Most likely to hear phrase on street stall? “This is the stupidest thing we have ever done [as a country]” #PeoplesVote 
Excellent piece by Kevin Maguire in the Daily Mirror about the undemocratic Brexit fanatics in the Tory party. He is spot on with his analysis of the people trying to shape Brexit in the press and in the government. It is time to demand a #FinialSay to #StopBrexit 
Labour must rise with the turning tide to reject Brexit and whip our Lords and MPs against the Tories with no abstentions. “We should be digging the Tories’ political grave not lending them the shovels to prepare ours”. Fantastic article by @Manuel_TSSA  
BOOM! @Femi_Sorry has Tory MP running from a debate on brexit. Ha  
And you still think Brexit isn't a fascist coup?"UK's first private police force to go nationwide after London success."#FBPE 
If you have space to follow more could you give @CarersEu a follow please #FBPEIt’s important to share the impact of Brexit on Carers, Disabled, young & Elderly people who are so often ignored by our Government.Many Thanks #Follow 
"It really annoys me, he has totally sold his soul." - Mhairi Black on Jeremy Corbyn.Corbyn tries to play all sides on Scotland, on Brexit, on foreign policy, on everything. The man has no transparency, he cares only for votes, he sold all integrity. 
The @Telegraph is right: we need to deliver the right Brexit - that means rule out the Customs Partnership  
Lord Lamont - "I think the House of Lords is in danger of overstepping the mark. The foundation of the House of Lords is to revise, improve and amend legislation.“It is not to drive a coach and horse through the legislation." #Brexit  
#Brexit : It’s not just about big things like #trade and #CustomsUnion. There’s also a long and growing list of little problems we we didn’tknow before: 
Rees-Mogg says the 'customs partnership' would see Britain forced to abide by EU rules. This is not the Clean Brexit we voted for! 
John Redwood MP - "The EU are behaving against the interests of their member states in a rather sad way. They aren't producing anything constructive."Every time the UK makes a serious constructive proposal, they explain they are not things they can respond to." #Brexit  
Jackson, I moved up here to Scotland 11 years ago. I voted NO in the referendum in 2014. I believed what I was being told back then. I don't believe it now. I'm actually embarrassed of my vote but I'm man enough to admit it. You all lied to everyone & you are still doing it. 
For too long the Conservative Party has appeased Remain obsessives. It’s time for those who respect the result of the referendum to fight back. See what I did there?  
If #Brexit happens, it will hit hardest those who have the least. As we step up our campaign, please support the first ever @Remain_Labour crowdfunder. Help us make sure that the Labour Party stands against Brexit and stands up for a #PeoplesVote 
Remainers are no friends of Britain. These are not people who are mistaken in their beliefs and deserve to be heard, these are traitors and some are paid agents of the EU who are pushing Britain to destruction. Godless lot with no shame. #Brexit 
Crunch week coming up on Brexit. @jeremycorbyn will never win a general election, nor deserve to, unless he opposes the chaotic and damaging deal mooted by the Tories 
》87% of Labour members think Britain should remain in the single market.》85% think Britain should remain in the customs union.》78% think there should be a 2nd referendum on any Brexit deal.Jeremy Corbyn needs to listen to his own party or resign.#FBPE 
We're delighted to be joining forces with @Remain_Labour and activists from across our Party for a change in Party policy on Brexit. Members can change policy, the Labour Party is our Party, please support our campaign.  
We have impact analyses for the economics, but where is the attention to the human cost? Real lives are affected; the suffering, disenfranchisement & fear is unbearable for so many. We have been offered no tangible benefits of Brexit - not one, just platitudes and deception.4/6 
Those elected (and paid handsomely) to protect us, act in the best interests of our nation & provide security, opportunity and living standards for all are playing party politics with real lives - a game of reckless 'Brexit Roulette'. 3/6 
I shall die fighting Brexit - literally...Three years ago I was handed a 'death sentence' of incurable chronic leukaemia. Two years ago the UK was handed a fatal blow by vitriolic, small-minded Leavers. Since then I have used my anger & energy to #StopBrexit 1/6 
**Campaign Launch** @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU want @UKLabour to stand against #Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote. Today we launch a motion calling for a change in party policy, to be debated in every CLP in the country. Please share and support  
Both @UKLabour and the @Conservatives would do well to research what the people want rather than listening to the rubbish coming out of the mouths of the Brexit fanatics. People don't want a MayBot's and Jezza's hard Brexit. It is time to demand a #FinialSay to #StopBrexit 
Friends! Great interview with Our Lily!In which she explains to her famous fans - e.g. Our Redi Odd-Lodger - how her latest album, 'Snot Fair', will smash this Fascist regime, in the same way that her previous albums prevented Brexit and defeated Trump!Talk about influential!  
Poet Benjamin Zephaniah says "I've had people calling me a n***** and telling me to go home" in recent years, which he connects to the Brexit vote.Listen to the full interview on the Ways to Change the World podcast here:  pic.twitter.com/TQSAsU5ycj 
The country is behind Brexit - and wants Theresa May to get on with delivering it, says businessman Richard Patient  
Yesterday anti-#Brexit BBC Remainer Andrew Marr misinformed British public about Irish border question EIGHT times, saying new customs system wouldn’t be ready.  He's wrong.  Read:  
Nicky Morgan has a right to her opinion. But both at the referendum and last year's General Election, where over 85% votes were cast for parties committed to proper Brexit, we rejected her ideas. Appeasing her is a rejection of what we voted for. #Brexit #MondayMotivaton 
Yet again the Corbyn left are parroting the ‘Brexit has nothing to do with Corbyn’ line - a, frankly, ridiculous line. Corbyn’s stood shoulder to shoulder with May & Davis throughout every step of the Brexit processes. We wouldn’t be in this mess without Corbyn support for May 
Nonsense. This is nobody's propaganda - it's a cartoon reflecting how Brexit is viewed across most of the world, likely published in Dubai & UAE in the Khaleej Times.    Your tweet, by contrast, is anti-German propaganda. 
"The denial of the right of the #Catalans to hold a #referendum is in itself a serious denial of #democracy. It manifests #demophobia (...). This is unworthy of a modern European State." @Alfreddezayas #AboutCatalonia #EU #Spain 
The Brexit Uncertainty Principle:The closer the UK and the EU27 get to an agreement, the further the British cabinet get from reaching one: and vice versa. 
Thought @NickyMorgan01 @ConservativesParty becomes pro-EU & europhile  ~ can't win majorityParty pledges referendum ~ gets majorityParty prevaricates & dithers but says Brexit means Brexit ~ just hangs onLesson = core support is Brexiteer so Get On With Getting Us Out!  
#BrexitReality HMRC forced to divert £1.4bn from technology investments to cope with Brexit pressure."No downside" is an indication of how little the key Brexiters understood.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The great Brexit paradox:Brexit might actually have happened if it weren’t for the impact of Tory infighting - without which there would never have even been an attempt at Brexit. 
Ireland and EU are using Brexit border issue "as a lever to extract concessions" from U.K., Lord Lamont says  
Loyal to what though Gary? When will we be told what May wants. The referendum was 23 months ago. Art50 triggered 14 months ago. Will we get clarity soon or at five to midnight when it's that or nothing?  
Let’s not forget the amazing contribution of the Polish and French fighters, and others.....who you subsequently banned from voting in the EU referendum. 
YOUR BANK HOLIDAY TREAT xxx sign here ...Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Does anybody else get the feeling that Brexit is the dazzle used by the Government magicians to distract us from the real horror of their cataclysmic ongoing austerity? They are a govenernment that is as punitive as they are inept and we mustn’t let us distract us from that fact. 
Best and bleakest joke I know is the widespread perception of catastrophes like Brexit, Trump, anti-vaxxers, fundamentalist terror, et al, as BAD things befalling GOOD people, rather than the Law of Unforeseen consequences blindly twatting us for choices freely made over decades.  
Did you know we won’t be asked the question ‘do you want to repeal the 8th amendment’ in the upcoming referendum?                Here’s an explainer on the words that’ll be on the ballot paper & lots more practical info I’ve put together 
Over a fifth of UK manufacturers are planning to lay off workers in an effort to cope with the costs of Brexit. 11% say that they have already lost contracts and 58% are to increase prices... this will have a devastating effect on the supply chain #BrexitShambles 
Nicky Morgan tells PM to ignore Eurosceptics demanding their kind of Brexit - and instead listen to her group demanding their kind of Brexit .       
Michael Morpurgo: My family fought for peace, not for Brexit  
Why there's a 75% chance that Brexit won't happen  
Nicky Morgan: Many Brexiters are like toddlers who want their favourite toy, & stamp their feet with frustration & the reason for this is that they believe their Brexit will be taken away from them.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
ICYMI: the Hon Member for the Planet Vulcan bottles it when asked the very simple question “what do the Tories actually want from Brexit?” Priceless.  
The advantages of Brexit for the least well off must be preserved.  
The people who voted to stay in the EU are getting nothing they wanted and the people who voted to leave the EU are getting nothing they were promised (access to free market, extra NHS funding etc). What's the point? #Brexit 
On Brexit - mad as it all is, theres this thing called democracy, right, that as a democratic party, Labour are bound up in. They're trying to work out the past pathway to get the best results to meet the needs of all voters. This is complicated. But I trust them to do their best 
Astonishing article, mocking "the Brexiteers",  comparing them to toddlers and bemoaning the granting of the referendum. Does Nicky understand the country as a whole opted for Brexit? And did she not read the manifesto upon which she stood just year?  
Look at this shit! Not only is there 'no demand for a new referendum', there is no valid way to demonstrate that demand. Heads, you lose! Tails, you suffer a humiliating defeat! #Referendum2018 pic.twitter.com/aIzUgODACs 
Blame Blairite plots, hostile media or aliens from planet Zog, no Labour opposition has *ever* been gifted with a more dire Government to oppose.If Corbyn cannot pull ahead now, he will never, ever pull aheadIt's either his #Brexit stance or more likely, the man himself  
I posted a piece on inward investment and brexit yesterday which seems to have been rt’d a lot, and acquired me more followers, therefore reposting this from 2016.   
#Police worried that, if we #Brexit, we lose access to EU-wide information system currently used by the UK some 539 million times every year. #Criminal 
Says the man whose social media campaign for leadership is surrounded by the Russian botnet and who leads the ERG government within a government tied to Legatum...which turns out to be involved with Russian spies. Not to mention, Brexit was a Dugin objective.  
2016 Brexiters:Brexit will allow the UK to take back its position of leaders on the world stage2018:  
Brexit link in all this. Black Cube - allegedly hired by Trump aides - also works for Vincent Tchenguiz, ex largest shareholder in Cambridge Analytica. Tchenguiz represented by ex Unionist MP and Brexiter David Burnside (full story on @openDemocracy ) 
'Brexit is a golden opportunity for Jeremy Corbyn to rediscover his boldness'  
Perhaps it’s not the right thing to say, but when you consider the type of people who want Brexit and the type of people who don’t, people like David, you are even more convinced that you are on the right side of this debate.  
If you live in Cornwall, West Wales, Durham and Tees Valley, Lincolnshire, Shropshire and Staffordshire, Lancashire, Northern Ireland, East Yorkshire or Lincolnshire and voted to Leave you voted to stop EU money coming in to bail you out. You can bet London won’t after Brexit.  
There are also some of us, possibly many, who want this whole  brexit deceit to stop.  Keep Britain in Europe, it makes sense. 
‘So two types of referendum campaign are under way. One is in full view: the posters and debates and daily media reports. The other is in the shadows online’ good piece by @UnaMullally today. 
Brilliant piece by @Kevin_Maguire on the ‘Brexit baloney’.  
(15) Supporting Marie LePen in France, Brexit, Scottish independence, Catalonian separatism, Lombardy, Bavaria, Hungarian elections...The boys in St. Petersburg have been busy. 
‘Brexit will be calamitous but it’s the only way Britain will learn the lesson that it’s not exceptional’.You wouldn’t apply this theory of necessary failure to your children.  To apply it to your country is unacceptable. #Brexit is an error. Correct it.  
I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently   
What the UK needs is what we already had. 40 years to perfect; international respect: equitable return. We had a thoroughbred now we’re busy painting the donkey any shade we can to make it look like a horse. Let’s call this what it is - any Brexit is a failure of common sense. 
And that argument that's forming in your head about disabled people and abortion...just don't. It isn't relevant to this referendum. And in any case, this is my life, not your cheap point-scoring exercise. Instead, re-read this thread with an open heart and an open head. /Ends 
Lab MP Caroline Flint accuses Labour of playing games with Brexit. “If Labour fails to stand by the 2016 vote, we risk alienating many traditional Labour voters. Parliament should reject this game playing and accept the country’s decision. We are leaving.”  
I'll happily RT this again. The lack of arguments in favour of Brexit cannot be exposed enough.  
People are given lies to reinforce false beliefs until they genuinely feel they are in fact true, confirmation bias. It's a pervasive technique of modern day rule. It is how #brexit happened, it is how some people were conned into thinking their opinion was their own. #FBPE 
So if we pull out of Galileo, how long will it take to build our own system?"That isn't the point"And how much will it cost?"That doesn't matter"Peak Brexit. #r4today 
"The UK’s post Brexit customs arrangement are like fundamental particles. They remain mysteries to observers but, according to Brexiteers, will pop into existence, fully formed and well behaved, if we shut our eyes and stop looking for them"  
70% of Conservative core vote support leave. UKIP vote which has denied so many Con MPs their seat has mostly transferred back to Conservatives The democratic process delivered leave. If we don’t clean #Brexit with no CUSM add on, the next election will be like a re run of ‘97   
3 years ago the British people chose “stability with David Cameron”Stability is defined as follows:“When a leader calls a referendum thinking they won’t lose, and loses and when their successor calls an election to strengthen their hand but loses their parliamentary majority” 
#FBPE is pan-European and wants to stop Brexit, AfD, Wilders, Le Pen, Golden Dawn, etc.It's against populism, isolationism, and nationalism whether from the left or right. 
I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently 
Fiasco Brexit criticised by David Attenborough. A person with much more credibility than Mr Gove or Mr Johnson or Mrs May! In fact all three of them put together.   
Very gracious of you. Like so many Europhiles who in the face of #Brexit, act as though their first born is being removed, he’s lost the plot.  
"THIS NONSENSE MUST STOP NOW" - Destroying BBC misinformation, read full #Brexit story here:  
Faith in Parliament SHATTERED forever!' Anti-Brexit MPs issued with STERN warning  
Brilliant this, @Femi_Sorry succinctly explains the ridiculous position the Conservatives have placed this country in, leaving prominent Brexiteer, and Welsh language ventriloquist dummy, John Redwood, literally speechless. 
Have you made plans with friends and family to attend the London march on June 23 and demand a #PeoplesVote on the terms of a Brexit deal?Please join us there. 
Not that Brexit was about xenophobia or anything...  
DP Ruto opposing constitutional change is not new. He opposed the repeal of Section 2A. He opposed the referendum that brought the 2010 constitution. I don't agree with all of @RailaOdinga ideas but Ruto must argue his case in writing, not at funerals. 
India is witnessing an interesting natural experiment: how long the BJP can stay in power by harping on Congress failings rather than its own achievements. It is also a referendum on the gullibility or biases of Indian voters 
David Attenborough: “I certainly don’t understand the political and economic implications of Brexit, but philosophically I would rather people embrace one another than spat in one another’s face. The referendum was an abrogation of parliamentary democracy”  
Hard BrexitSoft BrexitDUP BrexitMay BrexitERG BrexitBarnier BrexitCorbyn BrexitSoubry BrexitBankers BrexitAuto BrexitFishermans BrexitHoey BrexitJHB BrexitWe know what we voted for!Give me a break, FFS.#FBPE 
The only thing the @Conservatives understand is power, and how to retain it at all costs.#Brexit is just a move in a game of chess, sacrificing the economy and all of our futures for a couple more years in Government. The game is over now. #CrunchTime 
If we don't have the right to hold "Brexit" itself to account, then UK Democracy really did stop in 2016.Generally speaking, you were right to want the things you wanted in 2016. 
You were promised better that Brexit was the only way to avoid an EU Army, Schengen, the Euro, a United States of Europe....   
You were promised Parliamentary Sovereignty.Brexit is giving Parliamentary power to a minority government.  
The EU believes Theresa May's 'unstable' government could collapse before Brexit  via @BIUK_Politics 
** #StopBrexit action **Email the Lords: on Tuesday, there are critical Brexit votes coming up in the House of Lords.Let’s show them our support to stay in the Single Market and #Remain in the EU.Please RT to share with all #FBPE, and email here: 
Brexit: dribble - people en masse may not boast an intellect greater than the vastly over-educated Mr Mogg, but they do know when they're being treated with contempt. And, if they don't, there are people in Brussels who surely do...  #Brexinfo. 
David Attenborough: “The decision to call a referendum was an abrogation of parliamentary democracy in my view because we didn’t know the facts. We weren’t presented with the facts. I still don’t know the facts really!”  I love David. He needs to be cloned  
Brexit Explained  
Trump and the GOP will likely describe this upcoming election to their voters as an 'impeachment referendum'.While they are right, this will likely drive up the number of Republicans coming to vote.This is even more reason to make sure you tell everyone you know to VOTE!! 
The #LE2018 results are in and the public verdict is clear, the regressive Brexit ConLab coalition parties offer no solutions for the mess they have got us into. It's time to take our county back... back to the 21st century. Join a pro-EU party today. Activism will #stopbrexit 
All the polls now show Britain thinks Brexit is the wrong choice. The local elections confirm this. Time to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
It's precisely because of the Brexiters approach that's exactly what will happen.We'll reject the deal on offer and then Parliament will reject a hard Brexit and we'll remain.Thanks Roger.#FBPE 
EU army SHOCK: Britain BACKS plan to JOIN Macron's super-military plan - even after Brexit - Express  
Blankenship is following Trump's early GOP primary playbook of trying to monopolize media attention and making the race a referendum on him, which can be pretty effective when you only need ~35% of the vote to win.  
Chicken...enough to cry fowl at #Brexit...Femi nails it & Redwood.. Now let's get a Binding #FinalSay in the Autumn with a #StopBrexit option & see if the Ppl still want #Brexit or now to end this #BrexitShambles & #Remain 
If the UK is a true democracy, Brexit can't happen. There's no majority. Lies, stolen private big data, breaking spending rules, the simplicity of the Ref question and 52%, just don't make a mandate to cause such dismay to people's lives and mega damage to businesses. #StopBrexit 
The country is behind Brexit and wants Theresa May to get on with delivering it  
#Brexit High-Command are intent on 'winning' - whatever it takes and whatever the cost.If remainers don't, won't or can't embrace the "whatever it takes and whatever it costs" part then we'll be leaving. They're relying on remain to be just that little bit less committed. 
The political landscape has changed massively in the last 5 yrs because of Brexit. The UKIP & BNP electorate have migrated in large to the Tory party. Around 14% of the electorate. The rules within politics have changed. LAB are performing remarkably well against this shift.  
HEY FISHERMEN  The document, which has still to be finalised, reveals plans to bypass the Scottish Parliament and to retain the current quotas after Brexit to reduce over-fishing in the North Sea.   YOU GOT SOLD OUT ONCE..LEARN BEFORE ITS TOO LATE.  
Watch pro-European @Femi_Sorry make an argument against Brexit so strong that John Redwood refuses to debate with him. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
You're not part of the cabinet - you have nothing to say. The ballot didn't ask the British People to leave the EU according to JRMogg's idea of a Brexit.  
Pulling out of the deal is necessary but NOT sufficient. JCPOA exit must be accompanied with:1-Crippling Sanctions to overthrow the Regime; and2-Engagement with the strong-majority supported HIM #RezaPahlavi to form& head the Transition government followed by referendum. 
I find it detestable that Brexit is about keeping the Tory party together, when what we should be doing is stopping the travesty of Brexit altogether & getting rid of the third-rate gang of squabbling Brexiter politicians once for all. 
“Legatum founder is 'suspected spy': Devastating claim made by MPs about Brexit think-tank man after shock dossier reports 'Kremlin links'”: How much more of this kind of stuff is there?Why has Brexit not been put on hold until we have some answers?   
Another week on Twitter for #FBPE, #FollowBackProEU. A week of complete nonsense, the government pick a Brexit solution already trashed by the EU, Labours alternative also trashed by the EU.Hard Brexit trashed by Lords.@Femi_Sorry trashed @johnredwood on LBC Tick Tock 
.@David_Goodhart: 'I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently' 
Nothing has persuaded EU citizens of the value of the EU like Brexit. Support up in 28 states.  
"We've already lost 10,000 doctors since the referendum. We plan to expel even skilled immigrants after 5 years. So where are the courses to urgently train 23,000 replacement doctors?"  
*American broadcasters are reporting Brexit properly*  
So @johnredwood you're too frit to debate with @Femi_Sorry? You know your views on Brexit are utter bunkum which is why you will not engage in honest debate for fear of being exposed for the fool you clearly are. For shame  
You can't trust @Conservatives and @UKLabour on Brexit. Especially while @jeremycorbyn carries on acting like MayBots lapdog on Brexit. The leadership of both parties can't be trusted with the future of Britain. That is why we need a #PeoplesVote 
Kind of....Labour has tests which mean that they won't accept a Brexit which harms us economically. But at the same time, they have shown no sign that they would be willing to allow the British people to vote our way out of Brexit when a harmful Brexit is presented to them. 
Yesss this is what Brexit is  a coup! We cant let them win. NO WAY!  No no no way!  
Summary of where we are with Brexit: update.Remainer: Here’s my argument, what do you say?Brexiter: [runs away] 
If you don't like the status quo, and the establishment who are defending it, keep fighting to stop Brexit. If it goes ahead, we have only a future that looks like now, but much much more so, to look forward to. 17/17 
Top Labour MP Caroline Flint tells pro-EU Lords and MPs to ‘stop playing games’ over Brexit  
We have to be honest and admit that, if Brexit can be averted, the UK will not return instantly to its position as one of the few most influential Member States in this process. It may never do so, but it can contribute to and be part of this reform and its own renewal.16/ 
A glorious moment in Brexit history, a moment worth sharing far & wide with everyone that supports the car crash of a Tory Government. When a Tory spokesperson finds it impossible to even discuss Brexit on air & runs away with his tail between his legs then Brexit is indeed DEAD!  
Just 12 hours until @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU combine forces to step up our campaign for change! If you are a #Labour supporter who wants our party to stand against #Brexit and stand up for @peoplesvote_uk - please share & sign up below  
Thanks to voter apathy, a disengaged public and our self-selecting of “news” via social media, this crucial referendum stands to be the sleeper political/democratic event of this generation.  We can’t let that happen.  #bcpoli 
THIS SUMS UP BREXIT. THEY HAVEN’T GOT A CLUE HOW TO DO IT. THEY CAN’T ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS. Please watch. Also bear in mind Brexit can be stopped. Young people like Femi know that. Let’s support them. Let’s strive for better than Brexit. All of us. #stopbrexit #finalsay 
I was a Remainer, but I'm sick of the economic doom and gloom – Brexit is an exciting opportunity to do things differently  it's @David_Goodhart 
Maybe the sunlit uplands promised are just around the corner, but the first 2 years have been crap in pretty much every respect, and I sense almost all leave campaigners have given up trying to justify Brexit as actually improving anything. 11/ 
Or how @JORISLUIJENDIJK put it #Clowns #Cryptofascist @guardian When,in a few years,a public inquiry is held into the economic,financial&monetary debacle that is by then Brexit of the easier targets will Conservative MP and Brexit cheerleader John Redwood.  
Seeing a lot of tweets from Corbyn supporters saying the hash #FBPE has an agenda... totally correct. We'd like to stop brexit. Hope that clears things up. 
Also: shout-outs to many others doing GREAT often unsung work (when no-one else was) inc brilliant @brexit_sham, dogged @textifire, ahead-of-rest @annmarlowe, relentlessly-on-it @peterjukes, detective supremo @J_amesp & US connector-of-dots @RVAwonk @justinhendrix & @profcarroll 
OMFG... Femi (@Femi_Sorry) opens brilliantly on the pointless costly Brexit options our confused government is stuggling with...... and John Redwood simply runs away. Stunning.  
What use is sovereignty when MPs deny their conscience over Brexit?  
My prediction is a no deal Brexit, a totally fucked UK and a return to the EU on their terms when everything goes tits up. Only a prediction mind you, one thing is for sure, if we Brexit, I will be watching the above from afar. 
Well, It's what I keep saying. Brexit is labelled as populist, but it's the normal people who are fighting it. 
In the midst of all the madness of last week I think this story may have got overlooked. Is #article 50 unilaterally revocable? Full hearing on possible ref to #ECJ at Court of Session, Edinburgh on 22 May #Brexit #FBPE 
How much longer before TM and/or Brexit implode under the strain of all the contradictions? #stopbrexitThousands of jobs at risk if Theresa May drops Brexit 'customs partnership' plan with the EU, business secretary suggests - The Independent  
a girl who was in my school is pro life and says it’s because she believes in equality for everybody even unborn yet in 2015 she texted everyone in her class telling them to tell their parents to vote no in the gay marriage referendum are u actually for reaL 
Whoooooaaaaahhh.@c_lindner and @fdp_fraktion have asked the German Government a full 318 questions about #BrexitEven UK Govt can’t answer most of these!PDF of their “Große Anfrage” (essentially a major written parliamentary question) is here:  
@BBCNews #BBC Your censorship of the #DayForFreedom demo in central London TODAY proves that the BBC opposes #FreedomOfSpeech and that the BBC will censor people who exercise their right to freedom of speech.  #FLA #VeteransAgainstTerrorism #Brexit  
There are now four options for Theresa May on Brexit. Unfortunately none of them is very good  
We left a momento for the Whitstable pro brexit fishing fleet..... X  
The Together for Yes group has embarked on a 12-day tour of 22 locations across the State in an effort to convince more voters to back repeal of the Eighth Amendment in the forthcoming referendum on the issue. #gettogether4yes 
Revealed: Legatum’s “extraordinary” secretive monthly meetings with #Brexit minister (TY @openDemocracyUK ) 
“Brexit will allow the brightest and best from around the globe to come and work here, which is why we’re already trying to deport the brightest and best” 
EU Customs Union, however you dress it up, keeps us within EU rules, keeps us in Single Market, keeps us attached to #EUBritish people voted to #LeaveHere we have the crunch because underlying #Brexit vote you have Parliament versus People, potentially. 
Retweeted by a Guardian journalist.Generalising people who support freedom of speech as "EDL, Brexit and Ukip types".Quick. Somebody remind me who are the divisive ones who are splitting society.  
Independence isn’t about being IN or OUT of the EU. It’s about the people of Scotland determining our own future, we shouldn’t have decisions imposed upon us - such as Brexit.  
Yes.Labour are actually being WORSE than the Tories over Brexit, because they are backing all the same crimes and lies, but then wheedling, "It wasn't us! It was them!"  
I used the term slap on the face for Brexit against the rest of Europe but prefer Sir David's spat description. A truly great man and I'm proud to come from the same school of thinking in this country and approach as his type of Briton and European  
OH.  MY.  GOD.  Senile Dementia raddled #BrexiNazi @johnredwood actually tells listeners he is afraid to debate @Femi_Sorry live on radio.  These #Brexit fraudsters have nowhere to go, their number is up.  
Keep fighting Brexit...  
Have been to Amsterdam, Budapest, Bucharest, Athens, Valencia, Barcelona, Warsaw, Freiburg, Berlin, Copenhagen, Prague and Paris post referendum and all bar conversations are a near universal "what is happening to your country?!!" I fear our reputation will never recover. 
Not yet registered to vote in the May 25 Referendum? A member of An Garda Siochana will be available at City Hall on Tuesday 8th May, 10.00am to 3.00pm, to facilitate people who wish to vote and be included on the Supplementary Register for Galway City.Bring photo & other ID 
My son had a lot of questions along the way about the banners he saw. #Trident #Windrush #Brexit #TrumpMuslimBan & #Catalonia etc. A few people heard him asking & spoke to him. There was no insults of parties or individuals. Just info & facts. Thank u for ur kindness  #indy 
When religious fanatics are faced with facts challenging their fantasy beliefs they shout 'unbeliever'It's the same with Brexit extremists except they shout 'Project Fear'But, truth doesn't stop being truth just because it doesn't suit your fantasies.   
7) Part lies with those in Parliament & beyond who pay lip service to delivering the referendum result but in private are seeking to reverse it. Believe me I've heard it all when it's behind closed doors and off the record. And the EU27 are listening too 
6) It is profoundly damaging to waste months & months - now nearly two years since Referendum - rehashing endlessly THE EXACT SAME POINTS. Part of fault for that lies with the Government for delaying crucial decisions on its preferred outcome for Brexit and not arguing its case 
The SEA CHANGE that is happening in our nation, as expressed in terms of local elections results. We are going in the right direction and everyone needs to keep saying it: NO MANDATE for BREXIT anymore, if every there was at all. #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Redwood is Brexit in human form - cannot engage, totally unrelatable to the youth vote, closed-minded, naff, wrong, couldn’t persuade his way out of a paper bag. English politics at its absolute worst. 
Parliament should reject Brexit game-playing and accept the country’s decision  
The irony!Complaining  about Labour MPs who speak out against a Labour leader who himself repeatedly spoke out against the LP leadership and voted against the whip 428 times.A LP FB that’s actively supporting May so often on Brexit.Not a good look.  
Here's Sky's Brexit Date countdown. They say, "Time left to reach a deal", and give it as 327 days left.  That's wrong, We have to reach an agreement by the end of October to allow time for scrutiny. That's only 178 days left. 
How did the Lisbon Treaty get ratified without MPs ever seeing it?Lisbon Treaty transferred nearly all remaining(!) UK sovereignty to unelected & undemocratic EU.Gordon Brown was deceitful to such an extent it was no different to lying!#Brexit #EU 
Ok, so 3/2. And in wilfully ignoring all this, a presumably reasonable person has aligned himself with the Brexit headbangers, alt-right racists and hard left ‘any moral high ground will do’ wankers that I’ve been hearing from all day.I guess you can’t please everyone. 
There is no future for a Conservative Party that softens or botches Brexit, says the @Telegraph 
Will Brexit actually happen? This is how the referendum result could be reversed  
I'm a bit fed up hearing "I'd vote Labour..but Brexit".Last I saw,JC isn't a magician who can change the result.Truth is you have a choice;a hard Tory  Brexit,or a Labour Brexit with customs union, and keeping our Human Rights  a remainer,I'm with Labour  
Just a week after Ciudadanos' Albert Rivera pointed to 9 teachers for having organised a debate on the Oct 1 referendum, we've seen a lynching campaign against them and a Catalan MP's car vandalised in the same town. Congratulations, @Albert_Rivera 
Labour, people are losing their jobs because of #brexit and you do nothing.Words fail me.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Political clarity and a real Brexit.  
Patrick Blower’s Brexit dance - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
“I personally regret Brexit for many reasons and I am never aggressive. My door is open.”  
"Our former ambassador to the EU, Sir Ivan Rogers, had to explain to the leading Brexiters in the cabinet after the referendum what the customs union and single market actually were"@williamkeegan 
'Arlene Foster wants 'less rhetoric' from the EU on Brexit'. Pot, kettle, black – the leader of a party that is little more than bigoted rhetoric.  
This goes to the heart of the abuse of Executive power we're witnessing over Brexit. It won't stop there. Representative democracy and the foundations of our constitution and devolution are under serious threat. Referenda are not decisions in constitutional matters:#FBPE #WATON 
Maybe @johnredwood realises Brexit isn’t worth it?  
OMG this prof gave the most amazing talk just B4 the referendum& it’s like he was looking into the future. He explains EVERYTHING so clearly&simply. It’s long but brilliant @Chrisballingall @mikegalsworthy please can u share 4 me ?! Think it might help... 
Lord Adonis tweeting this crap.  About MP Sajid Javid Adonis the halfwit, spends everyday trying stop Brexit. Kick this imbecile out of the House of Lords. And he calls Brexiteers racist you a LORD. Your no Lord.    
No surprise. John Redwood is far too busy advising customers to move their money out of the UK. Brexit is great business for him. 
Tory MP @JohnRedwood refuses to debate Brexit and the Customs Union with @Femi_Sorry 
"She sacked me when I voted in the Lords for a meaningful parliamentary vote on the Brexit negotiations. Three weeks after that, she agreed to that very thing. I find her mystifying."  
Dear Mr Dimbleby.If you truly do not know who is and who isn't a Brexiteer on your panel, then why the hell not? You host a politics show! I can tell you that more than half the country voted FOR Brexit so please ensure future panels & audiences are at least 50% pro Brexit. 
.England's Difficulty Is Ireland's Opportunity "[Taoiseach Leo Varadkar] was also on hand to announce a massive investment which, if it wasn't for Brexit, might have gone to the UK.". 
If we stay in the EEA then many #Brexit problems dwindle. Growing support to keep this as an option  
Russian spies helped #BorisJohnson arrange #Brexit coup.  No surprise, Farage, Banks, Mogg, Hoey ALL have Russian links.  If Brexit is so great, why does our enemy Russia want it to happen ????  
Reminder of #isitworthit? GOV own assessment shows there #remain is the best & cheapest option, with hard Brexit being worst,and soft #Brexit being the pay, keep the rules but no say option. #StopBrexit2018 if you value your human rights & freedoms #FBPE 
Staggering...Arlene Foster hits peak hypocrisy while discussing Brexit with Andrew MarrBy @BaldPolitiKs 
BREAKING: Brave @Conservatives MPs are defying Brextremists that have taken the U.K. Government hostage.We should all, whatever party, work together to stop the damaging #Brexit being pursued by a small, fringe minority.  
My dear twitter acquaintance,  @cjwerleman & u must realise that for the referendum on Kashmir ..The 1st condition is the Pakistan army get out of the illegal occupied Kashmir by Pak. First ask them to leave !!!  
Just spotted this on Dun Laoghaire pier. Woman claiming to be doctor, handing out 'impartial' info about Referendum. 'Independent' spelled wrong on her hi-vis. Pretty suspicious. Disappeared sharpish when I started asking questions  
Now all we need is for you to reflect on your anti democratic approach to brexit. 
It’s not just young voters that won’t forgive. She’s right. May should call their bluff. They know the damage their brexit will do and wouldn’t be prepared to take the blame as new leader. May has more power than she thinks - or wants a hard brexit herself  
Better idea would be petition against a leader who unilaterally changed party policy despite 73% of Lab voters thinking it’s wrong to leave & against all those @uklabour MPs who’re voting with the Tories or abstaining on jobs destroying brexit which’ll hit Lab areas & poor most.  
My uncle is a writer and explained that, for maximum tension, all of the important resolution in a story has to focus on the final 15 mins/25 pages. My guess is that the #Brexit denoument will be the same. I'll check back in mid-Feb '19.@ThatTimWalker @abcpoppins @BrexitBin 
Not so subtle reminder from Jacob Rees-Mogg that this Conservative administration promised us a true Brexit. The country expects no less  
That's because they are, by definition, occupation forces. If you don't think the people of Kashmir are illegally occupied, why not hold a referendum in Kashmir & let the people of Kashmir decide whether or not they want to be part of India? It's that simple. 
Greening warns young voters won't forgive damaging Brexit deal It's not just the young that will never forgive this government! 
Would there be a #repealthe8th referendum or legislation if Fianna Fáil were in Government? @eamonocuiv says no! #sundaytv3 @SarahAMcInerney #SundayTV3 
Mrs Foster said she would like to see less rhetoric and more engagement from the #EU on the way forward. Yet a week ago #DUP was unable to meet Mr Barnier when he visited Northern Ireland. #Brexit #Brexitshambles 
Brexit will not bring about the changes we want in our communities or UK. We must rethink now we know more & create an inclusive vision which leaves no one behind. #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain 
John Mcdonnell: After the EU referendum, we need "a traditional British compromise."Respect the referendum, but get the best deal to protect our economy and jobs. By keeping a Customs Union and staying close to the single market, #Marr #r4today #bankholidaymonday #fbpe #waton 
Today our chair, Sue Wilson, is attending the Pulse of Europe @PulseofEuropeUK event in High Wycombe.Because No Brexit is better than a bad Brexit.#BackBritainNotBrexit@Suewilson91 
@michaelgove @GavinBarwell @theresa_may @Anna_Soubry @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @ChukaUmunna Can someone help BoJo with maths - Pro-EU party gains -+ 81, Hard Brexit party losses - 156. Your mandate has been reduced not increased! #FBPE @eloisetodd @Andrew_Adonis @thomasbrake 
What do the arch-Remainer civil servants championing the customs partnership really know about global commerce? What they know about is creating a huge mess in the hope Britain loses its nerve and abandons Brexit, says @LiamHalligan 
Tory peer tells @Nigel_Farage: House of Lords "overstepped the mark" on Brexit.   
A poll about Party Political affiliation and your attitude to reversing Brexit.Would you work together with people across different parties if you thought it would help convince the British people to ditch Brexit?(Sorry for the finite list of options; Twitter only allows 4) 
Hi Manuel.....I am a scout for Sunderland A.F.C. To prove its really  you could you please tweet a photo of yourself with a sign that says ‘Brexit means Brexit’ Regards  
When @johnmcdonnellMP told #Marr 'I think you just spoke to the real leader of the #Conservatives, Arlene Foster" he was spot on. This is because the dogs Brexit party is being wagged by its tail. As another wag commented @theresa_may is now caught between the Devil and the DUP.' 
Swedish expert offers post-Brexit Irish border solution. @Facts4euOrg 
So I'm following this #dayforfreedom event in #London. Here's what I've learned so far: -Brexit: great!-Islam: bad!-Trump: great!-Immigration: bad!-freedom of speech: great!-anyone who expresses different opinions to those mentioned above: The Antichrist!#hypocrites 
This is ignorant nonsense. Main suppliers of UK imports are EU countries, so zero tariff is levied on them. But a "WTO terms" hard Brexit would slap a 21% tariff on ALL tomato imports from everywhere in the world.  
*Won't forgive Brexit actually*  
Greening warns young voters won't forgive damaging Brexit deal  
‘El Gobierno asegura que “no hay ningún problema” entre Cospedal y Soraya.’ It’s the same government that says there’s no corruption, and the same government that said there wouldn’t be a referendum on 1 Oct, and the same government that says the pro-indy sentiment is ‘kaput’.  
Dear Labour Remainer-Corbyn voter: enjoy your Sunday in the sunshine, reflecting on the fact that if you’d elected Cooper, Burnham or Kendall as leader, #Brexit would be history by now. 
I’m so annoyed that every game is a referendum on how LeBron compares to MJ. Speaks to our simple-mindedness as basketball fans these days. We don’t need to dumb down the greatness of today by debating it with a past that can’t be changed. Enjoy this moment. That is enough. 
Dear Fellow BrexiteersCome the next General Election we need to do the following.If there is a confirmed Brexit MP in your constituency eg Kate Hoey, vote for them. If there is a Remoaner Quisling MP vote for anybody but them. If they betray us, put them out of work. 
Will people be angrier being told now Brexit is shit or in three years time when their job is about to move to Frankfurt and the price of food has gone up further ?  
No more fudging on Brexit, Theresa - voters will keep you to your word that Britain is taking back control, and so will we, says @TheSun 
And that will be the moment when it  can't be denied that Corbyn wants a hard Brexit in line with Johnson, Fox and Rees-Mogg.It will be at least be amusing to watch his acolytes still trying to convince us that Corbyn will deliver a soft Brexit.  
Just back from Amsterdam, and when I got off of Eurostar it felt like I was walking from freedom into Wormwood. I'm 61, every known generation of my family is English, but since this Tory gov and the referendum this country is like a prison and hostile to everyone not English 
Brexit is a civil war & we should stop pretending it is anything else. If we don't, the reactionary side wins. There will be no peace or harmony until Brexit is overturned & justice is restored. Of course, that also means rebuilding social democracy & equality in domestic policy. 
Leaving the Single Market destroys jobs @BarryGardiner, you know it.You recently described leaving it and achieving its benefits as "bollocks"So, please, stop with the Jobs First Brexit rhetoric. It's transparently untrue.  
I think John Terry is coming back to the premiership to dish up wallops in time for Granite Brexit. I'm sticking a fiver on Villa to win the play offs. 
Before Brexit I felt part of this country, but after casting my final vote in local elections, it feels even less like home — I won’t be allowed to vote again. 
Can @UKStatsAuth not intervene in some way? This sort of stuff is just as bad as the numbers on the side of the Brexit bus.  
Thousands of jobs at risk if Theresa May drops Brexit 'customs partnership' plan with the EU, business secretary suggests  
Breaking News:Theresa May only hours away from a final position on Brexit that unites the government, the party and the people.Brussels:"Computer says no."#FBPE 
Whitehall has:PLACED the UK into EU-governed defence arrangementsPROPOSED post-Brexit continuation of themENTERED binding defence-industrial trials…all while knowing the EU insists on full authority.Now FALSELY claims EII isn’t meant as an EU scheme: 
Something pretty special has been happening in Dublin Central over past few months. People from parties of the left & none have come together for this referendum campaign- it’s been a real privilege to be a part of it. Some photos from yesterday’s #leafletmageddon @DublinRepeal8 
“Absolute determination”: @theresa_may vows to deliver Brexit without Customs UnionThat means £40-80Bn damage to our economy. Less money for public services and the NHS. Manufacturing jobs lostJust crazy. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain 
Sad end for the man who was number one on our list of 10 People Driven Mad By Brexit:  
This is a leading media person in the UK not Russia or North Korea but UK ...just listen to question  - this ingrained basic arrogance tells you why Brexit is happening   
Serious question: How do Brexiters look at UK growth since the Brexit vote and not think 'OMFG WTF are we doing?'  
The Government Petition for the public to have a referendum on abolishing the unelected House of Lords is now over 150,000 signatures. Parliament will debate this petition on the 18 of June. (Should have been the 23 of June UKs independence Day.  
I genuinely can't think of anything more guaranteed to cement the Brexit vote in England than the SNP leading on a second referendum on it. Utterly bonkers idea.  
EU army SHOCK: Britain BACKS plan to JOIN Macron's super-military plan - even after Brexit  
DUP continuing to ignore majority views on Brexit - @M_AndersonSF 
Greening warns young voters won't forgive damaging Brexit deal  
Bus Stop Brexit... #stopbrexit #FBPE 
Yet again Mrs Foster assumes this position of reigning over “Northern Ireland” when she simply does not represent the majority on Brexit or in Assembly votes. But will English audiences appreciate that given the framing of this interview?  
A lot of the Ultra Pro-EU people say "the EU isn't to blame for the problems in Britain." I agree but they often now blame Brexit for every problem we have. This is why comparing Ultra Pro-EU people to UKIPers is fair. Both groups ignore the real problem which is Neo-Liberalism 
Please, get your friends to watch this, especially those still on the fence or fed up with Brexit.  We can and must stop this madness.  
Former director general of the British Chambers of Commerce @JLongworthLML gets it: the 2023 customs scam is just another sad attempt by Remainers to halt Brexit. It must be resisted! Support us at  
Here are the 6 peers that voted for a second EURef to stop Brexit:Oh, and their EU pension pots.Lord Cashman:      £371,000Baroness Crawley: £260,000Lord Tomlinson:      £173,000 Baroness Bowles:   £220,000Baroness Ludford:  £371,300Lord Teverson:       £86,000#Brexit  
End this Brexit madness!#StopBrexit 
The narrative here is a false one. There is no rising demand for Brexit to be changed. We are beyond that mess. There is only one question now. When will we get our vote for independence? Lib Dems are the only Party looking for another vote, All three of them.  
'I was put in prison during my final exams.'From an interview with @avaligul, a Turkish law graduate who was arrested and imprisoned for creating a video explaining Turkey's 'No' campaign during its 2017 constitutional referendum: 
#EUsuperheroes no.65 is @ChukaUmunna "Unafraid of Corby’s cronies and prepared to break the whip. Tabled the amendment to remain in the SM and CU. If you want Labour to oppose Brexit or ever take the UK back into the EU then this man will be key." pic.twitter.com/UYAy7FfIVO 
This is where London's bankers are moving after Brexit  
The ultimate humiliation will be when Brussels presents us with a last-minute, take-it-or-leave-it Brexit deal, leaving parliament to choose between a Brussels deal or No Deal. Of course we should choose No Deal, but can we trust our MPs to make the right decision? 
#ProjectFearWhen calculating the economic effect of Brexit, David Cameron politicised his findings. (One of the many reasons I despise him). He focused on the impact of "a vote to leave" rather than us actually leaving. He wanted to scare people in the voting booth. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "This Project Fear has been so thoroughly discredited that you would have thought that it would have come to an end by now." #Brexit  
Today, I joined the @LibDems. I have no confidence in @UKLabour and they no longer fully represent my values after being a life-long voter. Our future lies in the EU - whether by stopping Brexit or by returning to the EU after being mired in decline and obscurity with Brexit. 
More evidence of Corbyn's long game. The game to ensure a hard Brexit.At what point do the Corbynites realise what's actually happening?  
30 months after the promise to give power to members, you can only conclude our exclusion from Brexit Policy making is because we'll choose a different path to that of the Executive.Come on Jeremy, let half a million of us have a say, not half a dozen. 
I campaigned for Remain in the 2016 EU referendum. We lost, and we are leaving. Parliament should reject Brexit game-playing and accept the country’s decision, says former Labour Europe Minister @CarolineFlintMP 
Question for progressive Labour supporters; It’s 2020. After a series of terror attacks a far right Tory Govt hold a referendum to bring back hanging, which wins by 52% to 48%. Would JC support the legislation because it’s ‘the will of the people’ or would he oppose it? 
This jelsa is a referendum and its clear that a clear majority has rejected disqualification of nawaz sharif and sent a strong message that doctored politics will not be allowed #PmlnMansehraJalsa 
It appears that many Leavers believe Remainers are fighting against Brexit as a form of revenge they did not win the vote. We are not. We are fighting Brexit because we believe it to be wrong. 
Tuesday’s Lords vote on Single Market a key test of whether Labour is an Opposition or a Vacillation. Labour’s poor local election results  show that having nothing to say but ‘a bit less Brexit’ doesn’t win votes, let alone principles 
Your daily reminder that Leavers also lied about the amount of money we've paid to the EU/EEC since joining. The net figure isn't £500bn as they suggest, but only £390bn. A bargain considering that investment into the UK has fallen by £300bn in just one year since Brexit.#FBPE 
Yes, turning round brexit will cause resentment, but as nothing compared to going through with it.  
LORDS VOTE ON SINGLE MARKET ON TUESDAY: A bigger deal than the referendum vote last week in terms of Labour peers refusing to abstain as the Leader’s office is attempting. I think most Labour peers will vote for it. Time for vacillation has ended! 
"Unless we vote Yes in this referendum we can't regulate the importation of abortion pills, and we are saying that it is OK for Irish women to travel to avail of care in another jurisdiction that they can't avail of in this state - that is not tenable." - @loreillysf 
Still buzzing from yesterday?Maybe you need to hear what one of the candidates for Deputy Leadership of SNP thinks about timing of referendum.This week’s Sunday Interview Barrheadboy talking with SNP Deputy leader Candidate Julie Hepburn. 
WATCH: @Anna_Soubry on #bbcsp calls out the hard Brexit ideologues who are 'blighting' the Conservative Party & the Brexit process. Please RT:  
Actually, the link doesn't say that they're boycotting him as a Catalan but for having voted in the referendum, sung the traditional and perfectly legal Catalan national anthem, etc. In other words, he is being boycotted for his political loyalties, which is just as bad or worse.  
History confirms that any referendum question answer supported by H E Raila Odinga and his team succeeds effortlessly. It happened in 2005 when the NO answer prevailed and 2010 when the YES answer carried the day. 
If @BarryGardiner prevents Labour voting for EEA Single Market, then he will be just as responsible for hard #Brexit, job losses & fall in tax revenues that follow. He’ll have zero credibility to complain of cuts & austerity he’ll have enabled. Please overrule him @Keir_Starmer ? 
Are you against Brexit? Do you support the UK's place in the EU and think that the people deserve a say on the final deal? Help us make that happen by becoming a member here:  
At what point will brexiters accept that they were sold a lie?Brexit was never about them.#StopBrexit#FinalSayForAll 
I know many older voters who did vote Remain...the eldest, in her 80’s, told me she voted Remain because she remembers hiding in cellars as a child in the Blitz...and Brexit is nationalism and “these fools don’t know what they’re fooling with”. 
"People do not want a hard Brexit or hard border coming their way. A majority of people on the doors endorse Sinn Féin's position that we need to stay within the Customs Union and the Single Market" - .@OrfhlaithBegley speaking about Brexit on Sunday Politics  
Just a reminder that DUP leader neither speaks for, nor represents, opinion of the majority in Ireland who voted against BREXIT. What we need in Ireland is special status. #Marr 
Seems strange to me that the PM stated Brexit means Brexit. Then turns around and say's "I only mean that in name only from March 2019". UK will keep funding the undemocratic EU with £billions from taxpayers pockets for years to come.  
Peace process in Ireland had gone from 'barriers" to "opportunities" on the border, Brexit is "going back to dealing with barriers. That is not what we want" - great read by @michaelsavage after trip to Belfast and Jonesborough in wake of Barnier visit. 
WATCH: Tory Scottish Secretary unable to answer my questioning on whether the UK Govt will ignore the will of the Scottish Parliament on grabbing devolved powers after Brexit. Contributions from SNP Minister for Scotland’s Place in Europe, @Feorlean.  
Thousands of jobs at risk if Theresa May drops Brexit 'customs partnership' plan with the EU, business secretary suggests  
“Cossack” paramilitary who participated in the dispersal of anti-Putin protest in Moscow sports the insignia of “Ataman Baklanov Crimean Regiment” - a “Cossack” unit formed in Sevastopol on 16 March, 2014 - day of Crimean referendum.  
Well said @Anna_Soubry  - The Brexiteer Ideologues must be faced down by PM.. They don't have the countries best interest at heart. #Brexit  
We are approaching crunch time on #Brexit. The future of our country, jobs and international standing is hanging in the balance. Empty threats of 'no deals' must be dropped to start proper negotiations!  
Unlike most Remainers, I could forgive Labour for not openly opposing Brexit. (I agree there’s some tricky electoral arithmetic.) What I can’t forgive is desperately avoiding the subject: they should be saying, “Regardless of how you voted, this govt is making a hash of Brexit.”  
Just had a very chilly vision of the near future. You know how the millenium dome was this weird tulpa of New Labour, like a sort of needless monument to the political zeitgeist in 1998? Well, what if May's government does the same, in a dismal attempt to shore up Brexit? 
Thread that’s a depressing summary of where we are with Brexit.Remainer: [proves how Brexit has already made us poorer and the future looks grim]Leaver: I could not give a shit. 
May isn’t going to get any better.  Her Brexit dithering and opaqueness is deliberate and tactical.  Time to have a leader as leader, surely?  
While Brexiters saying LE results are mandate for exactly their clean/hard Brexit, both our and Beebs projection of the swings in key seats suggest differently, would create a Parliament that is rather less likely to support that contention - with LDs/SNP not DUP balance of power 
After Labour helped inflict 10 defeats  on Govt on Brexit in Lords voters know Party is trying  to overturn Brexit 
Hard Brexit will create more social anger than staying put.Those who say questioning the referendum would cause disruption should consider the chaos caused to everyday life by a cliff-edge departure.#StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
The north of Ireland, including Arlene’s own constituency, voted decisively against #BREXIT The DUPs scorched earth alliance with Tory brexiteer fringe puts our economic prosperity & social wellbeing in severe jeopardy  
The Daily Express has nothing to complain about. It is what they campaigned for. If they didn't want  to create a flight crisis then maybe they shouldn't have spread so much migrant hate and promoted the Brexit lies. #DailyExpress #StopBrexit 
Theresa May is 'absolutely DETERMINED' to deliver 'HARD Brexit' in massive Remoaner snub  
Before Brexit I felt part of this country – after casting my final vote in local elections, it feels even less like home  
I see Catholic Church spokesperson Breda O'Brien is in the Irish Times today with yet another opnion piece in favour of a No Vote in May. Let's never forget how Breda  used her platform during the gay marriage referendum in 2015 x #RepealThe8th 
Why does the BBC never interview the remain politicians from Northern Ireland? You know, the ones that actually represent the majority view of the people of Northern Ireland. Foster represents the minority, but is being treated as the leader of the Northern Irish view on Brexit. 
British people should have been allowed to have a referendum on Maastricht, Nice & Lisbon treaties before Sovereignty was given away.#Brexit #EU 
The Lords' "meaningful vote" amendment is simply a device to reverse Brexit by chicanery and would guarantee chaos. No self-respecting MP could possibly vote for it, says @BillCashMP 
Nearly two years since the referendum and the govt still hasn't decided its position on customs, No10 want to further delay the decision to the autumn (by which point any remaining negotiating leverage has disappeared), senior Tories in open warfare on TV. 
Brexit is being allowed to drift. Theresa May must stop fudging it or voters will turn against her, warns @oflynnmep 
I remember this Brexit when it used to lock up the swings in the parks on a Sunday so the children could contemplate their sinfulness without the distraction of moving backwards and forwards  
Oh, for a PM or Opposition Leader with real courage, who'd tell the people the absolute truth about Brexit & it's dire consequences.Honestly putting the people first... not party, ideals, or career. 
Theresa May needs to step up her game on Brexit. My latest piece for Brexit Central  
What I am asking is for you to engage with the reality of Brexit which you can find here   -  the loss off growth, decline in manufacturing, food price rises, threat to creative industries and risk to car makers. But all you do is fly off the handle. 
#piersmorgan hits out at the same old pro-#Euro campaigners banging on about #Europe & explains why we must now get on #Brexit. “We had a #referendum. Everybody had a chance to have their say and we voted democratically to #leave.”  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  A Bank Holiday is a great opportunity to sign & retweet a petition to abolish the House of Lords. It stands at 150,250 RETWEET  
Unusually happy after watching #marr. @ayeshahazarika made several excellent points about Labour's performance in #LocalElections2018 in the paper review, followed by @johnmcdonnellMP, who was brilliant on Labour's Brexit strategy  & local elections. AND the Sun is shining!  
Should UK leave the Customs Union? - Brexit: Theresa May insists UK will leave customs union  #customsunion RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
"If David Cameron had not been a monoglot, maybe Britain would not have found itself in a Brexit nightmare. Just a thought."Haha, wonderful piece on the need for multilingual leaders and, above all, a change of attitude to languages by @AgnesCPoirier :) 
"This gvt would help its recruits from UKIP by thanking them for their vote & ignoring their views"4 yrs on from his Clacton article Parris sounds like a sad broken record. Your voice counts but only if it sounds like hisAnd then we wonder why Brexit 
Treasonous Neocon Globalist Theresa May is deliberately sabotaging #BrExit for the Globalist BankersTheresa May voted to Remain - she has ALWAYS been ANTI UKMay should be in jail for War Crimes, Corruption & Treason (supporting al-Qaeda & ISIS terrorists)#marr 
On 13.12.17 Labour MPs were whipped to vote for Heidi Alexander’s amendment to  Withdrawal Bill, which would’ve secured an #EEA-based Brexit. So why is our front bench now saying that Lab Lords will be whipped to vote against the Alli amendment???#baffled. 
Here is my Long Read on this very topic car industry, explaining just in time and Brexit from months ago #brexitforensics - all still stands 
@GregClarkMP quite right, making the case clearly and yes, passionately, for a Brexit that protects existing jobs and future investment #marr 
Just listen to the People’s Chancellor @johnmcdonnellMP absolutely nails Brexit “traditional British compromise respect the vote but stay close to the customs union and the single market” #marr 
Before brexit 99.99% of people had never heard of the Customs Union, and now it’s claimed we voted to leave it. Just lies. #Marr 
I know people who have lost their jobs this week.They lost them because the business is contracting.This is due to the market contracting.This is due to #BrexitReal working people being harmed.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Imagine if there was a political leader who respected long-term peace in Europe more than a narrow result of a referendum that based on lies. Brexit was a game of political Jenga to save Cameron's career and we're told we have to sit and watch the tower collapse in slow-motion. 
We need to have a national referendum on the definition of a food “platter” cos there’s too many restaurants peddling this clownery  
Alastair Campbel: "Though the Tories will be seen as Brexit’s architect, Labour will be its bricklayer, and history is harsh when the house comes tumbling down."#FBPE 
What use is sovereignty when MPs deny their conscience over Brexit?  
The reason why we have never embraced being European: we do not bear the scars of WW2 as others. Only Channel Islands occupied. Brexit is an act of selfishness. A betrayal of love thy neighbour. An insult to those who gave their lives for their neighbours. 
Arlene Foster is right not to regard Barnier as a honest broker.The #EU is trying to manufacture & weaponise a border issue that almost no-one on either side of it wants to create, in order to try & stop Brexit.Disgracefully assisted by Varadkar.#Marr 
unionists don't give a fyck about anything other than their arrogant ignorant views...#Scotland #NorthernIreland both voted #REMAIN...@scotgov needs to take Scotland out of this suicide cult called the uk political union...#brexit 
Economist Brexit editor threatening to leave the country in a huff.  Do you really imagine that the Economist’s analysis of Brexit has been as calm and rational as it might have been?  
The scariest thing is the way even the most devoted Leavers won't defend Brexit with any reasoned arguments for its supposed benefits. They simply say, "We're doing it."So they essentially accept that there are no benefits. 
The voice of the closed minded and intolerant Corbynista. They have taken over the @UKLabour party and are driving the Brexit agenda. You want proof?   
I’m jot instinctively opposed to a second EU referendum but before we commit we would need to get an answer to - what happens when/if Scotland overwhelmingly votes to remain ‘again’ and the rest of UK votes to leave? 
As campaigning kicks off before #Burundi’s referendum, more violence can be expected, with Burundians increasingly in the dark. But even with all radio stations shut, crimes will ultimately be reported+those responsible eventually brought to justice. @hrw  
After 2 years, PM still doesn’t understand Brexit or its power dynamics. She could have begun and ended with ‘has to be accepted by EU’. EU, including Ireland, have already, repeatedly, dismissed customs partnership. If that’s still all May’s offering, she’s toast- and so are we.  
I think if you were served brexit in a restaurant, you'd send it back. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been systematically vilifying Pro-EU MPs and Judges in a big way - in order to force through his ultra-Hard Brexit. These aren't the actions of a democrat... #Marr  #Ridge 
Some thoughts on British foreign policy post-Brexit. We have no freehold on a seat at the top table, and will have influence in proportion to the contribution we make: which will need to be much more than at present!  via @prospect_uk 
1. He backs #Brexit. He backs this; all versions R hard.He ignores 3/4 of his membership in favour of 37% of voters 26.5% of the Ppl & falling. He denies a Democratic #FinalSay in the Autumn with a #StopBrexit option...#FairVote #PeoplesVote 
" ... unless someone exercises serious leadership soon, there is quite possibly going to be an almighty political and social crisis."Don't expect #Brexit leadership from May or #Corbyn. They simply do not have it in them.  
The only reason the Tories survived disaster was the UKIP collapse otherwise the news headlines would have been a lot different !!..BUT @jeremycorbyn your performance was poor...Time to get off the fence and put "STOP BREXIT" in your manifesto !!  #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
So, @JeremyCorbyn has defied the #Labour whip over 400 times. Time for today’s MPs to follow their leader’s example: VOTE ONLY IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST. Defy the whip - Stop Brexit & save our country! (It’s what Jezza would have done!) #ofoc #waton #fbpe 
Remember when the Corbynista attacked the PLP for abstaining on the Welfare Bill or the Immigration Bill? This is far worse - it’s handing the Tories a hard Brexit, that will hurt the poorest in society, without any opposition. Corbyn is now a Tory Brexiter in all but name.  
Brexit: Theresa May insists UK will leave customs union  
Nearly 100,000 marched for Scottish independence yesterday in Glasgow and, with Scotland facing a Brexit that it didn't vote for, putting a second independence referendum high on the political agenda. #AUOB@ScotNational collected pictures tweets & videos:  
Brexit will cause more social anger than staying put  Today’s Observer column 
So Jewish Community voted Tory because they’re incensed about Jeremy Corbyn’s handling of antisemitism & delivered a boost for Hard Brexit leaning Govt delivering policies for Windrush & immigrants that has a hint of pre-war Germany about them, & we know where that went @SkyNews 
I am the domino that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples, that topples Brexit  
So #FBPE folk. Aside from over turning a democratically held referendum result and getting more followers ... once you overturn Brexit - what are your policies say on .. education, housing, community cohesion, local democracy, the economy, austerity? Convince me 
Hard Brexit will create more social anger than staying put | William Keegan  
The most dangerous loser in British politics. Farage calls for a referendum 'on the abolition of the House of Lords'  
Arch Brexiter Jacob Rees-Mogg has dismissed the overwhelming evidence that Brexit will be a disaster by blaming it on the civil servants. But it is Rees-Mogg himself who is playing fast with the truth  #marr #ride 
Me to Taxi driver yesterday “Did you manage to miss the march”Taxi Driver “I don’t understand why they had it, I mean they had their referendum so that should be that”Me “Some match last weekend huh?”The rest of the journey was comfortably silent 
If there is a Brexit, there will be a Scexit from the UK. With justification.  
"THE GREAT EU TRANSITION CON-TRICK" - Why should UK keep paying for years when EU hasn't even committed itself to the projects yet? Full exclusive #Brexit story:  
People likely to vote No in the coming referendum fall into three categories: those who aren't aware of what the British state is doing to Scotland; those who know but don't care; and those who actively support the anti-democratic British Nationalist project. #Referendum2018 
I’m wearing a suit whilst carrying an Aldi shopping bag full of cider. I actually look like Brexit. 
This thread is almost making me a full throated supporter of Brexit. Patronising. Malicious. Nasty.  
This isn’t the story of one of us. It’s the story of thousands of us.  Before Brexit I felt part of this country – after casting my final vote in local elections, it feels even less like home  
I see JC is being accused of cowardice over Brexit this morning. Just remind me again, who created this mess, who had the brilliant idea of holding the ref, who daubed lies and emply promises on a bus and who is making a complete arse of negotiations?! Tories, isn't it?! 
The EU believes Theresa May's 'unstable' government could collapse before Brexit  
Hard Brexit will create more social anger than staying putThose who say questioning the referendum would cause disruption should consider the chaos caused to everyday life by a cliff-edge departure#StopBrexit #FBPE  
No questions wanted as Burundi's Pres Nkurunziza uses violence to push through referendum on extending his term, so he bans BBC and VOA.  
This year 4685 Americans have been killed by guns. In the same 4 months  there have been 36 people fatally stabbed in London.Yes Donny @realDonaldTrump guns are safer. And the #tories are kinder and #Brexit is gooder.The politicians of 2018 are more dangerous than any weapon. 
Theresa May is 'absolutely DETERMINED' to deliver 'HARD Brexit' in massive Remoaner snub  
There is now widespread public recognition that the referendum was flawed and that people were not given the relevant facts - too bloody true. U.K. being hijacked by ERG & Legatum Institute. This stupidity has to be stopped  
Dear .@michaelgove Please could you do some more work on the #CambridgeAnalytica & #Brexit Scandal that so needs the country’s attention? Thanks.  
Stop gloating Mr Corbyn.  This was not a victory for you but a protest against Brexit.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Just hit 150,000    Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
By abstaining Labour enables the Tories' Hard Brexit just as clearly as if it was voting for it. Labour delivers the same thing as the Tories - but is less principled about it.  
Because being outspoken about Brexit pays her bills and will do for years to come.Sod the rest of us who will lose from Brexit.  She’s like a Brexit performing sea lion.  
As Ben Bradshaw says, there is a chance to stop Brexit.The majority of people in the UK don’t want to continue with it.Our current deal has what citizens want- it’s never been well explained. Time for politicians to argue for No Brexit at all.  
'Absolute determination': May vows to deliver Brexit without customs union  
Neither HE Uhuru nor any other politician in Kenya has the mandate of WE the people to agitate for a constitutional change even through a referendum. To the best of my knowledge constitutional changes were not part of JUBILEE's manifesto when it sought the vote of WE the people! 
Daily Mail comment; "Home Sec was a banker advising on tax avoidance, Health minister owing money to the tax man, PM's husband being investigated for financial interests in Brexit. Then we wonder why Corbyn, the man with the lowest expenses claims looks so honest and trustworthy" 
Hard to think of more gainful employment right now than speaking out and protesting against Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Why don't Brexit supporting liars get sacked for lying?  
This is Brextremist Nutter Julia Hartley-Brewer's response to the horrendous £300 billion negative swing in foreign investment flows since the Brexit vote. pic.twitter.com/3JdKOzU9Aq 
Problem is that ‘Hard Brexit’ can’t be delivered without undermining GFA & plunging UK manufacturing & UK economy into crises never seen in modern times. Sad irony is that Tories’ wild & fantastical overselling of Brexit, combined with May’s idiotic ‘Red Lines’, will kill Brexit  
I would argue that denying the vote to 3,000,000+ EU citizens living in UK is an equally serious matter. That they are allowed to vote in council elections but denied the vote for a referendum that will change their status like nothing else in 40+ years? I don’t understand it! 
Fintan O’Toole: Brexit resurrects the English cult of heroic failure  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
10 elements to help you protect and manage #cyberattacks.#cyber #onlinesecurity #infosec #data #databreach #hacking #risk #security #privacy #gdpr #brexit #IoT #InternetOfThings #AI #infographic #cyebrsec #cybersecurity #infosecjobs #Online #digital 
Brexit: banging the drum - even if the UK drops out of the EU without a deal, that does not prevent at a later date our reapplying to join Efta/EEA. This is why it is important to keep banging the drum. Failure doesn't have to be permanent...  #Brexinfo. 
Early voting results show the Royse City ISD Bond Referendum passing by 80%. #RCISDJoy 
Brexit: Rebel Tories say they have enough MPs to push Theresa May into staying in the EU Single Market – if Labour backs it.Let your MP and @uklabour know you want to #Remain in the Single Market - and the EU. 
The "SNP must prioritise EuropeRef2 over Indyref2" story by Paul Hutcheon is such a silly red herring.  Regardless of whether the SNP support a second EU referendum or not, there isn't going to be one.  That's why Indyref2 is needed. 
I’ve just turned 38 in the last 20 mins. By the time I’m 39 we’ll have stopped Brexit. Keep on fighting.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit 
It's only a matter of time before the knives come out to stab the May in the back and the Brexit vultures are queuing in the wings to feed on the scraps. #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
Wouldn't it be glorious if we had a rebellion in Parliament? If Labour & Conservative MPs woke up to the insanity of driving Britain into a downward spiral because of an ill-conceived, tainted, advisory referendum & defied their leaders & actually left their parties en masse? 
This man voted leave partly out of protest & because he thought whatever happened #brexit would not be the result.He now regrets it & is deeply concerned about the affect it will have on the young.He is not wrong and precisely why we must have a #peoplesvote#remainernow 
Everything about #LocalElection2018 proves @jeremycorbyn was 100% correct to respect the Brexit result. While Labour's vote share among Remainers has gone up, they've also managed to keep enough Leavers to remain competitive. The #FBPE brigade don't have a leg to stand on. 
It's at about 150k now. Parliamentary debate June 18th. Nigel Farage and several MP's getting ready to push hard for the referendum. The more signatures, the stronger hand they will all have so please sign if you have not already.  
Another astute comment from @ThatTimWalker . Let's not forget though, if all those Labour MPs who were Remain still see the obvious damage that Brexit is causing, there is nothing that compels them to obey the whip or even stay within the party. Their party left them long ago.  
Why do some people project Brexit as Tory policy as if Tories are to blame for us trying to leave the EU. It's the public's choice and politicians are elected to deliver it. Not an easy task. Labour and LibDems are lucky to be ranting from the sidelines with no responsibility. 
The local election results clearly show a loss of appetite for #brexit.There is NO MANDATE for a #hardBrexit now !British voters have simply changed their mind.They have rejected @ukip and its #NoDeal@Conservatives and @UKLabour must now consider a #StopBrexit option. pic.twitter.com/T6t0LChw7h 
Dear @UKLabour, once again: People are furious at Corbyn for one simple reason.    If May loses her job, Brexit will still happen. If Corbyn loses his, it probably won't. 
When you're unelected and there for life; you don't get to accuse a politician that sits in the Commons of cowardice.  #brexit 
The B&A poll on the referendum in the Sindo tomorrow: Yes 45 (-18)No 34 (+10)Undecided 18 (+5)Last poll was in mid February... 
Make no mistake. Brexit would not have got this far without Jeremy Corbyn!#fbpe #abtv #StopBrexit 
Bellew wore trunks that were blue with gold stars. Haye wore the Union Jack. I need to check the Queensbury rules but I think this reverses Brexit. 
No whip.This is the story.#Labour#Brexit 
On 5th place is the  UNITED KINGDOM with 474 points! Way higher than in the actual contest. What hurt them IRL? Was it Brexit?  
#HayeBellew2 looks like brexit negotiations  
Brexit battle here , Bellew with the EU shorts Haye with the Union Jack #HayeBellew2 
Is this Haye vs Bellew or Leave vs remain? #HayeBellew2 #Brexit  
Kate you seem to be endorsing Conservative party policy. You do know that your are a Labour M.P. right?You do know that Brexit will make people poorer,mean fewer services,further privatisation of the N.H.S., that most of our party don’t want Brexit?Do you think you should go?  
I know globalisation is an incredible challenge but I honestly think there’s some great politicians in this country we just have to be free of T May and the pro austerity, pro Brexit Faction of the Tory party and the pro brexit,far left faction in the Labour Party. 
It's ironic that the leader of the Labour Party, although a lifelong republican, remains silent over the House of Lords going against the will of the majority who voted for Brexit. Seems he puts his principles to one side when the end justifies the means to reverse Brexit. 
Okay Mick,  I used to support Corbyn until he whipped his MPs to vote with the Tories on Brexit.  
Fantastic to join the independence march in Glasgow earlier. The crowds were immense and the atmosphere was electric, and folk were really energised about campaigning for our next independence referendum. Thanks to everyone who said hello!  
Sun on Sunday doing a story about Lords who voted for the EU & another referendum. Trying to link it the fact that as ex MEPS we receive a contributory pension. I hold to my principles not becos of a pension but becos I believe them. To suggest otherwise is a travesty of truth. 
Parliament should reject Brexit game-playing and accept the country’s decision 
Labour peers accuse Corbyn of Brexit cowardice  
Today showed me one thing. If this is the swell of support when many ordinary people are heart roasted with politics, this was basically a social media advertised gig, & no active referendum campaign running, what can we do when it's "Game on"?#Scotref #YouYesYet  
This deserves the support from all pro-EU folk, whatever their party allegiance (including none).All routes to stopping Brexit require this change to happen.  
Today I went to the cinema (back row, very discreet, don’t want to freak people out) and I realized that Brexit has only started its Infinity War and is stuck on Knowhere looking for the Reality stone 
Dear Labour Remainers, please do everything you can to ensure that Labour backs this. Brexit: Rebel Tories say they have enough MPs to push Theresa May into staying in single market – if Labour backs it. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
8% of this audience thought the answer was ‘Intestines’. And the government thought they could trust us to make the best decision in a referendum... ‘Intestines.’  #whowantstobeamillionaire 
Jeremy Corbyn warned he could keep Labour out of office for another decade if he fails on Brexit 
Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords149,743 signatures Sign Petition. 
European Economic Area (EEA) + Customs Union would be Brexit variant closest to “exact same benefits” test set out by @Keir_Starmer, which is why frontbench backed it in Commons in December. Surely it would be ludicrous if this isn’t also case with Lords EEA vote this Tuesday? 
Lawyers for Britain's Gunnar Beck on the folly of ECJ jurisdiction after Brexit – and how to avoid it. 
Just as I predicted. Now Tories have effectively backed down over CU, their next capitulation will be the single market. In the end, if there's a Brexit at all (and it's increasingly pointless except for face-saving) it will be a non-Brexit Brexit. But why save so ugly a face?  
Remember the tweet below.When you lose your job, when your firm cuts back. when the economy stalls @JuliaHB1 knew all along - she just doesnt give a damm.The #Brexit talking heads will be fine, their antiEU nationalism media work will sail on for years -even as rest of us pay.  
With 2 years gone and 6 months left to go, how many of these #Brexit items can the UK cross off its todo list?759 deals worldwideIrish borderNew customs facilitiesIsotopes to supply cancer patientsOpen skies agreementNew medicines agencyNew banking agencyFor a starters. 
French Ambassador to US scorns his British counterpart by telling him that in 1815 the British burned down the White House. Our ambassador corrects him by saying we did that in 1814. In 1815 we won the battle of Waterloo. They should put him in charge of the Brexit negotiations. 
It is the responsibility of Labour to represent the interests of working people. That is not the same as representing how they  voted in a referendum. Brexit is not in the interests of working people and Labour have a duty to educate those that were duped and oppose it. 
The former head of the Home Office has said that he is “very worried” about the ability of his old department to register more than 3m EU citizens currently living in Britain after Brexit."It could take years to process all of the applications" he says 
Sigh.I love this clip.Never ever tire of watching it.If only someone could have said something like this pre referendum.#stopBrexit#FBPE 
Born between June 1999 and June 2000? You could be in line for a free EU-sponsored travel pass for this summer. But there is only one on offer for every 372 British 18-year-olds. And after Brexit, the deal is off. 
Brexit: Rebel Tories say they have enough MPs to push Theresa May into staying in single market – if Labour backs it  
Southerners supporting the present political setting must know that head or tail, the of base of political power in NGR is the north.The only way to change this is via a referendum or restructuring.Southerners talking of 2023 need services of psycho doctors. 
If I had zero integrity and wanted to damage any campaign to stop Brexit, I would argue for Brexit in the most racist and illogical terms imagibable.Remainers would then treat all Brexit-voters like racist idiots, making rational progressive dialogue impossibleDon't fall for it 
So Brexit is Labour’s ‘message of hope’, and Labour’s policy of aiding the Tories with Brexit is ‘popular with the electorate’. It’s not popular with the Labour membership, however. But that’s just ‘sniping’.  
The Trump era and the Brexit era for the Tories has been a drunken night out with their far-right friends. The pubs and clubs are closing now, tempers will be lost and there will be bloodshed in the streets. True colours are coming out. Never get pissed with Steve Bannon  
Today we tried out our new Brexitometer at the #BathforEurope street stall.  Bathonians think: Brexit is bad for the NHS, economy and our standing in the world; negotiations are going badly; and we should have a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. #StopBrexit 
Right now, @jeremycorbyn is "doing a Nigel". From his own words he wants a #HardBrexit - After calling for the immediate trigger of #Article50 he's letting the #Brexit process go without contructive opposition so litterally Billions of Pounds are being wasted on the process.   
like pulling teeth but this is not going away sunny or no sunny Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now over 149.650 and still climbing. Be a part of History and sign for a referendum to abolish the House of Lords who are a drain on hard-working peoples pockets. 
If there's one thing that would make you delete your Twitter for good it's an Irish Referendum  
"We are broadly pro European, anti Brexit. We are broadly anti populism  and nationalism, anti Putin’s populist nationalist authoritarianism  which Trump seems to be trying to emulate. We are pro science in the  debate on climate change."  
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
Proven liar and #FBPE pin-up boy Alastair Campbell says Corbyn's Labour should be thrashing the Tories. The truth is, Labour are thrashing the Tories with Remainers. It's with Leavers they're struggling. And what's Campbell's genius solution? Oppose Brexit. Yeah, that'll work. 
Mr Dunbar, as well as being a long time BNP organiser, and leading Scottish racist, is best known for kicking a pregnant woman in the stomach during the run-up to the Independence referendum.  
Up to 150,000 young people are yet to register to vote. Lads, there are people flying home from all corners to be a part of this referendum. Get it sorted. It’s very simple#8thRef 
Here is another leave voter who now feels he is better informed about the reality of #Brexit and has changed his mind. He is another #remainernow @SPS_SW11  to you for reassessing and talking about it. You’re far from alone, so many people feel like you. We need a #peoplesvote  
There are more reasons to stay inside EU than to leave. A Tory Brexit that leaves us half in and half out is not an option and hard Brexit as proposed by the Brexit fundamentalists would simply be economic suicide. The only option that is good for Britain is to #StopBrexit 
The referendum is to decide do we want to give politicians the power to introduce abortion on demand without a watchdog when unborn babies will have no human rights. The current CervicalCheck scandal should be a warning to everyone - Politicians cannot be trusted.  Vote NO. 
Here on the whirligig zeitgeist of Brexit solutions to the totally unnecessary problem of the already perfectly-functioning me we’re back to this embarrassing solution for a while  
The marches are getting bigger, the marchers are getting younger and more varied/diverse.  Which is why we will win next referendum.   
The priorities of @ProgressOnline today were saving the country from a hard Tory Brexit, making sure the Tories don’t turn the clock back on hard earned rights & how we empower our town hall leaders and I should know I proudly helped organise the discussions  #PAC18 
Hey', politicians...no one is going to thank you for trashing the country (any more than you already have..and, yes, I mean you @theresa_may ). They are disgusted by #WindrushScandal, disgusted by Trump and disgusted by Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
#PeoplesVote going down a storm in Exeter with soft Leavers and Remainers alike. Rabid Brexiters, characterised by vitriol and threats, were in evidence but the vast majority were a) of the opinion that Brexit is the worst thing that we have ever done ; and b) they expect MPs 
The European Union believes Theresa May's government could fall before Brexit negotiations finish, a leading MEP has suggested.  
@ngw spotted this:The UK is now at the bottom of the EU growth table. But at the top of it is Ireland! Why? Because so many UK businesses are moving and investing there to avoid Brexit!The "Brexit dividend" is really a pot of Leprechaun gold !!!#FBPE 
Congrats to @arizona_sos - a phenomenal public education,  parent driven grassroots movement.  Thanks for the referendum victory!  Hopefully they’ll lead the charge to to defeat Prop 305 VOUCHERS in November.  
Rees-Mogg:Conservative manifesto said we would leave Customs Union & leave Single Market.I believe politicians should implement promises they've given in manifestos.So all I've been doing is encouraging Govt to stick to promises it has made.#Brexit #EU 
John Smith had Labour polling at around 50% when he died. The Tories were a shambles, even though the economy was actually doing ok mid-90s, and the country had had enough of them. House prices were cheap, Employment was improving, No Crashes/Austerity/Brexit/etc to deal with. 
Wonder why they are being so secretive. What do they have to hide except loads of evidence that Brexit is bad for Britain and the fact that they haven't got a clue about what they are doing? It's time to #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
For remoaners, it's all about Britain is too small, too weak, we can't do it...A nation succeeds only when its citizens look to the future not just the past. The EU is our past. Let's work together for a brighter future for a global Britain. You on board?#Brexit  
However long we might have lived in the UK, a few years or maybe decades, Brexit has a profound effect on our sense of belonging. How has it affected you? #InLimbo #the3million #AtHomeInTheUK #Brexit #FBPE 
This is what I keep saying. Those who are financially solid enough to cope with Brexit, don't care about the economic consequences. And they're the ones who convinced the worst-off in society to vote for it.  
Statement from our bishop, Bishop Michael Smith, on the forthcoming referendum on the 8th Amendment. 'A Truly Compassionate Society Values All'. 
Which political party are standing up for the 48% who voted #Remain? #FBPE #Brexit #FinalSay Please RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
Sometimes when the sun comes out you can actually forget Brexit.  
I'll be curating the @Ireland account next week. Examining the abortion referendum from a radical secular humanist perspective & lavishing praise on George Soros. All crawthumpers will be blocked. For "balance."  
Bananas we import are a fifth pricier than they could be!The EU sets this tariff that raises the price so as to help Spain export them cheap.Yet another unnecessary tariff in the 19753 EU tariffsBritain could scrap after leaving EU customs union?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
Before #Brexit I felt part of this country – after casting my final vote in local elections, it feels less like home  
This Leave voters feels betrayed by the broken promises over Brexit.  
Brexit happened because people didn't want to be dictated to by faceless fat cat Brussels bureaucrati. Nor, do we want to be dictated to by useless, self serving politicos & peers we know at Westminster. We want full decent representation of our views. #ParliamentWeCouldDoBetter 
Former minister and MP Justine Greening is right. Her Tory party has lost touch with voters & is fuelling division. She knows Brexit will damage UK too, especially the poorest in society. What more do smart Tories need to know to jump ship to Renew? #fbpe 
Calling Scotland.If worst comes to worst do you have room for the many millions of decent folk stuck in #Brexit England?#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
#StopBrexit. 73% of @UKLabour voters think leaving is wrong. The majority of all voters, in every poll consistently since last August, think leaving is wrong. Any brexit is demonstrably damaging & costing billions already. £21m at HO alone.  
Brexit is dying a long and painful death. But it will keep on dividing until the bitter end. 
We now have a Cabinet containing a #Brexit team that hates Europeans, a Health Secretary who hates the #NHS, a DWP Secretary who hates benefit claimants and a Foreign Secretary who hates foreigners.What a joke.#fbpe #BrokenBritain #WATON 
"A step backward, after making a wrong turn, is a step in the right direction." - Kurt Vonnegut.Demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. 
to @UKLabour and coHas it sunk in you that you will never win a general election without the support of the Remainers and a large number of Scottish MPsShouting and insulting the remainers does and will not workIf you fail to oppose brexit, this is 100% your fault, not ours 
Remain MPs say Govt must 'give and take'. What they mean is we should give in and give up!Britain has given enough in the 'negotiations', now is the time for some take: take back control of our laws, our trade policy?That's what Britons voted for?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
You’re in denial. Days after a Home Sec resigns Windrush  and row over  Brexit and yet Labour  lose ground  
You say @piersmorgan that you wouldn’t demand a replay of a football match because your team lost, like you won’t demand a 2nd referendum. You might if it transpired that the other team cheated. #BrexitShambles #BrexitLies 
Jaguar Land Rover blamed Brexit for 'slump' that has seen them cut 1k jobs"The fact JLR blamed Brexit for this instability speaks volumes & I hope that the Gov takes notice of the struggles of one of 's greatest brands & export” says @vincecable 
There now seems to be a growing sense in the Irish media/polity that Brexit talks are heading for a car crash:  
Stoke wanted Brexit, now they've got it. When all their foreign players move to better clubs, they'll be stuck with Mark Smith. A left back from Morecambe as their top scorer with 3 goals.  
The march has shown something absolutely critical to the whole nature of the referendum debate. That is: if Nicola Sturgeon calls for one, and it's refused by the British state, people will be willing to mobilise on a mass basis in defence of Scottish democracy. 
Let's have a bit of honesty @theresa_may. In the referendum 37% voted to leave, 36% voted to stay, 27% were silent. What have you done in the last 2 years to look after the interests of the #Remainers and the #Silent. We are jointly the majority. Why do you ignore our us? 
If there's one thing we can all agree on, it's holding politicians to account.Brexiteers promised us £350m a week more for the NHS.That's a rise of 15% a year, or £18.2bn extra.Where is it?TIME FOR THE TORIES TO COME CLEAN ON BREXIT.PUT UP OR SHUT UP.#PeoplesVote 
Say what you want about demonstrations - but today's independence march was a massive show of power. Not called by any party or union, but mobilised for by  ordinary people. It will have a political impact on the debate about the referendum as a result. 
Brexit defence narrative was always bizarre. EU’s common security and defence policy was brainchild of UK/French governments. No member state could ever be compelled to join an EU mission. Meanwhile, after Brexit, UK will contribute resources but without making any decisions.  
#Facebook's new transparency tool is a bust: Torrents of fake news, anonymous ads, and bogus accounts are spreading unchecked on the eve of Ireland abortion referendum – VICE News  
This is excellent. Lots of crunchy detail. Detail aside, underscores difficulty of separating out economic & defence/security aspects of Brexit. And, of course, fact that Galileo was not once (so far as I know) mentioned during the Referendum. Still, will of the people etc ...  
Because you're terrified of another referendum. 
“A Truly Compassionate Society Values All Life” - Statement by Bishop Michael Smith on the forthcoming referendum  @Chooselife2018 @dioceseofmeath #ChooseLife 
An hour into my drive to North Wales (campaign reasons) I've realised I don't have my bank card with me.When new information came to light that showed that my time in this new location would be economically unsustainable, I swallowed my pride and I've turned around. #Brexit  
About two-thirds of Ireland's trade will soon be with English-speaking countries outside the EU. So Ireland, why not stop playing the victim, stop trying to stop #Brexit and work on for the mutual national interests of our two island nations?#CCA 
I voted Remain, my rights should be respected too.No-one knew what they were voting for when they voted to leave.We know because terms of brexit are still not determined. 
Trump can't stop lying, whether it's dictating a fraudulent doctor's letter or claiming that London hospitals are war zones that would be made safer by guns.Naturally, this man is a hero to #Brexit liars like Nigel Farage & Arron Banks. 
Endless pro-independence demos remind voters that the threat of another divisive referendum is still very real. They say to swing voters: 'Go on, vote SNP for more childcare and no fees but just remember what our top priority will be when we get back in.'  
That would be the best dividend to the people of Britain in many decades. Hard Brexit now!  
I posted this as a joke last year. Nearly a year on little did I think my Hotel California Brexit would be coming a reality. It must be fought off.  
Election rules oblige #Turkish channels to offer equal airtime to parties...but they flout the rules. Before presidential referendum last year, AKP granted 83 hours in news bulletins, CHP 17, MHP 14.5, HDP 33 minutes. Today suggests it’ll be no different. @cnnturk @ntv @Haberturk 
.@nickynoo007 and @grrrahh talking about how to stop Brexit with @catherinemep. Brexit is not a done deal. #FinalSayForAll #peoplesvote 
And then there is the less extreme unionists doing their own thing. The Tories come together, a sea of white and mostly middle aged men, celebrating the rape clause, nukes, austerity and Brexit.  
My 15 year old is concerned that the #yes posters are not strong enough to sway people in the referendum. We’ve discussed ideas. An airport queue with women of different ages & states with a stamped “for export” on it met with his approval. #repealth8th #posters #loveboats 
We all have our own views on this referendum, there really is no need for such horrendous bullying behaviour From #loveboth and #savethe8th campaigners.#repealthe8th @Together4yes 
If anybody tries to tell you there's no demand for a new referendum after today you are officially allowed to call them a dribbling bladder. #Referendum2018 
@RuthDavidsonMSP is this what you meant when you said there's no appetite for another referendum? Imagine if every indi supporter had turned up.. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "All I've been doing - and other members of the European Research Group have been doing - is encouraging the government to stick to the promises it has made." #Brexit  
Campbell is absolutely right here. Labour should change tack on Brexit NOW, declare it will ONLY back it if ‘exact same benefits’ accrue from negotiations - as Davis et al promised. Let’s also see adoption of ‘Tough on Brexit, tough on causes of Brexit’  
The 2018 midterm election SHOULDN'T be a referendum on Trump. It SHOULD be a referendum on the weak ass House & Senate Republicans who roll over for Trump like well-trained poodles. #Toadies #Traitors #Enablers#FliptheHouse #FliptheSenate #GOTV #UniteBlue #BlueWave2018 #AMJoy 
Sadly, because of Brexit, this is the only year British teenagers will benefit from this. Take advantage of it, if you can!  
If I weren't a native Brit, by now, I would be gone from these shores. But this is my home and I will fight #Brexit until my last breath. #FBPE 
Theresa May's 'unstable' government could collapse before Brexit, say MEPs.If so, that could pave the way for MPs to call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Rather than knocking @campbellclaret,don't you think your time would be better spentarguing against #brexit and saving Derby from massive job losses ??? Or, are you one of those #disasterSocialists waitingto inherit the #brexitshambles from the #disasterCapitalists ??? 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  149,332 Signatures counting up to 150,000 Signatures to abolish the House of Lords. RETWEET NOW  
John Redwood:Message for Govt is clear.People want Govt to get on & see #Brexit through quickly & cleanly.To take back control of our borders, money, laws, fish & trade.Little sympathy for Remain cries to delay & recreate much of #EU we are Leaving. 
The only conceiveable reason to oppose a #PeoplesVote is if you think you'd lose it. Which means you think the people don't want #Brexit. Which is admitting it's not the will of the people, and people want to #StopBrexit. Which is admitting that #Brexit is undemocratic. 
Remember when Brexiters told us Brexit would improve UK trade - turns out that was a lie as well  
Labour fails to win Wandsworth by 200 votes. Renew volunteers deliver tens of thousands of leaflets in Wandsworth saying don’t vote for Labour because they back hard Brexit. Go figure. #fbpe #le2018 #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
The truth about #Brexit, here in black and white on the front page of today's Daily @Telegraph. The #willofthepeople is to #StopBrexit. Let's honour that.#PeoplesVote #WATON #FBPE #VoteEU 
Does this help? Labour members poll: over 75 per cent of want vote on Brexit deal and to stay in single market and customs union -   
This is whinging #brexit quitling Robert Kimbell @redhotsquirrel.He's like a drunk driver caught speeding an uninsured car with no MOT... and trying to explain to the police    "why his neighbours are somehow complicit in his poor decision-making"#StopBrexitSaveBritain pic.twitter.com/BRWcN5F6Jw 
The EU Commission, an unelected organ, threatens to cut funds to countries in Europe which refuse their diktats. Instead of learning from the electoral and referendum results in Europe showing increasing public discontent, the EU is deciding to double down.  
Read this. Read it all. Then you see with complete clarity why Brexit is so utterly stupid, pointless, wasteful, idiotic & damaging. And that’s at best!  
Thanks to Olivia Mitchell, @oliviamitchelo, former FG TD, who came out on our local canvass with us today. She voted NO in the last referendum and she says putting it into the Constitution was a “huge mistake”. She explains why we need to vote Yes #8thRef 
It's time for me to move on from the Labour party I think. I don't appear to fit anymore, however I suspect there may be more like me.We will be the cause of future hung parliaments. Maybe this will drive political change.#FBPE #StopBrexit #BREXIT 
"Cambridge Analytica and SCL have at least 18 active companies, branches & affiliates with similar names, based in the UK & US. The complex relationship among these companies makes it very difficult to understand how revenues, employment & data are shared" 
Andrea was very close to becoming PM. If she had won the vote I imagine Brexit would be running a lot quicker and a lot less problematic! 'I'm an unashamed Brexiteer!'  
Leave voters trusted the Tories with their vote. Failure to deliver a Clean Brexit would have serious electoral consequences! 
My latest article, for @guardian@carolecadwalla @annmarlowe @ZarinaZabrisky @profcarroll @brexit_sham @J_amesp @submergingmkt @peterjukes @leahmcelrath @dcpoll @Delavegalaw @grantstern @KevinGHall @pasternack @lrozen @NatashaBertrand @traciemac_Bmore @RVAwonk @FranklinFoer 
Unelected unacountable snout in the trough gravy train, this sums up the EU. #Brexit 
Labour did brilliantly in London - a Remain voting area.Labour ended Tory rule in Trafford. Trafford voted Remain.Labour won Plymouth. It voted LeaveLabour won Kirklees. It voted LeaveWhy are people seeing these results through the prism of the  European referendum? 
It's nearly redundant to point out how good @tconnellyRTE's Brexit reporting is, but this piece is particularly indispensable  
I know its sunny but 149,254 is a frustrating time for me STEP UP you brave souls & SIGN Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords   
#AllUnderOneBannerHoped for: 40,000Police estimated actual attendance: 90,000No one wants independence or even a referendum, we're told...Don't think so!Unable to attend myself due to ongoing family commitments, I'm with you all in spiritSaor Alba#AUOB #FBSI 
Let me translate what Owen Jones is really saying: "I've dropped my opposition to Brexit because Corbyn wants Brexit. If he changes his mind, I will too."  
Under Ed Miliband, Labour tied itself in knots on immigration. Under Jeremy Corbyn it's doing the same with Brexit.  
Lots of support for those campaigning to legalise abortion in Ireland in May’s referendum at today’s pro-choice rally in London.  
#ThankEU @Labour4EU and @Remain_Labour and good luck with this.Labour has to change it’s stance on Brexit!  
We're delighted to be launching a major campaign on Monday with @Remain_Labour and activists from across our movement.Our aim is to change our Party position to represent the views of the vast majority of Labour people, to stand against Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote 
Nicky (@nickynoo007)  from @FinalSayForAll raising awareness of those whose lives have been turned upside down by Brexit without even being allowed a vote at #EUopenDay 
Some useful term translations for the Irish Abortion Referendum #AbortionRefFakenews: any factual statement from Prolife campaigners.Journalist: abortion campaigner paid by a media organisation.Care: killing infants.Compassion: legislating for the killing of infants. 
Burundi announces ban on BBC, Voice of America (VOA), and two national broadcasters, ahead of crucial referendum to extend presidential term limits 
Blow for Brussels, Italy may have Euro referendum!  So should MERKEL ‘S Germany.  And France and the rest. Only the Leaders are Suicidal!     #fo2eu 
Labour members should have a say on Brexit. Sign the petition  
The time for independence is now. 10,000s of people marching in the streets of Glasgow agree that we are #ReadyToGo now. There should be a referendum within the next 18 months #auob 
Yes - some Tory MPs are now seeing that this is going to end as the most extreme #brexit ever - or be stopped. There is no middle ground.#ThankEU to the ones that are standing up against this now!#FBPE 
This is superb. I can't think of any other journalist writing with such clarity and acuity about Brexit (here, specifically, on the 'customs partnership' row and what it means).  
Call me an old cynic Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn but 'historic gains' last year did not see you in Number 10. Mrs May @theresa_may suffered historic losses, all at the hands of Remain voters who you continue to choose to ignore. You are winning nothing until you oppose Brexit.  
There shall be an independence referendum. I like that! Let’s have it sooner rather than later. #VoteYES #Bettertogetout 
Priests’ group calls for end to referendum campaigners speaking at Massvia @IrishTimes 
My twopennyworth on The Local Election results and Brexit. Latest blog post just up:  
Brexit in human form. +1300  
If I'd voted for Brexit, I would be FURIOUS.Every promise that was made has pushed the country in the exact opposite direction. 
Brexit won the referendum by getting more votes. The BBC ignores the votes & pretends the other side won. Hence the 4:1 packed panels to discuss all Brexit issues. There is something very wrong abut this  
#TonyBenn on what he thought of #Heath and #Parliament's activities in 1972 taking us into the #EEC.... #Brexit  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives @theresa_may #ConservativeParty #UK #Tories #MPs #PM #Labour #LabourParty @UKLabour 
The real political momentum today is with Brexit. It is Brexit, not Corbynism, that has shaken up British politics and radicalised political discussion:  
On way to Lincoln on my Brexit listening tour  
China and US face up for a destructive trade war. Meanwhile Johnson and co interpret neck and neck poll plus strong LibDem showing as vote for Hard Brexit. No it wasn’t. It was a vote against Hard Brexit softened by distrust of Corbyn. Britain is wising up. Will it be too late? 
Yesterday I had to teach my students, in under 3 hours, what the EU was and why #Brexit was happening. It seemed like an impossible task. Then I found this MEP had done it in 2 minutes. This is very important. Please watch and RT.  
On Thursday, the Lib Dems and Greens made gains at local level - proof that pro-EU support is growing stronger every day. To all those who voted, and who campaign noisily & tirelessly against Brexit, #ThankEU#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Suns out buns out! #SummerIsHere #UK #Brexit   
Lord Stoddart blasts the Lords' recent attempts to frustrate Brexit: “It’s not been a scrutiny, it’s actually been a filibuster. Those of us who are appalled at their behaviour have refused to speak in the debates."   
Burundi announces ban on BBC and Voice of America (VOA) ahead of crucial referendum on presidential term limits  
The UK, Canada, Malaysia, Australia, Singapore & New Zealand have combined GDPs of $6.5trn and a total population of 170 million. All are high GDP per capita PPP countries. We could plan a Free Trade Area between us, post-Brexit, as the first step toward a Commonwealth-wide one. 
“This Peers vs the People power grab confirms, almost beyond caricature, the thesis that helped Brexit win - that the EU is a project belonging to an arrogant elite” Charles Moore bang on in @Telegraph today. 
My 13 y/o’s take on current political situation in the uk“I like @UKLabour s policies and everything but I just don’t like @jeremycorbyn I mean all the youngsters that voted for him don’t want #Brexit but he does. It doesn’t make any sense”I agree! 
Britain is backing French plan to create a European military intervention force as a way to maintain strong defence ties with the EU after Brexit, junior minister tells AFP  
The Battle for Brexit is coming to a tumultuous head this summer HELP SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGN TO #SaveBritainsFishProudly wear a t-shirt or fly the flag to show support --> #TakingBackControl #CoastalCommunitiesCount 
Superb article by @RositaBoland in today's @IrishTimes, incredible honesty by Ricky McDonnell. With the referendum on the horizon, this needs to be read for an insight into the damage that has been done to girls & women in Ireland over the years.  
Here's a graph for you, Julia. It shows investment flows since 2005. Note the trends on the right. If Brexit happens the way you want, never mind California- we'll be competing with Micronesia.  
Very considered statement from the Assoc of Catholic Priests: Group calls for end to referendum campaigners speaking at Mass. ACP says practice would be regarded by some Catholics as ‘an abuse of the Eucharist’ #ItsTime #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
Petition to have a referendum to abolish the H of Lords now in 7th place in  the list of Petitions with the highest signatures. Let's aim for number 1  
The EU is dying – let’s bid it farewell  #Brexit 
Head to  to support the fight to give Labour members a say on Brexit 
Referendum is our chance to show moral courage | Irish Examiner  I would urge people to read this article it sums the tragic realities facing women and young girls everyday in Ireland. @Togetherforyes #repealthe8th  Compassion and care for  Irish women 
EU Customs Union means nearly 20,000 taxes!Hurts the poor within the Customs UnionHurts the poor in developing countries:104% on sugar60% on shoes50% on NZ lamb12% on dresses 12% on T-shirts20% on orange juice20% on bananasBonkers! #Brexit #EU 
Theresa May is risking all our futures by chasing a hard Brexit.It’s time for Labour members to have a say. We can make a difference.Sign up to the campaign for a meaningful Brexit vote at Labour party conference this year   
We were brought up by caring loving parents who taught us to think for ourselves, instead of accepting the bull handed down by leftwing media & teachers. #Brexit  
Owen mate, this is getting embarrassing, it's like Man Utd celebrating a 5-4 victory over a team of one legged, blind, part-timers...who only had ten men. The reality is Labour should be slaughtering the Tories at the ballot box and, just as in 2017, they're demonstrably not. 
What no one’s considered in the election analysis is that the Tories won back votes in the pro Brexit areas because their position on Brexit is clear. Labour didn’t,  though many Brexit voters were it’s natural supporters, because its seen as pro remain. 
ITALY: Blow for Brussels as founder of 5 Star Movement proposes referendum on Eurozone membership.“Do people agree with it? Is there a plan B? Do we need or not to leave Euro?” 
May needs to do right thing for country - a clean BrexitRees-Mogg:“There is no margin for us in delivering a soggy #BrexitThis is electoral evidence we needed... our electoral prospects are now entirely tied in with ensuring Brexit is successful.”#EU 
Lib Dems took seats off Labour in Leave areas.In Sunderland there were *massive* swings from Labour to Lib Dem, and in Sheffield we won a ward that was Lab-UKIP previously.The "we can't oppose Brexit because we'd lose Northern seats" excuse has always been nonsense.  
."The former head of the Home Office has said that he is “very worried” about the ability of his old department to register more than 3m EU citizens currently living in Britain after Brexit.". via @financialtimes 
A columnist in today’s Guardian: ‘These are Labour’s best election results since 1971. If you don’t believe that you will never accept that Jeremy is Prime Minister, because he won last year’s election. Well, nearly. And stop trying to stop Brexit; that happened last year too ... 
The #Brexit train arriving at platform 13 this #BankHolidayWeekend. Loaded with empty promises and without purpose. #StopBrexit 
“If @UKLabour’s tests are to mean anything we cannot possibly vote for this hard Tory #Brexit” @campbellclaret at #Pac18 #Brexitshambles #PeoplesVote 
Fear not. If the Tories buy this, we are heading for No Deal. And that won’t get through Parliament, thus opening the way for #PeoplesVote. Irony is that emboldened Brexiters, pushing for Hard/Real Brexit, are now more likely to bring the entire edifice crashing down.  
Piers Morgan:We had a referendum.People had their say & country voted democratically to #LeaveWe're going to a very dangerous place in this country if we go against result of a democratic referendum.I would urge people to be very careful.#Brexit #EU 
Referendum is our chance to show moral courage - great piece by Joyce Fagan. I remember the attacks on Liam Neeson in 2015, all just for voicing @AmnestyIreland video for our #NotACriminal campaign. #ItsTime #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
The result is clearer looked at this way:- Pro Brexit (Con, Lab, UKIP): -95- Remain (Lib Dem, Green): +83- Others: +12#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The European Court of Justice should not adjudicate Treaty rights in post-Brexit Britain   
Despite all the evidence to the contrary, #CambridgeAnalytica's Alexander Nix was at pains to deny any #Brexit involvement when I met him a couple of months ago. Perhaps his new friendship with Boris and the Foreign Office explains why  
They’re the Tony Blairs of this world...#Moggmentum #Brexit  
Anti-Semitism is certainly one big issue for Labour. The other is the leadership’s absurd support of the Tories on Brexit, against 80%+ of Labour supporters, all pro-EU. Corbyn must change or go. “Corbyn criticised by MPs and defeated candidates yesterday” @thetimes 
Scary night for the BBC....Tories and MSM...Wall to wall smearing for 5 weeks and yet on these results...JC in Downing Street....More and more young people turning 18....More and more people coming onto Social Media...Brexit Tory chaos to come...Labour is Winning !!. 
Irish border issue could still lead to the collapse of Brexit talks, Michel Barnier says  
LISTEN  | @piersmorgan hits out at the same old pro-Euro campaigners banging on about Europe and explains why we must now get on Brexit.“We had a referendum. Everybody had a chance to have their say and we voted democratically to leave.”  
Theresa May is bringing Donald Trump over to the UK...and the NHS is on the yard sale table.The Tories have manoeuvred NHS into a state of crisis and will seek to use it as bait for a post-Brexit US trade deal. We can't let this happen. #SaveOurNHS 
My speech to @ProgressOnline conference today - ‘let’s get real on the world, Brexit and Labour who are not passing the tests needed to win’  
**In 48 hours @Remain_Labour @Labour4EU & others across our movement will join forces to step up our campaign for @UKLabour to stand against Brexit and stand up for a #PeoplesVote**Sign up now to make sure you hear about it first  
Here’s the next episode of my new podcast series, Anger Management with Nick Clegg. I spoke to an old coalition colleague about Brexit, the Tories, new parties, Rees-Mogg, Bob Dylan & more.  
One of the most insidious acts of treason against humanity is to deny the truth. I have heard in recent days people deny the rise of the Right, deny the rise of discrimination, deny the negative impact of #brexit... they would deny the sun came up to suit their beliefs 
UPDATE #localelections18 Now that all #LocalElections2018 results are in:- LAB (+77 on top of previous good result), LIBDEMs (+75) andGREENS  (+8) gain seats - CONS (-33 below previous bad result) and especially UKIP (-123 !), both strongly pro-#Brexit, lose seats 
The tide is turning against the Brexit once more and there is reason for hope.  
Labour peer finds the raw political courage to stop blaming the BBC for Brexit, if only for a moment, and offer the gentlest of rebukes to his anti-European leader 
Essential checks at UK ports &  borders after Brexit will cause huge disruptions, logisitcs experts have said. Major basic food types such as lettuce, tomatoes, fish & beef to be in short supply as their import is delayed. UK's food supply to become 'not so fresh' #BrexitShambles 
Uh-oh: looks like @BorisJohnson's department invited #CambridgeAnalytica/SCL group to shape British foreign policy. Yes, you heard that right. The Russian colluding, hacking, #Brexitdatabreach people asked to represent British foreign policy.   
."Yet a Brexit vote in 2016 reignited the independence debate in Scotland after 62% of the nation’s electorate voted to remain in the EU, more than any other country in the UK.". 
When it comes to Brexit, my favourite band is  
BREXIT: The EU believes Theresa May's 'unstable' government could collapse before Brexit /#EU #Brexit  
BREXIT IMPASSE !!Irish border *Gibralter *Customs Union *Remainer Traitors *All acting like great anchor chainsforever tethering us to the EU cartel.The longer it is ALLOWED to continue, Brexit will not happen!Walking now and reverting to WTO rules is essential ! 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
You're not allowed to play out till you sign this Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
British 18 year-olds will get the chance to travel in Europe by train for free for a month this summer, an annual scheme future generations will be deprived of if Brexit happens  @FFSake_ @Femi_Sorry 
Amidst the tiresome doom and gloom spread by those seeking to undermine the referendum result, @DCBMEP sets out why Brexiteers have cause to be be confident and upbeat on @BrexitCentral today 
You are maybe aware by now that, as a border, I should not really express an opinion on the forthcoming #RepealTheEighth referendum in Ireland. I find this a little frustrating. Anyway, I thought you might be interested to know that my favourite progressive rock band is  
Labour’s big weakness, & why we did so poorly on Thursday, is being a Vacillation not an Opposition on Brexit. Oppositions never win power as handmaiden of the government’s big policy. If people really want Brexit & think it is/was a success, they will mostly vote Tory 
Theresa May urged to pursue clean Brexit after stronger than expected showing in local elections  
Here’s my take on this week’s move against Theresa May by the ERG: How the Eurosceptics have blown the Brexit talks open via @RTENewsNow  
I like Owen Jones, but it's a bit hypocritical to fight racism and nationalism but then to accept a racist nationalist result because you want the people who voted for it to vote for you. And that's without the reality that Brexit makes public services harder to fund and man.  
Even if a good Brexit deal were possible, how can that happen when the Gov doesn't even know what it wants?  
“The pro-Brexit “extreme” are MPs who want to implement the referendum result and support the manifesto policy of leaving the customs union.”  
Proud to do my bit as an MEP pointing out the truth about Brexit and not accept the inevitability of hardBrexit. Thanks for affording me recognition for the role I play.  
Alistair Campbell seems to have no idea that more than half the electorate voted for Brexit #r4today Someone should let him know. Corbyn and Starmer have handled the Brexit process very capably. Labour will NOT vote for a Tory Brexit. Labour WILL win the next general election. 
Quite right from @JustineGreening - Brexit is above party politics. The future’s of millions of young people are at stake. #FFS#PeoplesVote 
Newspaper review on #BBC1 this morning, “local elections give May mandate for harder Brexit”.  What?  UKIP lose 122 seats, Tories 33 seats and there is a mandate for a stronger Brexit?  FFS.  BBC spinning Brexit story yet again.  
Not true, BBC: the clear winner is anti-Brexit: pro-EU parties up 82 seats, Labour up 62, Tories-UKIP down 155. How is this 'no clear winner'? "BBC News - Local election results 2018: No clear winner as Labour and Tories neck and neck  
How will #Brexit benefit any of us? This is a question we will be putting toany MPs or Lords we see over the next few weeks. Here is #ChukaUmunna’s reply. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #SODEMaction 
.But that could all change if Labour became an Opposition againThat all could change if Labour opposes Brexit. 
Why dialysis patients fear they can no longer visit EU after BrexitCost of health insurance without precious Euro health card could block those with chronic health conditionsI joined a cross-party group of MEPs raising this with @Jeremy_Hunt 
4 days left to have your say over the future of Agriculture after Brexit. I've posted the @peoplneednature response to help you write yours.  
Brexit Britain the success story of decades - - - successfully taking the Great out of Great Britain and the United out of the United Kingdom. WELL DONE BREXITERS 
“Corbyn has been abandoned in Leave areas - his pledge to stay in the customs union means he’s not trusted to deliver #Brexit May’s clear vision for leaving the single market & customs union was a key part of Tory #LocalElection success” @BorisJohnson 
Parris warns his party that, having won the UKIP vote and alienated Remain, the Brexit ultras will push for no deal. Listen to them and the country loses and so, ultimately, will they.   
The Peers vs the People power grab confirms the thesis that led to Brexit 
So on the biggest single issue of our lifetimes, there seem to be 2 political parties actively campaigning against #Brexit . Yesterday we saw the best results for both @LibDems and The Green party in a long long time. And all the 2 other parties have is spin, fudge and bluster. 
After Brexit, we won’t have European Arrest Warrents. It would be back to the “good old days” of the costa-del-crime. Brilliant. Brexit supporting criminals everywhere.  
On what basis can anyone say these are best results for Labour since 1971? This is as fantastical as Tories on Brexit. Ed M/Labour got 4pc more in 2012 TB 12pc more in 1995. You do not win by living in denial and blame but by facing up to real questions 
Justine Greening calls for free vote on Brexit and warns Tories against complacency - my interview with @aliceTTimes 
Labour: Haringey is the lesson you must learn. Change leader? Certainly change policy on Brexit. “Doubts over Corbyn 'bubbling up' again after local election result falls short - Sky News  
Labour would not win a general election on Thursday’s results. Mid-term opposition has to be far ahead in local elections, winning many councils, at this stage. Essential to regroup, esp on key issue of the day - Brexit - where Labour hasn’t been an ‘opposition’ but a vacillation 
So long as the Tory establishment can betray Brexit they will accept losing the election that follows. Under the game of two-party musical chairs they figure to win the next time around anyway. Neither Tory or Labour actually care about Britain anyway. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at 148,839 and still rising. Be a part of History and Sign. Then you can turn round to your family and say you help to rid UK of a bunch of unelected anti UK Lords. 
3. Polls show younger voters didn't come out for locals but will for General 4. Labour tookback some northern voters from UKIP,5. Tories peaked on ex UKIP voters in south, no more seats to takeTories feel safe for now but don't deliver Immigration and Brexit _then toast,'  
Final local election results great, showing maximum gain for LibDem:75 new seats. Labour up 62, and Greens up 8, now fourth party, after UKIP lost 123.  Tories lost 32. For GE these results would mean Lib Lab coalition, which would stop Brexit in one fell blow. Way to go!#FBPE 
Results show that voters want hard Brexit, ministers tell May. A FULL Brexit, Leaving SM, CU, ECJ, etc! 
Now that Brexit is effectively over, can we do something about the huge number of thickies inhabiting the UK and using our NHS, although they barely contribute, and trying to force their perverse notion of lawlessness and democracy on the rest of us? 
A #SoftBrexit is a deceitful & dishonest reversal of the people's vote to leave the EU. If politicians wanted vaguery to facilitate their reluctance to leave the EU they should not have asked such a binary question as Remain or Leave.#Brexit means Brexit 
"Why are you blaming Labour for starting the Brexit fire?"I'm not. I am however blaming them for pouring petrol on top of it every chance they get when water and fire extinguishers are in easy reach. 
LOVE this quiz! I can't believe it guessed my two favorites - pinot and sauv blanc <3 <3 
Are any Famous Scottish football teams a bit Brexit? 
But there is a clear majority for a proper Brexit among the electorate who have clearly voted for it. You and your disgraceful fellow turncoats are disobeying our instructions and undermining the country’s negotiating position. Shame on you.  
Stevenson: leaked paper shows Tories want to trade away fishing…  via @pressjournalThere are no benefits to #Brexit, everyone will lose #FBPE #ABTV #PeoplesVote 
Will be posting later with full analysis of local election results. In short, Britain is leaderless & floundering. We need to end to Brexit nightmare & get Big Reform - housing, NHS, education - going in the ‘leave’ areas of England in particular 
Brexit seems to have normalised a failing Britain. One where we are expecting things to get worse. Where things not being as bad as they could be, is seen as a success. What happened to us just being successful & being the gateway to the EU through which the world talks & trades? 
What Owen means:If Labour opposes the referendum result they'll lose dozens of seats in the North and Midlands because the ukip fascists will vote Tory.I've got news for Owen - the ukip fascists have already moved to the Tories and Labour's Brexit is still a hard Brexit.  
“A LESSON FOR #BREXIT” - 80% failure of EU migrant relocation policy shows what we’re dealing with. Fascinating article by the Brexit Facts4EU team:  
Increasing pessimism in Dublin over prospects for Brexit talks  via @IrishTimes 
One of Britain's most wanted fugitives living in Spain was caught yesterday on a European Arrest Warrant.  349 convicts/suspects faced UK justice in 2016 as a result of a very successful EU security deal that we will be excluded from *if* Brexit happens.  
I'm fed up with politics and politicians.  I just want #Brexit. There. That's my thought for today. Love, Sara. (Personal view.) 
You will lose because of Brexit.  The only reason that you are still there is because there is no opposition!!  #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
The deal is 80% done and the EU are offering a substantial trade deal - we should be confident about Brexit, says @DCBMEP 
Pay attention @theresa_may. Following #LocalElection2018, THIS IS THE MANDATE FROM THE PEOPLE: HARD BREXIT (Cons+UKIP) = -155SOFT BREXIT (Labour) = +62NO BREXIT (LD+Green) = +83Looks like a clear move from ‘Hard #Brexit’ to #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Congratulations California.  You did it!  You are now the 5th largest economy in the world, overtaking Brexit.  Sorry.  I mean the UK.  Freudian tweet there. 
She should acknowledge & accept that she leads the party of Leave. This has been confirmed by our votes. Let her face up to those who doubt this. They are the ones who couldn’t accept the results of 23rd June 2016. She must accept the role she said she wanted to deliver Brexit  
There’s a good deal of truth in that. And that’s a problem. But the midterm will be a referendum on Trump. Period. Just as 2006, 2010, 2014 we’re on incumbents. If people decide things are going well that will be a big problem for the Democrats.  
Always obvious that the DUP would be betrayed when necessaryBrexit plan drawn up for border checks between NI and rest of UK  
#UK and #Europe ‘must join forces’ on #AI #research despite #Brexit #fintech #insurtech @timeshighered @rachaelpells #ArtificialIntelligence #MachineLearning @ahier @psb_dc @JohnSnowai @andi_staub @jblefevre60 @ipfconline1 @KirkDBorne @evankirstel 
#quote ' Jacob Rees-Mogg: "there is no margin for us in delivering a soggy Brexit". ... "This is the electoral evidence we needed. We have picked up the UKIP vote: our electoral prospects are now entirely tied in with ensuring that BREXIT is successful." ' 
#quote "On leaving, the UK will become the largest single market for the EU27 – bigger than Japan, the USA and China." "Tell the world with resolve that, whatever it takes, we WILL deliver Brexit."Surprisingly upbeat article from @DCBMEP. Worth reading. 
I used to tweet about art. And history. And peace. And love.Now I tweet on Brexit, and block Leaver nobheads all day.I miss those old days more than you could know. But of course our fight goes on ... and on ... and on ... for as long as it takes ...  
"Experts":People won't vote for BrexitTrump candidacy is a jokeHillary is going to winChina isn't really CommunistProtip: if someone tells you something about themselves over and over and behaves in a consistent manner, BELIEVE THEM!  
The real sadness is that this article totally misses the point, #Brexit is the most damaging, all-embracing, divisive, inegalitarian, political misjudgment in 70 years. That’s the issue, that’s the problem, and Labour leadership has become complicit in it.  
Clearly not a shiny Green Light to go ahead with Brexit.MPs, don't leave the House before you've stopped this madness. There is no mandate, there is no feasible solution, there is no future gain and the process is devastating British business daily.#StopBrexit and do it now! 
Local election results 2018: Brexit blow for Tories, as Liberal Democrats seize Kingston-upon-Thames.Across the country, pro-EU parties won seats and outperformed Brexit supporting parties.Hold a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
The country is split along Brexit fault lines, hence why Labour can't just defeat the Tories with a feather as Emily Maitliss suggested shld be happening on #Newsnight.Leave voters will stick with the party they most trust to deliver a hard Brexit until that is delivered, or not 
This:Labour’s Brexit fudge may have worked once. But it can’t go on  
Of course EEA better than hard Brexit, but very much ‘least worst only’. I was on @Europarl_EN team for #GDPR, & EEA states - just ruletakers on this measure - had no visible input to it. Only #Remain gives a voice in formation of EU legislation. 
Report by the Commons Public Accounts Select Committee exposes grotesque incompetence of government's handling of #brexit  
It’s time we took control.Let’s Target all the Remain Tories who are trying to Stop Brexit.If you are a Leaver and your MP is one of the small group Of Cu supporters tell them you don’t agree ,go to theirSurgeries and kick off ,email them.It’s our Democratic right. 
Then shouldn’t Labour as opposition, and you, who know Brexit is a bad move, be leading the argument?  Helping change minds?  Instead of following polls?  Where is the leadership? 
I like this way of looking at the results:- Pro Brexit (Con, Lab, UKIP): -95- Anti Brexit (Lib Dem, Green): +83- Others: +12Makes the swing clearer.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
If Vince Cable & the Libdems are still serious &  committed to H of Lords reform they should get behind the petition for a referendum on the Lords future. 
Every day Brexit uncertainty festers is killing. - investors won't invest - people postpone spending- talent leaves the UK- new talent chose other countries- costs limiting the above damage- costs changing laws- higher cost of living1+: low £ good for tourism & exports!  
Sit up & pay attention to this story about how taxpayer money is being spent -and hidden- on Brexit consultants.This doesn’t include staff delivery costs at all.Just <£30 million on consultants including dreaming up bonkers customs proposals.  
Theresa May set for 'HARD Brexit with NO COMPROMISE' after local election 2018 triumph  
If you care so much about children, take down your posters - the ones that are making 1st class children upset, scared and worried. If you really love children, take some time to worry about the trauma in our primary schools prior to the referendum. 
Twitter is a great concept. If Brexit hadn’t occurred I wouldn’t ever have embraced twitter-sphere. 
Of the ten poorest areas in Western Europe, and hence the ten most dependent on EU subsidies, *nine* are in Britain. So what would happen to these regions after Brexit? But Brexit is not a done deal. Sunderland’s 37% swing to the Lib Dems is the beginning of the end for Brexit.  
Nicola Sturgeon’s refusal to follow the Welsh in coming to an agreement with Westminster over devolved powers after Brexit is less about specific differences than in forcing the British Parliament to overrule the Scottish one to create grounds for a new independence referendum. 
... "A controversial think tank that argued for a hard Brexit and has been linked with Russian intelligence had monthly meetings with a leading Brexit minister." ...#FBPE 
The former head of MI6 says the government was outwitted over the Galileo project by ‘incompetently ignorant or at worst disloyal’ civil servants. Could you ever imagine such people advising the government over Brexit? No. Surely impossible. 
California’s acceptance speech: “We would like to give a special thanks to Brexit for making this possible.”  
Good luck. My children will lose their rights thanks to Brexit to live, love, work, retire in Europe as a result of 15 years of non-stop media and political hate against Europeans here. We can change internal lab market but Brexit is biggest win for anti-immigrant xenophobia ever  
You dont need to oppose Brexit, just support the second vote on the deal.  Thats democracy in action.  Nothing else will stick and we will be rowing about this in 20 yrs time.  One more democratic vote.  Thats all. 
DUP: "This. Is. An. Outrage."Everyone: "Use your 'invisible #Brexit border technologies' at ports/airports and we're all sorted."DUP: "What technologies? There's no such thing."Everyone: "None?"DUP: "Errr..."Everyone: "But you said..."*awkward silence*DUP: "...SF/IRA?"  
Petition to have a referendum to abolish H of Lords now on 148625.It's time to have an Upper House elected by PR that is  accountable to the people. We need to abolish the Liblabcon cartel for a fairer representation of all the Parties. 
The Tories have been in Government for 8 years, “austerity”, Brexit, etc. If Labour were a “Government-in-waiting” they should be putting on 150 seats plus. They didn’t. Therefore they failed. #Newsnight 
Brexit update:We've agreed to pay €40 billion. In practical terms that's it so far. Tick Tock#FBPE 
aVolunteers needed for this Saturday's dual street stalls - Briggate, #Leeds from 11am - 2pm and The Grove, #Ilkley from 10.30am - 1pm. Please help out if you can. We need to keep spreading the word that #Brexit can be stopped!  
Nearly two years WASTED on this puerile, uninformed, disingenuous, devious, cynical, divisive, disastrous, debacle #Brexit, but enough of its good points.  
A characteristic of this referendum that’s worth noting (and which coverage is generally missing) is the number of gay men canvassing for women’s reproductive rights.  
Amid London Crimewave, Concern About Crime Surges to Seven-Year High, Brexit Top National Concern  
Jo Johnson has spent far too much time listening to his brother's Brexit rubbish. Might do better to spend more time listening to his sister.#Newsnight 
It's @LibDems supporters who will be smiling after the local election results. If you oppose #Brexit then celebrate the #LibDemFightback which finally offers hope to those in despair at the Labour and Conservative Party dinosaurs. 
Emily Maitlis: Jo Johnson, you are kidding yourself. Nobody came out of that polling booth saying: 'I'm really pleased with the way Brexit negotiations are going.'@JoJohnsonUK says his party are working on a Brexit that is "in the national interest" #newsnight 
Even Nicky Morgan, a leading Remainer, acknowledged that her party’s support for Brexit had proved pivotal to their success in local elections, she said: ‘It is inevitable in a way. It is the Conservative Party that is delivering on the referendum result.’  
Theresa May urged to pursue hard Brexit after stronger than expected showing in local elections  via @Telegraph 
After Brexit, workers rights will no longer be protected by EU law and could potentially be abolished at any point!DO YOU TRUST THE TORIES? I don't, another reason for SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE!10 ways the EU protects British workers' rights  
Local election results 2018: Brexit blamed as Liberal Democrats seize Kingston-upon-Thames from the Conservatives - Evening Standard  
It is takes a special kind of monomania to regard some broadly inconclusive local elections as a mandate for Brexit.  
SOMEHOW ..not sure how unless you help; we will drag this screaming to 200,000 Please sign Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords i will be eternally grateful  
I've got some time for these folks since they've decided they'll stop Brexit. The biggest wins today were for a Stop Brexit party and that's pretty great!  
So, now that all (except 1 Council) #LocalElections2018 results are in:- LAB (+59 on top of previous good result), LIBDEMs (+75) andGREENS  (+8) gain seats - CONS (-31 below previous result) and especially UKIP (-123 !), both strongly pro-#Brexit, lose seats 
Even when completely exasperated with #Brexit Episode 11 of @CakeWatchCast still manages to make you cry with laughter on a friday night. Thanks @ottocrat and @GuitarMoog for the last bit of rational perspective...  #ThankEU 
#Brexit is an uncomfortable alliance of parties with little in common, the future of the UK will be built on strong, positive, electoral alliances between people of like minds including@TheGreenParty@LibDems@theSNP@Renew_Britain 
The party campaigning for an #ExitFromBrexit, the @LibDems, gained more seats in yesterday's elections than any other party. The party pursuing #Brexit lost seats and entire councils. It's clear that the UK want to #StopBrexit so denying a #PeoplesVote is undemocratic & cowardly. 
Saying that nothing has changed is not an accurate description of the local elections. After 8 years of tory govt the opposition should have secured a landslide - esp after Brexit & Windrush chaos.What has changed is that we do not have an effective opposition.  #bbcnewsten 
Seeing as it is being reported that UKIP supporters voted Tory - not Labour - in LEs, will Labour now please remember that 70% of their supporters don't want Brexit? You need us to win any future GE. #StopBrexit 
“The GFA is a living document that has yet to be fully realised. Brexit can severely impede further progress and may even undo the progress already made" East Derry MLA Caoimhe Archibald addressing the Durham Union tonight  .@CArchibald_SF 
'Why am I the only Brexiteer?' Political Editor blasts the BBC over  yet another skewed Question Time panel  #Brexit 
Incompetence. Brexit. Anti semitism. Arrogance. Swanning about as if a loss is a victory. Abuse. Complete lack of vision. Good luck Labour friends. You are amazing. I support you but not the leadership. Out for now :), 
UK PM Theresa May’s customs union nightmare. Via @ReutersTV #Brexit  
My goodness...a #Brexit special offer...two for the price of one..let's #StopBrexit end the #BrexitShambles, #Remain in the EU & consign both UKIP & the Tories to history...BARGAIN!Binding #FinalSayForALL anyone..we get to #StopBrexitSaveBritain too? 
Must Watch: Cllr @StephenCowan who campaigned on a pro-European platform criticises the government's approach to Brexit  
You're supporting Brexit which will wipe out Labour areas for a generation. Thatcher will have done less damage than Brexit. A generation of austerity and poverty and a rearguard action for our rights. You make the people you attacked as 'centrists' look positively left wing.  
There is NO such thing as EU money - EU has NO money of it's own.#EU budget money is from nation state contributions of which UK taxpayers contribute about £13+ Billion.#Brexit will allow UK to cut out the Brussels middleman & pay subsidies direct to UK farmers & businesses. 
Saturday's Mail: "Now give us a REAL #Brexit" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
.@LibDems ‘voted to remain because they feel a deep & visceral affiliation with the European project & the EU.’True, but we also know #Brexit will make UK & its people poorer.That’s why we’re not shutting up about #ExitfromBrexit(Tho we do bins, pavements, housing etc too) 
BFE: With a target of £100K exceeded thanks to YOU, we've got our sights set on reaching EVEN further with the message that YOU deserve the final say on Brexit! Sign up & donate here:  and listen to our podcast here:  #PeoplesVote  
An example of how important the European Arrest Warrant is. Crime is borderless. Membership of the EU is so much more than trade. It's about a community working together for the good. Brexit puts all of this at risk.Why would anyone want to jeopardise the safety of our citizens?  
Time to scrap brexit and stop blaming the EU for everything. The Irish border issue is a direct consequence of brexit. #StopBrexit and there is no issue. brexit is worthless; peace in Ireland is truly worth keeping. #WATON #FBPE #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter 
This is the last chance for May & the Conservative Party to give the people the Brexit they want and voted for. 
The majority of Labour voters in the North & Midlands voted Remain, we opposed Brexit across the country. What on earth is Labour for if not to stand up for working people, who without doubt will be damaged by any Brexit. Yours is the language of capitulation to the Hard Right.  
Theresa May urged to pursue hard Brexit after stronger than expected showing in local elections 
Stocks Bounce On Biggest Short-Squeeze Since Brexit, But Banks & Bullion Bruised  
Labour’s Brexit fudge may have worked once. But it can’t go onTories did well in local elections in Leave voting areas but not in Remain areas. What does that tell you Labour? 
Local elections show Remainers are a force to be reckoned with.Pro-European parties gained votes and seats, while no Brexit party would get a majority.The Remain vote must be heard. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.#FBPE #ABTV 
#MichaelCaputo thread: a Russian partner working for Alfa Bank and oligarchs, pro-Russian Ukrainian connections and more fun facts and pictures, or the Songs of Hell and Damnation. @WendySiegelman @grantstern @peterjukes @dcpoll @brexit_sham @TrickFreee pic.twitter.com/J1DKFBcZEb 
She is right, I like the way David Dimbleby said he didn’t know who were for Brexit and who were for remainers on the panel, as if he doesn’t do his research. 
I don't want people like Andrea Ledsome driving through Brexit like they're driving a coach and horses through a field of daisies. She's an utter fool. David Davis is an utter fool. Theresa May is a weak leader who couldn't pilot a roller skate. They can't negotiate Brexit #bbcaq 
Thought experiment for those switching to Libdems over Brexit:How long do you think their opposition to it would last if they had the chance to go into Coalition with the Tories again? #AskVince 
My fellow EU citizens in the U.K. have voted in their last election. Now they are stripped of their voting rights without their consent. Yet both Leave and Remain still claim the Brexit vote was ‘democratic’. But true democracy protects minority rights from aggressive majorities. 
David's hopping mad at you lot taking the mickey. He says it's not going to be called Question Time any more. He prefers "Remainer Time" and it will be a documentary about 100 ways to screw up Brexit using the BBC as a weapon. He says "it's all your bloody fault". 
Seeing as it's #SuperheroDayI thought i'd share some photos of our #StopBrexit #EUsuperheroes With this CRACK team #Brexit is so TOAST. @mikegalsworthy @Femi_Sorry @SODEMAction @captain_europe @MrDominicBuxton @EveryCountry @CocoDeBrux 
Former Portsmouth Labour leader joins anti-Brexit Renew party @_Chris_Coghlan @Renew_Britain 
Enough of strategic ambiguity on Brexit. It's time Labour took a stand. My column  
Just 761 signatures needed to be 7 th most signed petition. Come on. We can do it. Have just sent out some text to Brexiteers to spread word. Pls reach out BEYOND Twitter. Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Ruth Davidson says Brexit and Indyref have left people ‘bitter’ No Ruth, your bigot infested party is what's making people bitter. 
With almost all the results in, it shows:Hard Brexit (Con / UKIP): -151Soft Brexit (Lab):+57No Brexit (LibDem / Green):+83Looks like a firm move away from hard brexit to no brexit.  #stopBrexit @BestForBritain @_Britain4Europe @euromove @Open_Britain @Britancula @No10Vigil 
#EU dying - RIPWTO has nearly abolished tariffs worldwide while Brussels whacks on tolls & difficulties.Lords demand continuation of dying EU mirage, but only a diminishing number of has-beens cling to the Euro-dream of their vanished youths.#Brexit 
Why has the media gone quiet on the #Brexit impact assessments?Why aren't the government sill being given a hard time about them?A cynic might think #Windrush was bit convenient blowing up when it did? 
German students - who’ll still be able to benefit from free movement and benefit of travel and study around Europe - are studying Brexit as an exercise in fantasy vs reality.How about we ditch the fantasy and shape our reality through a #PeoplesVote 
What part of "Leave" does the Westminster establishment not understand? Now civil servants are scheming to keep us in the customs union until 2023 - seven years after our historic referendum!  
Getting to the point where I think Westminster’s ongoing psychological war to erase Scotland as an actual country is because they’ve clicked that after Brexit only Scotland’s oil and whisky are going to keep them afloat.  
You know what actually is going to damage ireland? #brexit a policy we never looked for but the consequences of will seriously hurt us, “thanks”!  
Given that a large part of the Brexit vote was due to a sense that the people making decisions for us didn't actually represent us... It wouldn't be unforgivable for any party to take advantage of the two-party system to silence the views of its voters. 
My Video Diary.Delighted to host @M_AndersonSF in South Antrim today.Engaging across the community on #Brexit challenges.  
I see this as a greater threat than anything ISIS could throw at us.The mutilation of our very society.This is why I will never accept this Nazi enabling right wing nationalist #Brexit built on peddling lies.#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Brexit perspective:HS2 was approved by the Secretary of State for Transport in 2012. It took until 2017 for the route to be approved by Parliament; no trains will run until 2026; and the project cost will probably be double the original estimate.Brexit must be a piece of cake. 
Amid London Crimewave, Concern About Crime Surges to Seven-Year High, Brexit Top National Concern   
The Father Michael Cleary Column in the Sunday Independent on 21st of August 1983 (about a fortnight before the Referendum).  
*NEWSFLASH after #brexit you will STILL be able to go to France unless I've missed something?  
If you want to add your weight to the argument that we must have a full and proper #Brexit, here's your chance: #NoCustomsUnion 
Calling it "Tory Brexit" is simply a way for Labour to avoid the blame for Brexit, regardless of how much they help bring it about. 
A cracking letter in the @TheAvondhu from someone who cannot vote in the upcoming referendum#RepealThe8th #Togetherforyes 
"Look locals prove hard Brexit is the only way for Cons to win a general election" is pretty weak take. Cons tried *exactly* this less than a year ago and it didn't work. Turnout much higher in GEs (more young & liberal voters) and hard Brexit areas alone not enough for majority 
BIG NEWS !!!"A backup plan to impose border checks on trade between NI and GB at ports and airports to avoid a hard border with the Republic of Ireland after Brexit has been drafted by senior civil servants."If NI gets this, Scotland will want it too. 
Today's results show that, despite this shower of a government, despite the Brexit shambles, despite the Windrush scandal, the Tories are still surviving. The only conclusion I can draw is that the country as a whole is not keen on Corbyn's far-left socialism. Corbyn must go! 
Brexit no doubt a big factor here but also LDs ran a very strong campaign on the ground in South Cambs (I live here) e.g. multiple leafleting whereas I received nothing from any other party, & they have been highly visible/active outside of the campaign period as well.  
If this GE prediction is anything to go by, we must now reject Brexit and fight for our Labour values, the national interest and our long held pro-EU position.Against the worst Govt in history, one in absolute chaos, with an economy ground to a halt, we're not going anywhere.  
Yes, Brexit is a Tory project. But if the Opposition don't oppose it, it's a collaborative project.  
NEW: Former Cabinet minister Justine Greening tells @faisalislam the European Research Group of eurosceptic Conservative MPs are acting like Russia at the UN by "vetoing things they don't like" when it comes to Brexit: 
Interview and full words coming very shortly, but it appears to me that Greening, who has held her fire on Brexit since leaving Cabinet, has now decided, with backing, that the ERG influence on Government needs taking on. Big moment. 
There was a message in #electionresults2018 @theresa_may Deliver a proud Brexit. I would suggest if you want to win a GE again, now the deficit is fixed, recruit a few bobbies, build a few houses & get control of our borders. Put Brits FIRST! 
Brexit plan drawn up for border checks between NI and rest of UK  
“A new Prime Minister, presumably, will have to explain to the public why the #Brexit it was promised is no longer achievable,” @Sime0nStylites writes in @PoliticsMeans today.#StopBrexit #FinalSay #HardBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Labour #Tories #Brexiteers 
Ingram Pinn on Brexit talks between Britain and the EU going  stratospheric - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
NEW: ex Cabinet minister Justine Greening tells me Brexit Cabinet rejection of Customs Partnership “out of step where the Parliamentary party is” & re ERG “we can’t have a group of MPs who behave a little bit like Russia does on UNSC –vetoing things they don’t like” @SkyNews at 7 
You should have fought for "real change" during the Brexit campaign. You should have fought for Europe, for open society, for the future, for those things which allow the Left to call itself the Left. You definitely didn't do it.  
Thanks to Britain being in EU customs union, British consumers are forced to pay up to 40% more on global cheeses. Anybody for greater choice and cheaper cheese?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
Labour’s fudge over Brexit may have worked once. But it can’t go on | Jonathan Freedland  
Local elections: Resurgent Lib Dems have a chance to soften Brexit  
1. Latest round of Brexit negotiations “useful” on technical things, slow progress on big picture, say EU sources - mini Friday thread 
Ahem. With 145 out of 150 councils declared, #LibDems have gained more seats nationally than either Labour or Cons. Result. And a clear anti-#Brexit message.Shame none of the media are mentioning this! 
@ anyone who think this referendum will pass easily: people who clap when the plane lands exist and they will vote 
Can't help thinking our cushty Brexit deal woulda been signed, sealed and delivered if we'd have had Oz sat at the negotiating table with us.#AufWiedersehenPet 
Tories greetin about no demand for another referendum, let's show them otherwise. 11am tomorrow, Kelvingrove park to the green #AUOB #ScotRef 
Pitch: Irish Border Diary - The Irish Border’s weekly account of Brexit woes and madness, with tales of ordinary border people and their lives and loves and foibles.Good idea? Anyone? 
Labour did worse than expected and the Tories better in the council elections because the Tories attracted back former UKIP voters by being pro Brexit but Labour didn’t win back its natural supporters who voted Brexit because it was too pro Remain . 
The EU forces British consumers to pay 21% MORE on tomatoes imported,thanks to EU customs union.And that money goes to the EU.Do you want to pay much less for much of the food you buy in British shopswith Britain outside EU customs union?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
I’ve been invited to a party tonight by a friend in financial services, I’m under strict instruction not to discuss Brexit.Me after two drinks:  
V true and clear from @Freedland. There may be no electorally perfect Labour position on Brexit, but benefits of strategic ambiguity might now be spent.  
GLOBAL CONVERSATION |  The European Commission is hoping to boost its 2021-2027 science, research & innovation budget to 100 billion euros - @WilksJeremy met the man in charge to talk tech giants, #AI and Brexit.Watch the full interview with @Moedas:  
It's like Brexit, but JavaScript.  
 Italy's anti-establishment Five Star Movement reignite proposal of a referendum on the nation's membership of the Eurozone. Another problem landing on Mr Juncker's desk Monday morning!  
Framework for future relationship with the #UK: the following topics will be discussed in the upcoming rounds of negotiations  - The EU’s positions are outlined in the March European Council guidelines:  #Brexit  
If Theresa May delivers a clean Brexit she can retire having achieved her mission & the Conservatives will win the next election. If she listens to the Remoaners the Tories will lose & moreover they will deserve to lose  
Labour’s fudge over Brexit may have worked once. But it can’t go on | Jonathan Freedland  
This should be ammo for Remainers to fight on. We can still stop Brexit   
You know what your sunny Friday night pint outside the pub after work needs? A mega-length edition of REMAINIACS with guests @billybragg and @Femi_Sorry, of course! Includes songs, bad jokes and a ton of useful Brexit wisdom.  
There’s no such thing as a ‘soft Brexit’, that’s a propaganda term for EU membership in all but name. 
I'm off to eat a crate of mangoes, fire up the barbie, read fiction and enjoy the end of winter, at last. Rest up, folks. And stay off the Brexit. Thanks for following. 
70% of the vote the Conservatives got in #LocalElections2018was from Leave voters, per election expert, John Curtice.If May and her govt do not deliver a full and proper #Brexit leaving the customs union, these people will vote the Tories out!#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
The @LibDems have gained 73 seats, more than the 58 won by Labour while the Tories have lost 25. Meanwhile UKIP get eviscerated & lose 123 seats.Support the #LibDemFightback and the rise of a caring, progressive centre ground committed to opposing #Brexit  
Britain was like a different country before the Blairites took over in 1997. When Labour left office the same people (albeit in a different party) were in power. Thinking they could win, they permitted an EU Referendum and they've been rattled by the result ever since. 
Controversial Brexiter & useful idiot in the #CambridgeAnalytica / #AggregateIQ scandal, Darren Grimes earlier tweeted out a list of London features that will be "Brexit-proof" i.e. immune to the scourge that is #Brexit. They're not even pretending any more. #PeoplesVote #WATON 
EU scrutinises post-Brexit security deal "Brussels also frets that London cannot be trusted to respect the privacy of EU citizens' data after Brexit".We agree, Brussels - the UK government cannot be trusted. 
Having been told frequently by a bloke that bleating on social media about Brexit and using hashtags like #FBPE is pointless, said bloke is now bleating on social media that #ABTV split the Labour vote.Such delicious irony. 
Irish border backup plan suggests checks at ports and airports after Brexit  
No, Brexit is the nettles, I am the Roundup in a knapsack sprayer  
Voters message to the Government:'We voted for full fat Brexit. Not low calorie, politically correct, BBC-approved, washed out, wouldn't say boo to a goose Brexit.It is your job to deliver it.' 
In October, if Labour supports a Brexit deal that doesn't meet its six tests, and tell you "Well it was either that or no deal"...Then having those tests does nothing but manipulate Labour's anti-brexit voter base to keep their support. 
EU launched free Interrail for 18 year olds in pilot scheme. British teenagers can apply this summer for first and last time if Brexit goes ahead as planned.   
Stop patting yourselves on the back Labour.  Look what we could have won?!Notice the Lib Dem surge. Greens did well too.Why might that be?Stop kicking the Brexit can down the road because your chances of governing go with it.Stop Brexit, embrace the EU & No 10 is yours... 
“Good morning, kids!GMorning, teacher! Why is the school door broken and your arm in a cast?It was Grover.Grover doesn't exist.Yes, but if I tell you the truth, they'll accuse of me of inciting hate.”[9 Catalan teachers are in court for discussing Oct 1 referendum in class]  
#QUETTA, May 4: A delegation of Peoples Unity of PIA met with Chairman #PPP @BBhuttoZardari on his arrival at Quetta Airport. The delegation thanked PPP Chairman for his unwavering stance against the privatization of national flag carrier and supporting them in the referendum.  
Brexit is will of rich tax-avoiding people the very same people who lied cheated manipulated & used dirty tricks & money to gain a gerrymandered result in brexit for their own personal gain-all of you talk about respect of the will of the people-yet you all deny them that respect  
UK Prime Minister May’s customs union problems. Via @ReutersTV #Brexit  
Labour should’ve smashed it last night, but they’re the Arsenal of politics. Talk a good game, pile on pressure, create chances...lose...claim ‘victory’ for having lots of possession & hitting the post. Gaining a few council seats changes nothing. Time to reverse Brexit policy. 
What do these pro-Customs Union politicians want? To chain Britain to the EU in perpetuity? To overturn the referendum result? Neither would be very popular with the voters.  
In other words @GOVUK wants to be able to trade away Scottish fishing interests as it always has and it intends to make sure there is nothing @ScotGov can do about it..... #Brexit fact....UK government 'could retain fisheries negotiations veto' - BBC News  
Ex-MI6 boss in Brexit intervention:• UK mil-intel doesn’t need Galileo due to ties with US over GPS• Galileo more likely to create tension over GPS• UK can invest in nav systems outside EU authority• UKgov should’ve known EU wouldn’t dilute control 
Ken's Political Podcast returns to the World Service today for all our members. Check out our discussion on the 8th referendum propaganda war with @gavinsblog  
I am completely weirded out how I have disappeared off the voting register!! Please check that you are registered  (I voted in the last referendum) 
In December, we highlighted the vital contribution EU staff make to the UK's universities. 35,920 academic staff & 13,610 professional services staff at UK universities are from other EU countries. For our latest position statement on Brexit, see  
Message to the Government: Brexit means leaving the Customs Union  
Petition: 147, 979 and rising,Please sign and retweet,Thank you all.Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Me: MPs should protect people@ChiOnwurah: Represent* peopleMe: Labour voters oppose Brexit. Represent themOnwurah: All people. Not just LabourMe: When the Tories win elections, does Labour adopt Tory policies to represent the new will of the people? No. You're the opposition. 
Italy's Five Star Movement founder Beppe Grillo calls for a referendum on leaving the Eurozone  
Today I met @rogertorrent Speaker of @parlamentcat In 2016 I met @CarmeForcadell the then Speaker. Today she is in prison, in Madrid, jailed by the Spanish Gov for holding a debate on a referendum in the Catalan Parliament. The Spanish Gov is attacking democracy.  
IT industry says  E border not feasible ,  commons committee can't find a way to make it work DeEXeu hasn't bothered to investigate if E border can work the EU and Irish gov say its fantasy but Rees Mogg  who knows sweet FA knows best #Brexit #IrishBorder 
Shadow Minister @ChiOnwurah just told me Labour would vote down the Brexit deal if it critically failed Labour's Tests.THEN WHAT?!Stop Brexit unilaterally? No!An election that leaves PM Corbyn with just weeks to do 2 years of negotiations? No!#PeoplesVote is the only way out! 
In light of #Election2018 Theresa May is faced with a tough decision: A) Propped up unexpectedly by the Leave vote via UKIP, she breaks the habit of a lifetime and actually delivers on #Brexit. B) She continues to deny the will of the people and gets crucified by her own Party.  
Remainers have to face the uncomfortable reality that outside of twitter 80% of population won’t really care much either way on #brexit until house prices go down, their jobs go or inflation rises by more than 10%. 
Summary:1. The Quakers are right.2. We don't need God.3. After all, I've never voted for Him.4. He's a Far-Right bigot who probably supports Brexit.5. And it's even possible that He doesn't read my articles in the Guardian.6. Talk about ill-informed!7. That's all, folks!  
Undaunted by Election Results #UKIP supporters gather together & take to the streets.#ElectionDay #Brexit  
In our latest article we highlight the federalist past of Theresa May's chief Brexit adviser, Olly Robbins. As a proponent of European integration, he has been using his position to dilute Brexit at every turn!  
What was that about status quo @bbclaurak @BBCNews @BBCPolitics ?   Look again at these results, so far. A pretty clear trend towards anti Brexit.  FACE IT. SAY IT. WELCOME IT.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
"I have proposed a referendum for the eurozone. I want the Italians people to express themselves"--Beppe Grillo  
Question now for all Labour members - particularly those concerned about Brexit - is how long they’re prepared to keep losing with Corbyn. 
Most of the places where Labour struggled last night were in area's that voted Leave.So where exactly does that leave the "Labour must reverse Brexit to win a General Electon" argument? 
Here we have a devout Remainer so bitter at losing the EU Referendum that he is literally trying to justify directly conflating the Nazis with Leave voters.  
Beppe Grillo has brought back one of the founding ideas of the 5Star Movement: Holding a referendum on Italy’s membership of the euro  
.@DawnHFoster on BBC News right now, with Tom Harwood and some guy who wants to stop Brexit  
Why no mention of the movement for a referendum? Or any of the more recent protests? Or the failure of Rouhani to deliver any promised reforms, let alone manage the government w/ competence.  I think this is a much better assessment  
It wasn’t bins wot won it, the electorate telling you to deliver Brexit, fast and no CU. Out means out.  
There’re over 50 #FTAs with other countries that we’ll have to negotiate post Brexit and something like 750 other international agreements that’ll also need to be agreed. Anyone got negotiating skills? We’re going to need you before next March @GuitarMoog 
The Irish are told that they're "weaponising" their own language -in Ireland. Now you tell them they're "weaponising" the very existence of their nation and state and economy -in Ireland, re: a choice which they did not make. Is Brexit about not being responsible for anything?  
#honestpoll Should #labour abandon #brexit? Please #vote and #retweet. Comments welcome. (Sorry about all the tags.. don't hate the player..) 
LETS BE CLEAR - If brexit was such a brilliant idea, it wouldn't fail just because I don't support it.... 
Tories 35% Labour 35%. In the circumstances that’s a disastrous failure by Labour, in supposed ‘Opposition’ to a rubbishy third-rate mendacious government. Why? Because Labour supports the Tories on Brexit & tries to woo UKIP votes. Unconscionable. 
Why would the SNP support Labour. 1. complicit in the lies in 2014 2. Had canvassers campaigning for tories in Scotland in the GE 3 support Trident 4 abstained on Brexit 5 Syria 6JC comes to Scotland and tells us SNP support tory austerity policies 7 are an inept opposition #???? 
The City should forge alliances with other major financial hubs to strengthen and boost its position in the post-Brexit world, a new report by influential trade wonk @ShankerASingham argues  
Hay @iamjohnoliver when are you going to cover the Irish referendum on the 8th?You owe us one for the famine. 
Fantastic upset win in South Cambridgeshire! Thanks to all the volunteers who made this happen and sent a message to the Brexit Tories #LibDemsWin #WinningHere #LocalElections 
An enfeebled Tory party haunted by bitter infighting is not beaten by Labour in mid term Council elections despite UKIP's vote collapse. Tells you that #Labour supporting #Brexit is not what the public wants.Had Labour been for #Remain, the Tories would've been decimated. 
Last night senior Conservatives lost seats in @LBHF from Ravenscourt Park to Avonmore & Brook Green to Sands End. Residents rejected their divisive policies on the NHS, housing and Brexit and their brand of nasty politics /2 
Utterly fantastic news - We've managed to win control of South Cambs! Overturning a very solid Tory majority in the process. Quite clear that the good people of South Cambs do not approve at all of what the Tories have been doing, especially regarding Brexit! I'm so pleased :) 
The only parties to have significant gains are the anti-Brexit parties. Time for JC to listen to the many not the few! 
What part of "Leave" does the Westminster establishment not understand? Now civil servants are scheming to keep us in the customs union until 2023 - seven years after our historic referendum!Read at Support us at  
What this means is that the party that could shift its chairs onto the Lib Dem lawn would win the next General Election. The vehemently anti-Brexit Lib Dem party.  
Just my opinion, but could the disastrous Labour Council elections have anything to do with Jeremy sitting on the Brexit fence so long, then screwing the Leave camp, after wanting to leave for the last 35 years 
The big news from the #LocalElections is UKIP is dead and the @LibDems have bounced back.  If the Tory Party keeps pushing ahead with a hard Brexit then it will be severely damaged and out of office for a long time. The tide has turned 
Bank of America joins Jaguar Land Rover and JPMorgan in announcing it could lay-off or relocate staff.Clearer now more than ever that there's no such thing as a jobs first Brexit.  
Back to business as usual: the flight of jobs from Britain ahead of Brexit. Another 125 good jobs heading to Dublin, with possibly more to follow.  
it's three weeks today until the referendum! if you haven't already, please register to vote now before registration closes on May 8th – and please please please vote yes.  
bbc news currently relenting and letting john curtice point out "on the Brexit issue...the truth is, the UKIP vote has declined, the liberal democrat vote has gone up, that's too much of a pattern to suggest that these elections are just simply abut local politics"  #ABTV 
Orwellian! 'Failure means victory' - failure to devastate the worst Tory gov in history, because Labour supports the Tories on Brexit, and feebly hopes to attract UKIP voters, making it an irrelevance as an opposition. If Labour opposes Brexit it would regain real support.  
New to Streaming: God's Own Country 'it’s hard to imagine a more bracingly open-hearted film coming out of Brexit Britain today'  
If today's Brexit isn't the Brexit you voted for in 2016, then today's Brexit wasn't the will of the people in 2016.#PeoplesVote 
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped Of course it can! The fat lady isn't on stage yet. 
Just got a tweet from a man saying he has "no skin in either side" of the abortion referendum. This is exactly the problem; people using their privilege to choose - & it is a choice - not to care about the oppression of other people. That choice is complicity. At least own that. 
He whipped them to respect the Referendum result! So glad I voted Labour yesterday.  
ULTIMATUM: @Michael_Heaver lays down the law to the Tories, they've now got to deliver Brexit."They may be getting the voters this time, but if there’s any watering down, dilution or delay on Brexit then voters may go back to UKIP or not vote at all." 
The  North East voted heavily in favour of Leave but then became the region forecast to suffer the most damage from Brexit. The 37% swing to @LibDems is a huge relief: voters are capable of changing their minds when the truth emerges. Is this the beginning of the end for Brexit? 
In the four days before polling day we had the resignation of the Home Secretary, a disastrous set of growth figures, a cabinet schism over Brexit, and the threat of a leadership challenge against the Prime Minister. Precisely what does Labour need to make serious advances. 
"Brexit" "Why?" "Because it's the Will of the People" "Can people have an informed referendum now they know Brexit means leaving the Single Market & Customs Union & that they will all lose their Freedom of Movement?" "No!"  
UCL has today joined with >50 leading #research orgs to support an ambitious and close future partnership betw the UK & #Europe on #research and #innovation #scienceisglobal #Brexit  
Plain fact is that New Labour ignored the working class and thus let them slip into the orbit of Murdoch and the Daily Mail and the rest they say is history. And until you fix that problem of hollowed out communities, xenophobia and Brexit will rule the roost.  
The government is massively underprepared for the 'impossible challenge' of Brexit, according to a damning report from MPs  via @BIUK_Politics 
On Brexit it’s clear so many still want that to happen even if the consequences for them are summed up in the attached gif. Our efforts to persuade them - eg using the attached gif -aren’t working. Labour must come off the fence and work hard to show the damage it will cause them  
Breaking News: #RedForEd Beats Koch Brothers in Arizona, Voucher Referendum Moves Forward!  
If the Government fails to deliver the Clean Brexit voted for by 17.4 million Britons then they will face the electoral consequences!  
It is my job as a journalist to get alongside whoever is at the centre of the biggest political stories. Long before the referendum I made it my business to understand UKIP.  
Weird. I've been getting CCHQ emails for two months saying the election was about bins, litter and council tax, not Brexit.  
The fact that Labour didn’t do even better against this brutal, incompetent clown-car-driven-by-Voldemort government is worrying. I know long-term Labour supporters who couldn’t vote for them because of their Brexit stance and/or anti-semitism.(Warning: this may become a thread) 
Jeremy Corbyn has been abandoned in many leave areas – his pledge to stay in the customs union means he is not trusted to deliver Brexit. PM’s clear Mansion House vision for leaving the single market and customs union a key part of Tory electoral success 3/3 
In this age of WTF-politics, you can only know the will of the people when we go to the voting booths. Results from a year ago are no prediction of the current will of the people. We need a #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal! 
Compulsory outnumbered 4 - 1 (BBC laws) Brexit defender and journalist @CamillaTominey deserves enormous credit for standing up for British voters on Question Time. 
On to Rathfarnham Shopping Centre for a referendum canvass with @KZapponeTD and @brophytalks. Lots of people keen to talk and lots of support for #Yes. Decisions are made by those who turn up. #VoteYes #Together4Yes 
my favourite take of the day from people who voted tactically against Labour because of Brexit is: Labour should be doing better against a woeful Tory party. Not really quite sure of the logic there. 
BE AFRAID  LOL xxx Pls sign Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Sir John Curtice’s view that the local election result means the government must deliver on Brexit is surely right, he usually is.  
#Grillo is back calling for a referendum on the euro, which is in contradiction with M5S' position as expressed by Di Maio. One will have to give: will M5S be re-captured by Grillo's extremist view, or will they finally drop him and try to grow up?  
The idea that any other Labour leader (particularly an avowedly anti-Brexit leader) would be reducing the Tory party's polling to 25/30% or whatever is a comic fantasy worthy of Lewis Carroll. 
The Tories could literally sprout devil horns & drown a truckload of puppies in the blood of virgins & that 40% would still be voting Tory to deliver their precious Brexit. 
I'm so tired of Brexiters whining about how the EU should solve all your Brexit problems, and find solutions for your unworkable fantasies. You've had plenty of time to develop a plan.The EU isn't your mummy.Grow up.You won, now deal with it. 
For everyone saying that Labour should be slaughtering the Tories as things are, it seems inescapably obvious to me that there's about 40% of the country who are furiously, obsessively pro-(hard) Brexit & will continue to vote Tory until that is/is not delivered come-what-may. 
So far, net Labour have lost seven seats across the West Midlands overall. The Tories are up 28. Follows the trend set by the election win of Andy Street for the mayoralty. Tories seem to be strengthening their grip in this key (Brexit voting) electoral region. 
Any form of Brexit will destroy jobs and lower standards of living. It is simply not possible to impose tariffs with our biggest trade partner without closing businesses & losing jobs. If Labour were true to their founding principles they would fight Brexit tooth & nail 
This IKEA dining set has more seats than UKIP #LocalElection2018 #Brexit #FBPE 
The vote that  @conservatives have now is largely a #Leave vote.They have an expectation. #Brexit has cast a shadow.People say that it's not mentioned on the doorstep. But it was such a VERY big choice.So Lab and Cons have matched each other point to point." #JohnCurtice-#wato 
Brexit is a principle not to be abandoned for $$£££... Freedom is hard won PLS sign Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
100% correct.#Brexit was a Cam/Osbo play to slap down #NigelFarage and the rightwing of the Cons, who hated those Hubris Bros. #UKIP is gone and the country is stuck with both the #Tories and a #BrexitShambles 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna tells hard Brexiters like Jacob Rees-Mogg to 'get real'  because their hard Brexit fantasy is just that: a fantasy. There is no majority for a hard Brexit.Please RT:  
I think I’m probably the only Brexiteer on the panel - I’m always in the minority on Brexit, says @CamillaTominey on @bbcquestiontime 
Impossible options, citizens' rights and why Scotland's youth has a lot to offer Europe. The latest #Brexit news is available here in this week's Scotland in Europe update:  
That is exactly what four people have told me in Germany today — all Germans but having spent time in the UK. Suffice it to say that, like me, they also cannot comprehend this attitude. Because with Brexit the shit will hit the fan in completely unprecedented ways.  
And many of us, @theresa_may, reject the vile anti-immigrant, racist climate created by your wretched Government. #Brexit #Windrush @HughQuarshie @catherinerusse2 @jemma_redgrave @Juliet945600 @Jennife10651535 @elizabethbuchan 
REALITY: Conservative Party electorate now Leave-dominated, must deliver on Brexit. Any betrayal on Brexit would be catastrophic for the government!  
No difference is no one from fishing industry is trying to interfere and postulate on your job/industry with dubious assertions whilst you are on ours. What happens with fishing Brexit doesn't affect your future/heritage as you'll move onto haranguing some other poor industry  
Tony Blair says that Brexit can still be stopped.  
And to think Cameron's fear of this lot plunged us into Brexit chaos  
If the Lib Dems taking Richmond Council is meant to show voters love their anti-Brexit stance, what are we meant to take from them losing 12 seats in Sutton, the backyard of vociferous anti-Brexiteer @thomasbrake? 
On a deeply personal level I cannot support a Tory Government that is destroying the social fabric of our society. Brexit or not. If you don’t vote Labour at the next GE will ensure we will get Tories ad infinitum. 
Canada is not enough: If you want Brexit to work, we need a far more comprehensive economic partnership than an FTA offers   via @politics_co_uk 
Great scoop by @PeterKGeoghegan today on @openDemocracy:A top Brexit minister had secretive meetings with controversial Legatum Institute, which is pushing for Hard Brexit.Why were they kept secret?  
Whoever thought #Corbyn was the messiah FFS? He’s a bloody disaster. Their Brexit policy is a disaster. THEY are a disaster. #Labour is a complicated party - supporting them is like hoping a chronic alcoholic will come good. I had enough a long time ago. 
.@joswinson – Brexit an influence on local election results, good night for pro-Europeans  
More Brexit good news: Manufacturing investment plans hit four-year high  
We are every woman – we are mothers, sisters, aunts, grandmothers and daughters. Join us on May 14 to call on all women and everyone who cares for women to use their vote in this referendum to remove the harmful Eighth Amendment from our Constitution.  
When did jumped up lawyers & economists become 'experts' & 'officials' of industry?Industry disagrees on most of your assertions-formed on personal anti-Brexit bias.Your futures dont depend on it as you'll move on to misrepresenting another poor industry so why skew our future?  
Dimbleby triggered when called out for BBC QT anti Brexit bias. Hilarious.  
We are not ready for “No Deal” and never will be. Nor does it remotely have majority support. Time to get ready for “No Brexit”? 
Labour’s pitch to former UKIP voters doesn’t look as tho it’s succeeded - they’ve mostly gone Tory. So I hope Lab will now seriously consider pitching to people like me - ‘centrists’, I suppose - who won’t vote Lab as long as Lab is supporting Brexit & is against a #PeoplesVote 
So Tony Blair is unforgivable for Iraq, Nick Clegg unforgivable for, I'm not sure what, Alistair Campbell and Peter Mandelson for hanging around with Blair - and yet May and Corbyn are forgiven for Brexit? Makes no sense.. 
Bank of America moving is moving 125 UK jobs to Ireland because of Brexit  
Some Labour people say Labour is powerless to stop #Brexit.There's a bitterly divided government, hanging on a DUP thread, with about 15 Tory MPs liable to defect on Brexit votes. If Labour is powerless in this situation then it should disband itself.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
And that’s why it seems a disappointment for Labour who faced with Brexit chaos, cabinet resignations, split Tory party, medical and immigration scandals might have been expected to do better than they have and a boost for Tories, who for same reasons may have expected worse. 
We are one of 52 organisations who have signed up to support close #futurepartnerships between the UK and Europe today. Continued partnership on medical research is vital to enable innovative research to be conducted across the UK and the EU post-#Brexit  
BIG shout to all the @Libdems who stood or campaigned in the locals. Win (and many did) or lose, you ALL contributed to the #libdemfightback and continue to do so. We stand against brexit, intolerance and unfairness in society and we will be heard! #ExitFromBrexit 
Grillo once again talking about a referendum on the euro  - those confused by M5S flip-flopping need to only understand one thing: M5S position on anything is what Grillo & Casaleggio decide. Always was, always will be. The rest is smoke and mirrors. 
Referendum was a vote to take back control of our trade policy. Any delays in implementing new customs arrangements must not be used as a ploy to keep Britain in the Customs Union permanently.  
Dear @Georgie_Cordy - Kind of you to worry about my business but as our client base is 90% UK,  Brexit isn't an issue. Our job is to  be nimble & protect clients from any market downturn.  As a Brit, my place is right here fighting for the values that make us Great Britain.  
.@CamillaTominey: The unelected chamber is there to scrutinise legislation, not thwart it…they should be honest and call it the ‘no Brexit’ amendment  
#LocalElection2018 The #UKIP vote collapsed across the country as their previous supporters become disillusioned with #brexit or, if not, conclude that the #Tories are the new UKIP... 
Back in 2016, when you were in the Brexit voting booth, were you thinking it would affect:Peace in Northern Ireland?The number of EU doctors in our NHS?Our ability to compete again EU companies?The value of the pound in your pocket?Our control over European laws? 
.@ChukaUmunna says after 8 years of “Tory misrule”, several cabinet resignations, Windrush and Brexit mess, Labour should have been making “much more progress”. Calling for official NEC post-mortem. > that’ll go down well with Corbyn. He’s on @skynews in next few mins. Tune in 
DELAYED: May delays key Brexit Customs Union bills because she's afraid she'll lose the vote.She's cutting it fine, almost like she doesn't want the UK to leave the Customs Union at all... 
Except for half of England, all of Northern Ireland, the Good Friday Agreement, Scotland, Gibraltar, @The3Million @InLimboBrexit - car manufacturing, aerospace industry, financial services sector, aviation, the NHS, the loss of 500+ global trade agreements.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Congratulations to all successful candidates in the local elections. Leaving the EU means more powers coming back to the UK which can be given to politicians at national and local level. All those elected yesterday should look to make the most of the opportunities Brexit presents 
London leads the global battle for financial supremacy – and the right policies can keep it ahead post-Brexit  via @BrexitCentral 
So the election solved nothing. Corbyn is claiming victory and his supporters are backing him even though he lost.May looks more steady.Brexit continues.It really needed to be a hammer blow. No more elections now before leaving.This has to be halted in parliament. 
British politics has been in a holding pattern since 2017... a relative divide between towns and cities - Two Englands, polarised by Brexit but much more besides...  
To anyone who assumes this referendum will pass- 80% of the undecided voters in marriage equality voted NO! With the current polls and the amount of unregistered young voters this referendum could be won/lost by a TINY margin so please make sure you are registered!!!! 
We now see that most of the main western economies slowed in the first quarter of 2018. The UK economy slowed as I predicted, both through the EU slowdown and from the change of  domestic policy designed to slow it. This had nothing to do with Brexit. 
TODAY 13.00 ON WESTMONSTER UNCENSORED:- Has the EU migrant crisis reached breaking point?- Local elections- UK's shameful treatment of Afghan interpreters- Brexit latest  
Tories annoyed Brexit not leaving time to bollocks up other things  
Tory record of failure:- NHS crisis - 8 year wage cap on public sector workers- Doubled the national debt to £1.9trn.- Windrush scandal - Brexit shambles - 10% wage decline - 1 million visitors per year to foodbanksAnd still they are ahead in the polls. Wake up people!  
The response to the #PeoplesVote shows us that making sure people get a say on the final Brexit deal is vital - we're now at 99% of our target! Help us reach 100% today!  
Results of recent YouGov polls - Most voters continue to believe immigration levels have been too high (& only 4% believe they are too low). The topic is also seen by respondents as one of the top 3 most important issues facing the country (along with Brexit & health).  
.@asabenn: Calm down Remainers: the local election results won't change Brexit  
Brexiteers voted tactically last night to support Brexit Tories. Mrs May is on notice to deliver a Brexit that means Brexit. No Customs union and no single market. She must deliver what 17.4 million voted for. We will be watching. 
“About 70% of Conservative voters are eurosceptic now, that’s really a warning signal to the Government. If they try and soften a lot of their positions on #Brexit I think they will probably suffer in the polls for it,” says @HughRBennett 
Professor Sir John Curtice has said that the local election results this year send "a clear signal" to the government that the strength of their electoral position depends on whether they can deliver a Brexit that appeals to Leave voters, reports the BBC. 
“If no profitability of continuing in the UK, no company can continue operations,” Japanese ambassador after talks betw Japanese leaders, inc from Hitachi/Mitsubishi/Mitsui/Nomura/ Panasonic/Nissan & UK Govt. Brexit high stakes betting via @financialtimes 
Hi everyone, great to be on Twitter! We're a group of Trinity Staff supporting #Together4Yes #TogetherForYes in the upcoming referendum. 
Many of London’s features are “Brexit-proof”: English Law, time zone and language. Plus, of course, the bedrock of skills, knowledge and infrastructure that London possesses which is hard to replicate, writes @DrGerardLyons  
#EUsuperheroes no.63 is Nicola Mini-Bond Abbott Remoy"As a #BritinEurope who didn’t get a vote in the #Referendum she is campaigning for votes for life. Day job: writing in plain English and helping people to understand how the single market/EEA works." 
Poet Benjamin Zephaniah says "I've had people calling me a n***** and telling me to go home" in recent years, which he connects to the Brexit vote.Listen to the full interview on the Ways to Change the World podcast here:  pic.twitter.com/NvX5GR4sww 
Can't keep waiting on Theresa May and her useless government. Have handed in my documents for German naturalisation.Just in time. Dual citizenship won't be possible after Brexit - just another one of those rights we all lose.Still hoping we can all escape this utter lunacy.  
I say this with the greatest of respect, but if you still voted for a Brexit party yesterday, knowing that it will lead to deepening austerity, it's time to have a serious word with yourself.  
Brexiteers desperately trying to get rid of Bercow & replace him with a more #Brexit friendly speaker. This is how democracy is lost, wake up people before it's too late! 
Nearly a third (31%) of chief financial officers in some of the biggest firms across the UK are gearing up to relocate staff away from the UK because of #Brexit, up 10% from summer 2017.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Petition to request a referendum to abolish the House of Lords now over 147,000. The local elections are over. Let's get it over 200,000. 
Scottish government to sue UK government over "illegal" Brexit bill (asserts it's unconstitutional, inconsistent with the Scotland Act establishing the Scottish parliament):  
This story was based on FOIs that took c six months of redrafting and resubmitting before DIT would supply even basic info. Seeing same across Whitehall but particularly Brexit depts. Lack of transparency is unparalleled in my experience  
House of Lords has done its constitutional duty in limiting damage caused by EU Withdrawal Bill, esp on Customs Union & Good Friday Agreement. Next step - #peoplesvote to stop Brexit entirely  
Gloomy view from Germany in today's FAZ: "With less than 11 months to go until Brexit the government in London is becoming increasingly incapable of action. The danger of a... disorderly Brexit is growing." 
You'd hope for better analysis from a former senior Ambassador. 'Weaponisation' = EU interests. 'Betrays the GFA' & 'Betrays the referendum' - we're all waiting on the solution that honours both  
This referendum and check the register are the best thing to ever happen to Eircode 
After 98 of 150 councils:Pro-#Brexit parties (#Conservatives, #Labour, #UKIP): -18 seatsPro-#Remain parties (#LibDems, #Greens): +47 seatsThe numbers speak for themselves...#StopBrexit 
I’m afraid England as a country is heading into very very dark times. Already very right wing, once post Brexit reality hits, poverty levels will soar, the perfect storm to lead to outright fascism. #noexaggeration 
The only thing the hard Brexit ideologues care about is being out of the EU in Mar 19. Then deal with the consequences. Legal chaos & damage to trade, economy & NHS - all a price worth paying. As long as we're out.The Prime Minister now shares that view. 
To make this worthwhile you really have to add in the Single Market as well. As wise heads predicted at the start, Brexit will take around 10 years to deliver.  
For a former diplomat, this tweet displays stunning ignorance. It was the UK that voted to Brexit with no consideration for the impact upon NI and the GFA which depends on a complex set of relationships across these islands. I am saying this from a liberal, centrist perspective.  
Polish President wants referendum to ask Poles about constitution  
Corbyn’s lost to elections in a row to a deeply incompetent, xenophobic, hard Brexit Tory party. What does that say about Corbyn? He’s not a winner, and this country badly needs a Labour leader who can defeat the Tories. #LocalElection2018 
Equally, they are just good enough to keep May in power, even though she cannot settle Brexit, let alone address the real problems Britain faces. So we are stuck with mediocre irrelevances who not only don't have the answers, but don't even understand the questions. 
If nothing else, last night's local elections prove the folly of the #FBPE brigade. Labour made most of their gains in Remain constituencies, but also managed to get 1/3 of UKIP voters in Leave constituencies. That wouldn't have happened if Labour opposed Brexit. #Election2018 
Also, given how close next GE is shaping up to be, UKIP does not need big poll numbers to exert Brexit leverage right now. It simply needs to pose a limited asymmetric threat, just as we did to Cameron pre his 2013 capitulation on a referendum. But UKIP must stay on the pitch. 
When will @OwenJones84 acknowledge that much of Labour's 2017 40% Surge was actually Remain voters being tactical to stop May's Hard Brexit. Now they have seen Corbyn's Hard Lexit plans they are now switching back to @libdems & @greens #ABTV to stop a Labour Lexit Landslide 
With a heavy heart, after a lifetime of Labour support yesterday I voted for anti Brexit candidates. By failing to respond to Brexit Corbyn has sold out working people, putting ideology above jobs & services, betraying Labour’s founding principle of protecting the poor & the weak 
Despite their obliteration, we can rest assured @BBCr4today @BBCWorld and @BBCPolitics will continue to make them more prominent than the 16 million+ whose lives and businesses are being turned upside down by Brexit - Systemic bias against a full new vote!  
Listen to me schooling @IanDunt on the parallels between Brexit and Avengers: Infinity War on @RemainiacsCast 
#Brexit will damage the livelihood of our farmers. Chile has indicated that it will not roll-over the existing EU-Chile Free Trade Agreement unless the UK makes concessions in the agricultural sector. #52brexitfacts 
Labour’s failure in the #LocalElection2018 have nothing what so ever to do with:CorbynBrexitAnti Semitic racismMomentumOwen JonesiAaron BastaniPaul MasonThe Corbynista IncompetenceArroganceDelusional politics #Honest 
So what time today is Theresa May making her statement that she's cancelling Brexit because FBPE voters "sent her message" by not voting for Labour?  
tbh a hung parliament ending in a coalition in which Labour had to cede a second referendum to the LibDems in exchange for never letting Vince Cable near anything that looked like an austerity budget would not break my heart. 
Important  point from Sir John Curtice polling guru“it seems to me that what the Conservative Party must be able to do in the coming weeks and months is to deliver on Brexit in a way that will satisfy the aspirations of Leave voters."  So must @UKLabour @labourleave 
Brexit is already hurting our economy. Join the campaign for a People’s Vote campaign to get a say on the Brexit deal.  
How's that "people are coming together over Brexit" working out for you Theresa?  
Same point made again by another expert. Tough for many hardworking UKIP candidates, but the party was set up for one dominant purpose - to free the UK from the EU and the Tory Govt simply has to deliver this or lose power. That is a good position for the Brexit mission to be in.  
ALLIES: Britain and Poland to have strong relationship post-Brexit.One Tory MP thinks Poland could be the next country to leave the EU... 
The Labour Party cannot win by being a #Brexit party. That is glaringly obvious. A radical broad church that is pro European would clean up. We need new young leaders that look like the UK in the 21st century. We need to govern and rescue the UK.  
I'm no psephologist, but hurling abuse at people unpersuaded of the European Union's magnificence for having voted for Brexit doesn't seem to have persuaded many of them to change their minds & back Remain after all.Mr James O'Bnoxious doesn't do irony.  
To the many #FBPE types who have spent the last few weeks demanding that as a remainer I should vote anyone but Labour to "stop #Brexit", tell me, how well did that work out for you?Is #Brexit finished now? Congratulations, your votes gave #Tories more hope.#FBPEIsStupid 
Coming to the march for a #peoplesvote in London on June 23rd? Get yourself an official t-shirt and show your support for a People's Vote on the final #Brexit deal! 
How will Labour excuse their worse than expected performance?a. Denial. It's amazing we even had such high expectations!b. The Daily Mailc. The BBC and NewsNightd. People causing a fuss over anti-Semitisme. Brexit confusing voters 
Frightening isn’t it? We’re sleep walking into the chaos and devastation of a hard Brexit, the Tories are mired in the Windrush scandal and yet if it were a GE, this would have been the result.  
After last night’s election results, could it be any more obvious? Elections and politicians are not going to sort out the mess that is Brexit. We’re going to have to rely on the Courts. Support #A50Challenge Support #A50Scotland 
WATCH | Polling expert Sir John Curtice: "70% of the Conservative vote are people who voted Leave. What the Conservative Party has to do is deliver on Brexit in a way that will satisfy the aspirations of Leave voters"  #Election2018Support us at  
Labour not opposing Brexit when 70% of Labour voters oppose Brexit is a bit of a problem. 
He didn't think Brexit would happen. He didn't mean to hurt us.If you want more people to have the bravery to say that, watch and learn:I recognised and appreciated his point of view, which I genuinely do, before passing comment. Judgement is unhelpful. 
Brexit is going to happen. It’s no use demanding @jeremycorbyn stop it.He can’t. And all those who said they wouldn’t vote Labour because of it are so clueless it’s unreal.But next time: they won’t be able to use the “stop Brexit” argument. It will have happened. 
This is good news for Brexit voters everywhere, even if UKIP diehards are feeling glum today. Keep our eyes on the Brexit prize.  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  147,000 Signatures to abolish the Lords. The main media ignore this large growing petition so RETWEET IT Now! 
Ireland has the backing of European leaders to collapse Brexit trade talks next month if Theresa May fails to force through a customs pact that avoids a hard border in the North.EU backs Irish right to veto Brexit trade deal | News | The Times  
Dear Leavers, please stop moaning about “respecting the referendum result”. 1: it was based on lies (where’s the £350m..?!) 2: only a small % of the electorate voted to leave 3: it was advisory 4: the “will of the people” is now to stay 5: Brexit is treacherously unpatriotic 
#LocalCouncilElections20181) Remainers have sent a clear message to #Labour - ignore us at your peril. #ABTV denied #Corbyn victory. 2) #Labour needs to become an anti-Brexit party and oppose this government.3) If Labour refuses to change course #Corbyn is finished 
Pro Remain Lib Dems number of councillors up 14%. Pro Remain Green Party up 37%. Pro Brexit UKIP down 98%. What kind of message could the electorate possibly be trying to convey??  
UKIP voters switched to the Tories en masse last night, saving Theresa May from a humilating collapse in #Election2018. Now she MUST deliver a proper Brexit, or her party will be finished.Support us at  
This is the #Brexit dividendNeither major party wants to lead- May is deferring and obfuscating- Corbyn is essentially hiding Both are relying on tribalism & "core vote"Meanwhile nothing is, or will, get done, for a long long time whilst the RoW moves on  
I'm not sure there's ever been a ballot where a significant swathe of the electorate couldn't tell you what would constitute a 'good' result for people of their political persuasion. It's not just about Brexit, either. Strange times. 
#Election2018:- Greens now the 4th largest party - Ukip has been wiped out- Ukip voters have gone over to Tories- Labour's strategy of appeasing Ukip on #Brexit has failed- Labour is failing to effectively oppose this horrible, shambolic government 
These are the facts: The Tories have #UKIP propping them up in the country...and the DUP in Parliament.If #TheresaMay is ousted, it will be for someone even more to the Right.The @conservatives now will become the Party of #Brexit.Like the GOP has become the Party of  Trump.  
Well, the largest gains were for the unashamedly anti-brexit party, so I'm taking some crumbs of comfort from that. 
Worst thing Tories could do after appearing to survive last night is become even more complacent. Nowhere near fixing housing crisis, they can’t make a decision on lunch let alone Brexit, and huge swathes of the population believe this Govt doesn’t worry about them 
Britain 'will not be able to leave customs union until 2023', ministers told | Brexiteers fear Gavin Williamson is under pressure to back May's customs plan | EU backs Ireland’s threat to veto Brexit deal | Manufacturing investment plans hit four-year high  
#Brexit is too big a decision to be left in the hands of the politicians alone. We, the people, must have the final say on Brexit.Join thousands of people from across the country on June 23rd to demand a #peoplesvote on the final deal. 
Former UK chancellor George Osborne has warned that his predictions about the economic impact of Brexit are starting to come true  
"Extraordinary emails lay bare a secret kitchen cabinet charting the course for a hard Brexit, off the books, behind closed doors." 
Rees-Mogg nails simple point – NO DEAL BREXIT means NO FINANCIAL liability to bloated EU  
As far as I can make out, the local elections are a victory/loss for everyone/no-one, a sign people love Corbtn/May, a sign people hate Corbyn/May, a result for Brexit/a result against Brexit. Me, I think they're a reflection of the 'meh' majority of the country. 
5 things we have learned from the #localelections 1. The Brexit divide now dominates British politics.  
We have the worst government I have ever known. #Labour should have walked this.I don't know if #ABTV made a scrap of difference but it's about time Corbyn realised that Labour voters don't want Brexit.#StopBrexit 
A few conclusions from last night:Labour have their Brexit position spot onTories heavily reliant on Leave voters Lib Dems heavily reliant on Remain votersUKIP are deader than the dodo#Election2018 
David Mundell has refused to give MSPs a guarantee that Westminster will not overrule them if they withhold consent for key Brexit legislationWhile this would not veto the legislation, it would provide evidence a lack of respect for Scots by the British Gov#YouYesYet 
Bedroom TaxRape ClauseWindrush Brexit chaosDaily reminders of how incompetent & heartless the current UK Govt is and YET Labour barely make any significant gains. How about you actually start being a proper opposition on brexit Jeremy instead of abstaining constantly!  
European Union faces major HEADACHE as good Brexit deal for Britain will ENRAGE Norway  
Margaret Thatcher would not have voted for Brexit, says her former Downing Street aide - The Telegraph  
Super graphic here of the Brexit options (or lack there of!) by Rutgers Uni #fpbe #brexit #localelections2018 
Analysis: How important was the Brexit effect?  
It's what we can do after Brexit that matters. In the future, to stay on top the City needs to be aware of increased competition from New York – and indeed from financial centres across Asia. We must be free to compete with these, writes @DrGerardLyons 
Brexit disarray, Grenfell, Windrush, an NHS at breaking point, rising child poverty and homelessness and still Labour can’t dent this clusterfuck of a government. I can’t remember a more depressing time politically and it absolutely sucks. 
Excellent introductory meeting with Foreign Minister Nicos Christodoulides. Shared interest in building a strong forward looking relationship between UK and #Cyprus as we prepare for Brexit. I reiterated UK support for just, democratic and lasting solution to Cyprus issue  
Legatum’s “extraordinary” secretive monthly meetings with Brexit minister.  New exclusive on @openDemocracy reveals true extent of Legatum's access to UK ministers 
Hi Paul. Glad you've finally woken up that you need centrist votes. I'm a centrist from SE England. You're never getting my vote while you enable Brexit.All the best. 
George, with respect, you miss the point. There can be no national renewal with Brexit, just more Thatcherism, which is the Farage/Mogg/Lawson project. First step in national renewal: stop Brexit. Second step: massive programme of housebuilding & renewing NHS & education  
NEW: UK could stay in EU customs union for years after Brexit transition officials from both sides now say. By me and @CharlieCooper8 for @POLITICOEurope. Interesting that @TimRoss_1 and @pmdfoster hearing the same thing. May's next big challenge 
It’s now patently clear that there is no point Labour chasing the UKIP vote. Its members were always going to go home to the Tories. Time to be true to our beliefs as internationalists & stop Brexit. 
In a very Tory ward, after 3 recounts, with a final majority of 6. And his whole campaign was an anti-Brexit ticket.  
Please, Labour friends, don’t say ‘just a failure of expectations management’. It was a failure, period. We now have to regroup. Lesson One: with Govt on ropes on biggest issue of a generation - Brexit - oppose them relentlessly on that & don’t keep trying to change the subject 
READ | To delay Brexit is to obstruct the public will. Never mind the opportunity this gives Remainers to reverse the referendum, staying in the Single Market for so long is simply unacceptable.   
Party that started Brexit Party running Brexit Party that wants to run Brexit Parties that don't want Brexit  
A life long Labour voter, I've heard a lot about Labour's "red lines".Well @jeremycorbyn - here is my own personal "red line" Any party that fails to stand up against Brexit from here on in will never EVER get my vote again.Hope that makes things clear!#localelections2018 
No doubt at all in my mind that a centrist Labour party led by someone like @ChukaUmunna would attract voters from other parties including Remain Tories and win, win, win. You'd eviscerate the disastrous May government and Brexit and be in power for a decade. #LocalElections2018 
Summary: 70% of the Conservative vote is Leave. If the Conservatives want their vote to turn-out, deliver a meaningful Brexit. (This isn’t complicated politics).  
The big message for the Conservatives from the local elections is that Leave voters will back them if they deliver Brexit. If they fail to deliver it, Corbyn will be in No.10. 
.@EdwardJDavey : People are fed up with this government and are looking for a party that has been principled on Europe, and want the people to have the final say on the Brexit deal 
I have read that the UK has £60 Billion in Premium Bonds.Now imagine if people wanted to hurt the government?Imagine if all Brexit voters withdrew their money at the same time. HMG would have to borrow £30 Billion immediately. Ouch. 
Result so far are a great night for @LibDems Corbyn and his team will be under more pressure to change their stance on #brexit as a result of this vote.The prospect of an #ExitFromBrexit increases. 
An Opposition which chooses not to oppose can't be surprised when it fails to make gains from one of the worst UK governments in memory.@UKLabour need to take a long hard look at their policy on Brexit.Appeasing Ukippers was never going to work. 
Message to the #Conservative party from its core vote is very clear (70% leave) Trusting us to deliver a clean #Brexit UKIP vote that denied us so many seats in the past has come home. We must deliver. 
This week senior Tory minister resigns, cabinet utterly divided on customs union, signs of economy stalling as Brexit looms. And Tory vote goes UP outside London in local elections.  
LAB started from a v high point yet made gains from 2014. To improve was always tough. UKIP collapse has largely favoured the Tories showing an anti Brexit policy is flawed. We are slightly better than  GE2017 vote share despite the media onslaught. A platform for a future GE.  
Poor night for Labour. Being Brexit lite won't work. Labour Leave voters won't accept Corbyn no matter what. Stop trying to appease them. Be bold Labour: embrace the SM, CU and Remain. Make the Tories own this Brexit mess. Be a real Remain alternative. You'll win.  #Election2018 
“... I would like to thank my agent and the police. It is an honour to be elected to serve the people of West Tyrone. I look forward to taking my seat in Westminster,as the first border to do so, and screwing up Brexit from the inside, as I’ve been doing from the outside. Thanks”  
Labour needs to regain momentum, having lost it last night. How? Engage in the big battle of the day - stopping Brexit - where we also have lots of moderate Tory allies in Commons & Lords. Don’t fudge & mudge on the biggest issue of our generation & Britain’s future prosperity! 
We chatted with this man for a good 10 minutes. Lovely man. Not a mean bone in his body. That's exactly why he regrets voting Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
I seem to remember Jean-Claude Juncker declaring that English would become an insignificant language after Brexit ... The EU must be looking forward to the departure of this spiteful little burke  
A fantastic 10.8% swing to @LibDems from Conservatives across Richmond, with @libdems taking the council from the Tories.There can be little doubt that #Brexit played a significant part in this result.  
3/ UK dynamic remains: about 40% quite happy with xenophobia, racism, austerity + Brexit - progressives can win if they make alliance... 
So no great landslide for #Labour and No Tory collapse. What does that tell Labour? That even with the worst government in living memory and a cruel, demented prime minister deliberately working against the national interest, they can’t cut it. Wrong leader, wrong Brexit policy. 
What Labour must do:* Mean it on anti-semitism* Stop playing politics with Brexit* Create a broad ChurchIt owes this to those who depend on it. 
Message of local elections: concentrate on the big things that matter to the voters. Labour will stand or fall in next year on whether we stop Brexit & win the biggest argument in Britain today: that our future prosperity lies in Europe 
Hilarious.  Brexit blocking lefties a little less cocky this morning  
Brexit seems to be one endlessly cynical process of kicking the can marked "too difficult" down the road.Newsflash: the road runs out in 47 weeks.  
So Tories haven't done too  badly in #Election2018 WTAF is wrong with you, England?  Windrush, meh; continued cuts across police and fires services, meh; Brexit "negotiations, meh; collapsing NHS, meh..I could go on.  What does it take for you to turn on these bastards? 
So far the pro European @TheGreenParty and @LibDems are up by 50 council seats, many more than the pro Brexit @UKLabour and @Conservatives #LocalElection 
Waking up to the results of the English #LocalElections. I'm not one to give @UKLabour advice, but when over 70% of your supporters are strongly pro-EU & you became a raging Brexit Party, you are NOT going to win votes! 
Dear Labour1. Revise your stance on Brexit.2. Sort out your antisemitism. 
Also, it's clear that despite all the Westminster hysteria, Theresa May is retaining support for her Brexit strategy amongst those voters the Tory party needs. That has big implications for the supposed customs union rebellion. 
We’ve done well in leave areas. Conservative electorate disproportionately Leave (70%) John Curtis reminding us that if Cons don’t deliver #Brexit, we could be toast in future elections. The anger towards us would be felt.  
The state of this:@bbclaurak: Voters have voted for "the status quo"Results at 0608: Anti-Brexit parties +50Pro-Brexit parties -62Doesn't look like a status quo to me#election2018 #fbpe #stopbrexit 
‘Indeed, a striking feature of the current referendum campaign has been the number of obstetricians and gynaecologists working at the frontline, treating pregnancies with risk, who have felt the need to speak out’. Great piece by Noel Whelan today.  
A fairly clear picture: voters have rejected the two main parties who are offering a disastrous Brexit and completely smashed the absurd ex-party that persuaded them to vote for it#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
So that's Scotland, Northern Ireland and Gibraltar all gone after Brexit. How is that getting your country back? Also, if it's a hard Brexit, expect the Falklands to be re-renamed the Malvinas if we want any form of WTO trade.  
Next District Council meeting in Richmond:“Any other business?”Lib Dems raise their hands.“Any other business that ISN’T about Brexit?”Lib Dems lower their hands. 
Brexit 'impossible challenge' for environment and trade departments  
UPDATE: Between them the Lib Dems and Labour have gained SIX TIMES as many councillors as the Tories. UKIP, much loved by the clapped-out BBC,  has died right in front of our eyes. As should Brexit  
Leader of Hammersmith & Fulham Council Labour Cllr @StephenCowan with some strong words on Brexit in his victory speech: #SWLCE2018 #LBHF #Election2018 
The truth is Brexit represented a huge chance for the Lib Dems, and they are going nowhere fast.Has any other single individual destroyed a mainstream party in the way @nick_clegg did? Honest question. 
LibDems gain 9 seats from Labour in Hull. Hull voted 68% Leave in the referendum. 
New Richmond Council leader @Gareth_Roberts_  says that voters in the borough have rejected Brexit #LocalElection2018 
This is how you do an anti-Brexit vote. Go #Richmond! 
UK COUNCIL ELECTIONS(After 77 of 150 councils)Lab    +18   (Councillors)Con   +26LD      +23Grn     +7UKIP   -83Other  +9Brexit parties  -39  (Lab, Con, UKIP)All others        +39  (LD, Grn, Other)#LocalElection2018 
All those working class people that vote Tory I wonder if they realise that when they get a shit deal with brexit and they loose their jobs there will be no benefits they can claim. Get ready for homelessness and poverty. Maybe find the local food bank. Be prepared #ToryBritain 
Excellent news from the president of @BarnardCollege - divisive and bigoted BDS referendum REJECTED: “Choosing a side... would be inconsistent with our mission.” #NormalcyRestored 
Tories taking an absolute pounding in Richmond and Twickenham. Lib Dem #Brexit strategy paying off there #LocalElections2018 
SHAME on HILARY BENN Gloating about Remainers voting in Council Ekections because of Brexit. So you all don't give a SHIT about Education, Libraries, Transport, Social Care ... Blairites and Tories will CUT THESE SERVICES EVEN FUCKING FURTHER! Well Done  
The Left:“I believe in Democracy, unless it’s Brexit or Trump. Brexit must be reversed and Trump impeached”“I believe in free speech, well my freedom of speech, you can disagree but it’s a hate crime”“I believe in equal rights. Unless you’re a white, working class male” 
#ABTV I’m pleased to report in my ward we deposed an active Brexit supporting Tory & installed a lovely Remain #LibDem 
#Localelections2018 show Brexit and Corbyn aren’t working for Labour 
WATCH | @Michael_Heaver: The Tories may be getting UKIP vote this time around but they better deliver on Brexit."If they move away from delivering a full Brexit - no ifs, buts or maybes - it's going to really, really hurt them electorally."  
Lib Dems now calling Richmond a gain. They’re formidable local campaigners and this is Vince Cable’s own backyard. However, this is still a surprise result. Likely the Brexit effect (70% Remain). 
Messages so far.1. The Tories have absorbed UKIP.2. Labour has wrongly chased Brexit voters.3. Lib Dems recovering in former strongholds.4. Greens breaking new ground. 
Reasons why Labour have done badly tonight:1. Brexit2. Relentless media attacks on Corbyn3. Centrists/Blairites deliberately creating divisions4. The Tories scooping up the votes of right wing extremists because they're policies are now more racist than UKIP. #Election2018 
The Lib Dem’s have won 11 new councillors tonight.Is Brexit stopped now? #election2018 
#Elections2018 Labour should not be "neck & neck" with the Tories at this stageCorbyn & his Pro #brexit stance means two thingsLabour will never win power under his leadershipLabour will never be able to make a difference 
Did you vote leave because you were told by #Brexit backing politicians that economic warnings were #projectfear and/or EU27 economies were collapsing anyway.Well this is what’s currently happening, UK bottom of the pile & we not even left yet! Why not be #remainernow ?? 
Local elections in England show the Conservatives doing better than expected due to the decline in the UKIP vote.Tories are thus becoming more dependent on Leave voters, especially in Leave areas. Failure to secure a real Brexit could therefore seriously undermine them in future. 
John Curtice with a potentially unwelcome message for some Tories and Tory MPs - the party has a Leave voter base and has to deliver the Brexit they demand if the party is to keep hold of them. 
So many Corbynites on Twitter failing to comprehend why some people haven't voted Labour tonight. Step away from the Twitter echo chamber and critically engage with these people and you'll understand their (legitimate) concerns over Brexit-supporting Corbyn #Election2018 
John Curtice making point that all 3 major parties' vote share going up from 2014 locals but Tory share going up more because they're profiting more from UKIP collapse. Because of BREXIT. Hope Labour #stopbrexit 'moderates' are getting the memo. They should STFU  #Election2018 
No surprise to me the Conservatives are gaining UKIP voters. The working man knows Labour under Corbyn wil betray them & Brexit #Election2018 
WORLD OVER TONIGHT: Card. Raymond Burke on calls to clarify Church teaching, George Weigel and @declanganley on the Irish referendum. @EWTN NOW and 1am E/ 10pm PT 
But Labour was supposed to have sewn up the student vote. Looks like Corbyn is paying the penalty for backing #brexit Students overwhelming support @LibDems @vincecable 's call for an #ExitFromBrexit  
This is the price you pay for sitting on your hands abstaining constantlyThe price for enabling a hard Tory BrexitWhy vote Labour if you can get what you want from the Tory party? Its a measure of how far down that xenophobic road England has gone, too far to turn back 
#NigelFarage with a message for the #Eurocrats: "You're losing, folks! #Brexit is the first brick out of the wall. You've learnt none of the lessons. The days of this project are over!"  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives 
BREXIT: The govt is massively underprepared for the 'impossible challenge' of #Brexit, according to a damning report  
At this stage of Tory tenure, #Brexit disaster & #Windrush injustice, Labour should be wiping the floor with the tories.They are not.Couldn't be anything to do with their leader, could it?  #Election2018 
"By not supporting Labour in local elections you've ensured a Tory hard Brexit!"I'm sorry. Has it been us sitting in parliament, whipping MPs to vote with the Tories and/or abstaining?No, it was Labour and your mate Jeremy Corbyn.Don't blame us for remembering the facts. 
UKippers know that most Labour members aren't Leavers, and they'd be happier with the Tories. Corbyn couldn't see this, and ditched Labour's Remainers on his own vanity project. Labour won't win by backing the Tories right wing brexit. Get real Labour! 
This is significant. Sunderland voted to leave. They were lied to. They stand the most to lose in Brexit - their jobs. The North East of England will be hit worst by all Brexit scenarios. Shit just got real.  
Time for Corbyn and McDonnell to crawl back under their stones to allow The Labour Party to start moving forwards again.Labour voters are 3/4 Remainers, all the cretins have done so far is chase UKIP voters and promote Brexit, strategically and morally wrong. 
They were people trying to stop Brexit. Unfortunately, Labour doesn’t care. ‘Remain voters destroyed Tory majority by flocking to Labour as 'best bet' to stop a hard Brexit, finds study’ 
I voted UKIP once, like millions, as a means to an end. To put pressure on the Tories to grant an EU Referendum. It worked. The media continue to report the UKIP demise as if it’s news. It really isn’t. I didn’t vote today, for the first time since I was old enough to vote. 
Well I know the results in so far are very early but it looks as if @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn should have listened to us #FBPE and opposed Brexit. They will never out Brexit the Tories who are hoovering up UKIP votes and they have alienated many pro Europeans. Tragic waste! 
Post-Midnight latest: Tories think they'll "just" hold onto Swindon and take Dudley. But will lose Trafford to Labour, and Richmond to Lib Dems. The latter not expected, and would be a major anti-Brexit protest. 
If Jeremy Corbyn can't make big gains in the middle of a Parliament with Theresa May as PM, #BrExit looking uncertain and the BBC pushing endless Windrush and NHS stories all week then you know we are well passed #PeakCorbyn 
I do not know how @roakleyIRL Can objectively look at the edition his paper has just published and not accept that his paper is overtly campaigning in the referendum, instead of covering it. 
By the time we leave, statistically, your majority will be pushing up the daisies, and nearly a million people, too young to vote at the time of the referendum, will be of voting age.The will of the people? Nah, Brexit will be the will of dead people. 
The circle that is still impossible to square. Either there is a border in the Irish Sea, or the UK remains in the Customs Union. Fin.#WDYM #Brexit  
Seems Labour are having a disaster outside London, and London may not see the gains they promised. Hope this points towards Labour being rejected in the heartlands & inspires Tories to go harder on Brexit & reject the London chattering class agenda & give us actual conservatism 
Here's my prediction though I'd like to be wrong. @UKLabour will not do well because our #Brexit stance is wrong. Our policies are great but our leadership is not good enough. The Tories are the most incompetent I have seen in my lifetime and we should be 20 points ahead. 
.@mattforde on Labour’s Brexit unicorn: “A cut to GDP of between 3, 5 and 8%, whichever way you sell it, is a recession. There is no ‘jobs first’ Brexit, it’s a total fantasy.”#BBCQT 
“What the hell is the point of Brexit?” Time to take the #facts to the people! Everything many wanted to say about #Brexit, written down eloquently & succinctly by @GuitarMoog. Today in @PoliticsMeans. #FBPE #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FactChecking #StopBrexit 
Me and most my mates solidly working class and 100% not duped by  idiocy of Brexit  
.@mattforde pulls apart Labour’s ‘Brexit for jobs’ nonsense.“Hearing a leading Labour politician talking about a ‘Brexit for jobs’ is heartbreaking. The Labour Party should be doing everything to stop this, not sign up to slogans that promote us leaving the EU”Superb. #BBCQT 
#BBCQT Well done @CamillaTominey for picking up on @mattforde conflating the #Windrush scandal with Brexit and Brexit voters. It was a pathetic attempt at denigrating Leave voters as being somehow backward and racist.I voted Leave. Give the Windrush generation their UK papers! 
@NightOwlsNE as you ask, our favourite superhero is @albawhitewolf#EUSupergirl because the North East will be the WORST hit by Brexit. She has done a lot of good work in the region helping us to stop this madness!  
Yet another anti-Brexit panel on BBC Question Time. It happens week in, week out and we shouldn't be forced to pay our licence fee for it.  
Usual #bbcqt balance with one Brexiteer on panel of five - and to add insult to injury - David Dimbleby attempts to silence @CamillaTominey when she attempts to counter others' anti-Brexit asides (only watching because - #saddo - I'm waiting for local elxn prog) 
As always on #bbcqt Brexit discussion revealing. A panel that largely says "experts say" & "Lords doing their job", while majority of audience contributions understand what democracy really means & sigh at inability of so many 'experts' to get it @bbcquestiontime 
Just in case anyone forgot, Leave won the Referendum. A majority voted to Leave the EU. How can it be justified that every single panel has been majority Remain since the Referendum? Answer: It can’t. And we’re paying for the “privilege”. 
Remember those terrible riots of 2015, everybody running around demanding a referendum on Europe? No, me neither.#Brexit#FBPE 
Honestly: I could cry when I see people not making that link. There is nothing more local than Brexit and so many just cannot, or don’t want to, see  that. 
Call me stupid, but why is Labour insisting that local elections have nothing to do with Brexit and are only about local issues, while Corbyn is urging voters to vote Labour to send May a message about Tory handling of NHS? 
The UK economy is tanking following the Brexit vote, something you never hear on the BBC. #BBCQT 
.@mattforde says Labour should be opposed to Brexit, rather than coming up with slogans in support of it, like "a jobs Brexit" #bbcqt 
Just before the EU referendum Martin Lewis made this film about Brexit for our friends at @bbcthisweek - saying "anyone who tells you they know what will happen is a liar." #bbcqt 
Excellent response from the guy in the #bbcqt audience to the condescending 'comedian'."I voted Brexit for the future, not the past." 
"I voted Brexit for the future!"lolYou voted Brexit because you're a gammon. +570  
+57% for @LibDems ??? Looks like Sunderland grasped what #Brexit really means ... 
Was the Express in favour of reforming the House of Lords?No.Not until the Lords stood up against the govt taking Britain over the cliff edge with Brexit to the serious detriment of the country.  #bbcqt 
Brexit regrets 
The Brexiteer on the panel is saying that if you didn’t vote you supported Brexit. Bollocks.  What about all of us British Citizens who weren’t allowed a vote?  What about all the EU citizens living in the U.K. for years not allowed a vote whilst Commonwealth citizens were. 
Sorry but granting someone employed by a dangerous cult free reign to spread lies on a massively followed account 3 weeks from a referendum isn't an oversight. It's negligent and harmful 
Express journo trying to make out she's the only Brexiteer on the #bbcqt panel. Only two political parties are represented on the panel (Tory & Labour), and both back Brexit. 
Local election officials wrongly turn away EU citizens.First the EU referendum is gerrymandered. Now this.Bring back democracy. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.#FBPE 
.@CamillaTominey says the House of Lords are trying to reverse the referendum result #bbcqt 
Sunday Express's Camilla Tominey blocked me for politely questioning her repeated untrue assertions of a Brexit dividend & asking if she really believed what she was saying. Unlike politicians as a "journalist" she always receives an appearance fee for spouting her cr*p! #BBCQT 
For the sake of breaking thru the Brexit crust, I hope the Weirs phone up Robin McAlpine on Monday, give him (or @ScotConvention) his needed budget for 4 years, & then let the #indy movement match it. Because he's the man with the plan: 
Repeat: 2 years after referendum, 1 year after warning of dire economic consequences if we didn’t get the negotiation right, she hasn’t even begun negotiating, and doesn’t even know what to ask for when she does.Repeat: our jobs are at stake. We know this because she told us. 
BREAKING: Any attempt to undermine a November referendum on a controversial law to expand Arizona’s school voucher program is dead on arrival in the Senate. Republicans @KateMcGeeAZ and @bob_worsley say they'll vote against repeal. 
What I don’t get is that if you want to collapse Brexit if you really wanted to collapse it then a vote for Labour everywhere would bring Theresa May’s Tory Govt down and quite possibly Brexit with it!! But nah!! Get Corbyn.. the libfibs always have always will be Tory enablers 
I’d loved to have voted for Labour in Wandsworth today. Voted Labour at the GE, love my MP Rosena.But I’m not voting for a Brexit party, so I voted Green and 2 LDs. 
My predictions for #LocalElection2018 Labour vote will hold up (Will break records in London, specifically)Huge spike in Lib Dem support (Anti-Brexit)Tories obliterated, except in the Home Counties (Brexit-Fuckwit Heartland)May, finished. 
Excl: Theresa May holds back Brexit bills from Commons until Autumn to duck defeats to keep UK in customs union;  
#CampaignFinance More evidence of illegal activity by the #LeaveEU campaigners during the #referendum campaign: 
the fact Americans have the A U D A C I T Y to try and interfere in our referendum that has nothing to do with them whatsoevercoughs this is why nobody likes America coughs 
Coming up on @bbctheview the MP who rarely does interviews has done an interview. Lady Sylvia Hermon on Brexit, Nigel, Arlene, a United Ireland and the small matter of trying to keep North Down out of @duponline hands 
'We'll be left out' Germany moans over UK’s plans protect British fishermen after Brexit.Shame, do we care, NO!  
Mrs May's Brexit policy seems to be 'let's worry about this later' - but the clock is ticking.  
No such thing as "hard Brexiteers".Just people who accept the Referendum result and supported it.Whinge all you like. You lost and people were clearly informed and decided what they were wanting to vote for.  
18 months since Trump.23 months since Brexit.And the trend towards protectionism shows no signs of slowing down.My podcast interview with @chucktodd on dissatisfaction, disruption, and disorder @nbcnews #UsVsThem↓ ↓ 
nope, a tiny majority of those who were allowed to and could be arsed to vote voted "leave" in an advisory referendum. Not the "majority of the country". The "majority of the country" just wants Brexit to go away (as would be reasonable) before it totally ruins the country. 
I've lived here since I was 6 and I'm 45 now, I speak Dutch with a Scottish accent. I voted LibDem today. After Brexit, when my partner and I move to the Continent he will have more rights in our new home than I will in the country I have lived and paid taxes in for 40 years. 
I don’t understand why you and your fellow MPs of all parties aren’t doing their best to secure the best deal and best Brexit for all of us?Dereliction of duty?I’m gutted Remain lost, but if we don’t go with the public’s wishes, then we are a banana republic. 
IT’S THE LOCAL ELECTIONS CORBYN ISNT ON THE BALLOT ANYWHERE VOTE FOR YOUR LOCAL SERVICES FUCK A BREXIT SWEET BABY JESUS JUST FORGET BREXIT FOR LITERALLY 24 HOURS  
Furious British voters denied right to vote for first time in history by May’s controversial ID scheme.First the gerrymandered Brexit referendum. Now this.Restore democracy. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.#FBPE 
“The frustrating thing about all this is that Number 10 has not done the work to prepare us for leaving the customs union. It’s two years on from the referendum now - it’s not as if they weren’t warned.”  
If you legit voted Lib Dem in the local elections as a Brexit protest vote they should take your vote away and give it to aborted foetuses, who have more functioning brain cells 
Ireland: Enquiry, Tribunal, Referendum, Repeat. 
I hate to break it to you, but even if you only look at the last 3 years, @theSNP have won 4 national elections and helped to achieve a majority remain vote in Scotland during the EU Referendum. It won’t be taking any votes for granted in the run up to 2021 or 2022. 
“It will be in Labour’s interest to oppose, not appease, the drastic blow to our future that is Brexit.” @Will_DryOFOC on the poll which shows that Labour’s vote share would plummet if the party is seen to side with Conservatives in going ahead with Brexit  
Decision made in our family. If Brexit happens, we are leaving. All Brexiters, yes you, can now offer to drive us to the airport. It’s liberating to have a solid plan, Brexit - leave, no Brexit - stay. The fact that we had that conversation would have been unthinkable 2 yrs ago. 
Unless Brexit is reversed, these are the last local elections in which the 3 million EU citizens can vote, marking the first mass disenfranchisement in the history of British democracy. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
In no particular order: Grenfell, Windrush, Cambridge Analytica, Austerity, Brexit, DUP...... #politicalpriorities 
Broke: • using this referendum to get elected • using this referendum to get laidWoke: • using this referendum to get free lunches 
the actual chancellor thinks Brexit is heading for a “car crash” and everyone seems kind of sanguine 
#Brexit means leaving the Customs Union. A fudge is unacceptable to Leavers and would reflect the painful inability of some in the Government to acknowledge the implications of Brexit.  
** URGENT **We're asking all of our volunteers and supporters to please remember to check the register today. Tomorrow is the last day to send in a form to guarantee to get your vote registered for the referendum on the 25th May. #Register4Yes 
By forcing Britain into a customs union, MPs would be taking Britain back on the path of closer EU political union, the ultimate goal of customs union.Precisely what British voters rejected in the referendum.  These MPs would cease to be democrats.#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
Packed 3rd Brexit public meeting this evening in South Edinburgh. Standing room only again. Huge concerns raised about the direction of the Government.  Thanks to @DJohnsonMSP for organising and to Prof @McEwen_Nicola for her wonderful insights and knowledge. 
We need to ensure that when the #Brexit negotiations conclude the UK is free to trade around the world without reference or hindrance from the EU and its regulations.  
In the time it takes you to watch this video, you could have checked the register to make sure you can vote in the referendum on May 25th. The deadline to get your name on the register is May 8th. Visit  today! #8thRef 
Alex, Alex, ALEX! This £26m you transferred from Cambridge Analytica to SCL Elections, we need to talk mate. via @siobhankennedy4 
Delighted to address FG members and members of the public tonight on the reasons as to why I hope people #voteYes in the forthcoming referendum on the 8th Amendment #8thRef #KildareNorth #voteYes 
Excited to announce: Andrew Adonis: will be coming to #Aberdare for his Brexit Listening Tour! Friday 11th May18:00 - 19:30@cynonvalleymus 
congrats to the FBPE brigade I guess, well done on voting Lib Dem to stop Brexit in a straight Labour/Tory borough  
Grieve explains why the Tories will give in on Brexit for self-survival.  EU Leaders have made a secret pact to allow the UK back at the top table as though nothing has happened, provided Customs barriers are fully removed. One big happy family and all thanks to the caring Tories  
In Ireland, trying to talk to people on the street about their upcoming abortion referendum.me: “Hi, I’m a U.S. politics reporter, and I was wondering if you...”Everyone [interrupting me]: “Why did Giuliani do that?” 
Even England's richest region is struggling to make ends meet as Brexit approaches  
I really, really, really, really hope that this referendum will mark the end of Fianna Fáil - smdh at those 31 dinosaurs in that photocall #repealthe8th 
Not voted yet? There is still time, make sure you remember what an utter disaster the last 8 Tory years have been. Austerity;stagnant wages & economy;Brexit;hostile environment;poverty;homelessness;huge increase in national debt; rise in zero hour contracts... #LocalElections2018 
1 hour left to vote. 1st time we’ve went to the polls since the DUP collapsed the talks. Send a message to Tory/DUP gov. If you care about rights. If you care about equality. If you care about Brexit. If you care about Irish Unity.Vote @sinnfeinireland Vote @OrfhlaithBegley 
Yet another fabulously detailed thread on the Cambridge Analytica/Facebook scandal by @brexit_sham. I tip my hat to you! @StevePeers @GuitarMoog @IanDunt @JamieJBartlett 
So many accounts seem to have been set up lately for the sole purpose of opposing the referendum. Many not Irish. No pics. Few followers. Following exclusively anti #8ref and religious accounts. Tweets on one topic only. Cambridge Analytica meets Catholic Church #repealthe8th 
UK's May facing local election losses, Brexit unity at stake  
Tony, after the referendum I found out that I (and 1000s of others) don’t qualify for citizenship despite 28 yrs here, married to a Brit, 2 British children. I have to wait to see if I qualify for settled status before I can become British. 
Its been 2 years almost since the referendum...2 years...if a govt can change the social landscape of a country with public smoking bans, revolutionary new marriage laws & enforce the culture of diversity at a whim it can bloody leave the EU...so get on with it!!! 
Dear Labour I'm not anti-Labour I'm anti-Brexit That's why I can't vote for you today. Brexit IS a local issue! Vote  #LibDem #Green OR #Renew #ABTV #London #Wandsworth 
Am sincerely hoping David Davis that great proponent of Democracy becomes a part of our Glorious Past along with #Brexit sooner than he anticipates...Binding #FinalSay in the Autumn with a #StopBrexit #Remain option#FairVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
SHAMEFUL: Local election officials wrongly turn away EU citizens in Tower Hamlets /#Brexit #LocalElections 
Ireland and EU are using Brexit border issue "as a lever to extract concessions" from U.K., Lord Lamont says  
Tories facing carnage in English local elections, poll seen as #Brexit barometer  
Trying to sell Brexit to the world is like trying to sell the Sinclair C5 to a world that has the Smart and the Fiat 500.#FBPE 
If peers and their Commons accomplices manage to stop the Govt from delivering a real #Brexit, Govt will fall. What then the chances new election manifestoes pledging to fulfil the #EURef vote won't have abolition of the House of Lords left right and centre?#AbolishTheLords 
The Commons is not democratically elected.  We need Proportional Representation.  The people voted in a DEMOCRATIC referendum to LEAVE the EU.  Leaving meaning leaving all constructs.  How dare you try to defy the will of the people.  You should resign.  
The @LibDems using #Brexit to try and claw back the votes they lost but they fail to realise that they lied to all their voters and fully supported Tory austerity. A vote for Lib Dem is a vote for Tory #VoteLabourToday 
Is #Brexit still the will of the people?Not according to this chart.So, .@theresa_may, will you be acting in accordance with the will of the people now that they appear to have changed their minds?Democracy mandates a #PeoplesVote 
Having had a pop at my Dad the @DailyMailUK have now had a go at me! What have I done? Defended my father and disagreed with them over Brexit. How desperately insecure are these people? I'd love to debate with them in person - we could talk about the ECJ or the Enabling Act...  
Let’s really freak him out.BREXIT HQ IS IN TREVOR’S LOFT! 
146,000  WOHOO We are getting there PLEASE SIGN Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Panel with 4 Remainers following panel last week which had 4 Remainers on it and you are still going to claim bias? Just because people support Brexit doesn't make them Far Right.Farage on once in 16 months.Lucas on last week.Nicola Horlick (Lib Dem) on 3 episodes back.  
I’m drinking cocktails in a bar in Sloane Square this evening and a Dyson Airblade hand-drier has just fallen off the wall in the ladies’ toilets and this is just about the perfect metaphor for Brexit ever  
7 of 7"The coincidences are beyond coincidences....they are all one organisation"Has there ever been a more #unsafe verdict in British political history? 
6 of 7Vote Leave shows up, BeLeave, Veterans for Britain, the DUP, all using this small Canadian company which offers nothing special........ 
5 of 7Were LeaveEu and Vote Leave coordinated knowingly or unknowingly? @frankbaylis "there is a series of coincidences that belie logic"...... 
We simply have to #StopBrexit. It is absurd.Post-Brexit port checks could disrupt fresh food supplies, say freight bosses  
Brexit does not answer one problem Britain faces - Me in @spectator 
Labour members think Brexit is wrong. How sad that labour leadership is running behind on the party. #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
What *possible* motive could the Tories have for starting a scaremongering media storm about the #babybox?#Brexit#Windrush#AmberRudd#CambridgeAnalytics#ToryRacism#GrenfellTowerFire#taxhavens#ToryElectionFraud 
IMAGINE NOT BEING REGISTERED TO VOTE IN THE MOST IMPORTANT REFERENDUM OF OUR GENERATION??? REGISTER TO VOTE FOR FUCK SAKE. IT'S NOT EVEN HARD. #REGISTER4YES 
David Dimbleby plse get someone to ask, or ask the question of David Liddington why when he took the passage of the Referendum Bill through Parliament he argued for no super majority as it was ADVISORY, when his Government is behaving to Parliament like it was binding? #bbcqt 
ELECTION DAY: make it count.Get out and voteGet your mates out to voteGet messaging nowTonight every vote countsYour last chance to tell the Con and Lab what YOU think before they make that Brexit decision. It’s YOUR future.#ABTV #ABTVtoStopBrexit #FBPE 
Customs Union was hardly mentioned in Brexit campaign yet it's 'the will of the people' that we leave it.£350m for NHS was mentioned every 5 minutes yet that's NOT 'will of the people' Brexit Britain...the posh Eton boys are treating us like fools!  
Hi @jeremycorbyn - the Labour representative at my polling station in Broadwater seemed really nice...Shame your stance on #Brexit lost them my vote really...Hopefully you'll start to hear us now?#LocalElections2018#StopBrexit 
EU in Disarray as Brussels Demands Bigger Budget Member Contributions After Brexit  
really hoping for a strong anti-Brexit, anti-Tory, anti-Labour message at the  #LocalElections2018 today. The two major parties have taken the electorate for granted and it's time people said enough is enough! 
So, you’ll be calling on your party to give us a #FinalSay then? And while you’re at it, maybe you could explain how Brexit *and* lower taxes will improve services? No? Thought not. Back to your shed.  
Bury st Edmonds voted leave at #euref but look at how it’s younger generation feel about #brexit and the need for a #peoplesvoteLike many towns and cities it will be #Remainernow soon. The leadership of the main U.K. parties should think about this....#StopBrexit 
There are some important decisions for the Speaker to make in the next few months regarding #Brexit. I wonder if the attack on him now is just a coincidence.  
EU citizens are set to lose their right to vote after Brexit. One person voices how he feels about this: #InLimboBrexit #FBPE @The3Million #disenfranchisement 
I say we give Princess Charlotte a shot at negotiating Brexit. She looks up for it.  
OFOC just visited a school in Bury St Edmunds. We asked the 15-18 yr-olds how they felt about Brexit....@Jochurchill4 @MattHancock pic.twitter.com/kC9oMPcpOY 
I'm afraid people who've been conned to #VoteLabourToday have also been tricked into backing #brexit- Labour's disgraceful lack of leadership on the biggest crisis faced by the U.K. in decades has finally exhausted the patience of this one time loyal voter #NeverAgain 
Labour councillors are not responsible for Brexit  
True for all of us. Us @the3million who help make this country tick. Your friends. Your colleagues. Your neighbours. Your loved ones. Set to lose a basic right because of Brexit. 17/ 
So UK, we’ve probably reached another of those “lower than the lowest” Brexit milestones today. I’d like you to meet some people, EU citizens, to understand why: 1/ 
Only a couple of decades ago political commentators were all in a tizz about 'spin'. Now the #Brexit Right lies on an industrial scale and hardly a political or media eyebrow is raised. Our democracy is being killed by the political right.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Still no police investigation, yet here we have data specialist saying absolutely the Pro Brexit campaigns were illegally joined up  
I voted for:• #PeoplesVote• Young people’s futures• @The3Million EU27 people in UK• Brits living in EU27 countries• Our freedom of movement• Solidarity with our EU familyI voted against:• Right-wing Conservative Brexit coup, supported by @UKLabour 
I voted for a Green and two LDs today.I always vote for a Green locally as it happens, but the other two votes were anti-Brexit. 
FT: In the run-up to the referendum, those who opposed leaving the bloc warned that uncertainty over trading arrangements would chill investment... In fact, overall investment grew by 4 pc — the fastest rate in the G7, according to the official figures  
EU28, YouGov:European Union membership referendumAge: 16-27 yrs:Spain: 85% (+12)Germany: 80% (+11)Italy: 71% (+12)France: 69% (+11)Poland: 68% (+7)United Kingdom: 63% (+5)Greece: 63 (+11)Fieldwork: unreleasedSample size: 6,080#Brexit 
A Dangerous Fantasy. #BrexitLook Left. Look Right, Talk Shite. pic.twitter.com/fW6W9FaLMX 
Today's vote is emotional.In a year, my right to vote at home will be taken away from me and I will not have a voice anymore.Becoming a 2nd class citizen is not fair.I do not deserve to be silenced.I didn't do anything wrong.#The3MillionVote #Brexit #LocalElections2018 
“Many of London’s features are “Brexit-proof”: English Law, time zone and language. Plus, of course, the bedrock of skills, knowledge and infrastructure that London possesses which is hard to replicate.”Fascinating insight on the City by @DrGerardLyons: 
Danish PM: We cannot ask European tax payers to pay for Brexit  
Now the Lords have turned on the British People and their democratic vote to leave the undemocratic EU they must not be surprised when we get a referendum on the Lords we vote to abolish them.  
It’s being said that Brexit isn’t a local issue. Brexit is a power grab by central government. It is every bit as much an assault on local democracy as it is on European democracy. Cast your vote today for an anti-Brexit party. #LocalElection2018 #ABTV 
All I am hearing wherever I go today is Brexit, Brexit, Brexit...This does not bode well for either Labour or the Tories in #LocalElections2018 
Feel so sorry for non-Brit EU citizens here who are worried that today’s local elections are the last in which they can participate.Imagine how sick we’ll feel come European Parliament elections in May 2019 when we will be excluded altogether.#Brexit must be stopped. THIS YEAR. 
In Boston today representing @HRC at the kick off of the coalition campaign defending trans equality in Massachusetts. Proud to stand with so many activists who will make history this year and win this referendum.  
#Brexit -Protest mal anders in #London #dpareporter #uk 
Atletico Madrid’s new place and a lone Spaniard against Brexit and Catalan independence.  
Just voted. Because if we all do this right, Theresa May (And Brexit) will be fucked by tomorrow Dinnertime. #LocalElections2018 
Lessons from the transit plan's crushing defeat: The May 1 election wasn't just about public transit. @AuntB writes, it was a referendum on the direction of the city. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
EP 3 of #LetsTalkCommonSense is LIVE NOW! This week we talk toxic masculinity, Brexit and more with @emmanuelspeaks_  Enjoy and don't forget to share ITunes:  SoundCloud: Youtube:  
Perfect timing Dave!... Yes, vote on bin collections and speed bumps and happy day-to-day stuff — and ignore the impending multifaceted clusterfuckery of Brexit charging hard at the social & economic fabric this nation like a testosterone-injected bull.  
Theresa May goes back to the drawing board to find post-Brexit customs compromise, despite concerns that the precise design of drawing board has yet to be agreed. 
#Windrush, breast screening, #Brexit & crime all areas in which govt has neither control nor credibility. Today’s local  election results could herald a big wake up call. Time for change @LibDems 
BREXIT VICTORY: We will 100% be LEAVING the EU customs union, David Davis declares  
"The PM was said to hv bn “shocked” at the strength of opposition to her idea of a CU during a meeting of the Cabinet’s 11 Brexit sub-committee."Shocked why? Seriously if she is shocked then her advisors need sacking & she needs a reality check on the feelings of the electorate  
BREXIT: Former Portsmouth Labour leader joins anti-Brexit Renew party /#EU #Brexit #Labour 
One of my neighbours in #Southfields just got canvassed by Sadiq Khan - she told him she couldn't forgive the Labour Party for not standing up against Brexit. She was a life-long Labour supporter and is now voting #LibDem. 
While away the hours until this week's episodes of better Brexit Podcasts are available with the latest episode of CakeWatch.For once, we eschew misery to piss ourselves laughing at UKIP MEPs who are upset that Brexit means they'll lose their jobs. 
PLEASE HELP ME:Did you know that when we leave brexit your human rights that cover us within the European Union human rights charter will no longer protect you anymore. We need to protect these rights!Your right to earn, privacy, safety, & health care 
Remember how shit the last eight years have been?Remember who was Prime Minister for most of it?Remember who called the EU referendum to settle an in-house pissing contest?Don't vote Tory.  
Polling stations are still open and you have until 10pm this evening to cast your vote! This is not only your chance to influence the people who run your local council but also an opportunity to send a strong message on Brexit to this Tory Government. #VoteLibDem #localelections 
May has used ambiguity to keep the Brexit process on the road so far, but ambiguity delays problems rather than solving them - and the road is running out, warns @JGForsyth 
Reports of #CabinetMeeting say Chancellor warned of #Brexit “car crash”. Another (previously pro-Brexit) minister replied “the best way of avoiding a car crash is to stop.” Quite! But they won’t say that in public. @InFactsOrg 
#EU #IslamicTerrorism #Globalism=Communism #LeftistSedition.. UNITED KINGDOM - FARAGE SAYS THE EU is FINISHED : British Buttkicker Nigel Farage  - Brexit is the First Brick Out of the Wall; The Days of the EU are Over. 
"We have a huge amount of work to do in terms of education and making people BELIEVE in #Europe again...And we do this by making the positive case to Remain...We need to give people HOPE...And make people question what they are missing out on because of #Brexit"#EUsupergirl 
#quote ' "A smaller EU as a result of Brexit should also mean a smaller budget," added Mark Rutte, Prime minister of the Netherlands earlier, insisting “this proposal is not an acceptable outcome." ' 
Tories have a brass neck questioning "safety" of #babybox. This from the party whose failures led to #GrenfellTower, #WindrushGenerarion, #brexit, and 120,000 early deaths because of #austerity. 
BREXIT VICTORY: We will 100% be LEAVING the EU customs union, David Davis declares  
The local elections are ALSO about Brexit. Because Brexit will negatively impactLocal ServicesLocal JobsLocal InvestmentLocal BusinessLocal FundingLocal NHSLocal LivesIf you support the pro-Brexit Tories or pro-Brexit Labour there'll be a heavy price to pay!#ABTV 
Bank of America to shift 125 British jobs to Ireland ahead of Brexit  
1,000 jobs at risk as Jacques Vert owner collapses. The collapse makes Calvetron the latest in a lengthening line of retail casualties.Nothing to do with #Brexit of course. None of the recent collapses are, according to the #Leave camp. 
I know, we'll create our fucking own, yeah right, we all know how those fucking projects turn out. Brexit is like an advent calendar, behind every fucking door there is a pile of shit. Or maybe it's like a lucky dip, only all you pull out is a pile of fucking shit. Brexit is shit  
#EU in Disarray as Brussels Demands Bigger Budget Member Contributions After Brexit.  Burn Baby Burn!               #fo2eu  
Labour's members want him to change his policy on Brexit. So I'm not sure I can agree it's a democratic party. 
Today’s evidence that Brexit is not going to happen, because nobody actually wants any of the real options.  
Brexit: EU's Juncker urges Belgian citizenship for UK staff  
Tell me Brexit isn’t a local issue?? Dear god it’s at the core of family life. YOUR BINS DO NOT MATTER MORE THAH THIS. We must #stopBrexit #ABTV #WATON X  
Helen Clark, who served as PM in the antipodean nation between 1999 and 2008 told LBC that the country would be the “first to put its hands up” to rekindle centuries-old trade ties with the UK after Brexit.  
Today, as a European living in London, I voted at the local election for the very last time. After that, I will lose this right, even with the “settled status” that I will get post-Brexit. Weren’t we told we would lose no right? @The3Million 
Eu govts have reacted furiously to demands from Brussels for billions to plug blackhole  left by Brexit. They'll have to rein in their spending but everyone knows they wont 
'Who'll speak for the alienated/ neglected half of London?' asks @PaulEmbery. Massive question because it's not just 'London' or 'half'- it's the tens/hundreds of millions across West who'll outlast Brexit/Trump/Orban/L&J/AFD/5SMetc by years (prob decades)  
Many fear that the House of Lords has “signed its own death warrant” in the way it has abused its constitutional role through its attempts to thwart Brexit, says @darrengrimes_ with @HughRBennett and @isaby Listen to the full podcast here →  
Ignorance and bigotry may define Brexit, it may soon define my country but I will never let it define me. Vote pro EU today, show them it won’t define you either. #ABTV 
 VOTE DANIEL McCROSSAN  ELECT A NEW MP FOR WEST TYRONE WHO WILL TURN UP TO VOTE AGAINST BREXIT AND STAND UP FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILY  
Debate as what Ireland should do post-Brexit amount to what type of Atlanticist liberalism shall be imposed on usAnglo-liberalism or corporatist EurofederalismThe most radical doctrine is that of Gaelic revivalism and only way to ensure the survival of a distinct Irish nation  
Feeling somewhat relieved to have passed up listening to David Davis talk utter nonsense about #Brexit in the Commons chamber today, in favour of knocking on doors for fab @TheGreenParty candidates across London #LE2018 #DavisWatch 
I'm a remainer and I just voted Labour because I'm not brainwashed by yellow Tories into thinking Brexit is the only problem in fact I am bored to death by Brexit and especially people moaning about something that isn't going to change #JC4PM 
The UK’s plan to build a rival GPS is a bonkers Brexit scheme  
UK's May facing local election losses, Brexit unity at stake  
EU in Disarray as Brussels Demands Bigger Budget Member Contributions After Brexit  
BFE: #PeoplesVote is the HUGE new NATIONAL CAMPAIGN demanding YOU get a say on the FINAL BREXIT DEAL! Sounds fair, right? Of course it does! Listen to our exclusive interview with the team behind it who answer all your questions!  
Brexit will necessitate massive austerity, Linda. That's one of the reasons why I'm implacably opposed to it. 
Last night I raised the issue of online advertising and the Repeal Referendum. It's time to get real on regulating social media platforms and online advertising.Citizens deserve transparency.  #repealfacts #Facebook 
I don't know about you, but when Parliament passed the EU Referendum Act, I didn't expect Darren and Vote Leave to illegally coordinate their spending & activities because they couldn't stand electoral law.  
If you hadn't taken that reckless gamble and lumbered us with the fallout of your party-over-country opinion poll, we could afford the luxury of thinking only about local issues at local elections instead of worrying about, suffering from and having to fight this brexit disaster. 
The Duncan Jones film 'Moon' is about a man who tries to escape Corbyn's Brexit, by moving to the Moon. 
BREXIT CHAOS: Post-Brexit port checks could disrupt fresh food supplies, say freight bosses /#EU #Brexit  
Since Theresa May laid out her hard-Brexit red lines at start of 2017 we’ve had one u-turn after another. The ill-fated "customs partnership" is just the latest. Here’s our recap of her most significant flip-flops. 
Oh Jo please understand that Labour did not instigate Brexit. Labour was forced into the position it’s in today by Toroes seeking to appease right wingers. Labour has to respect the ref result. But “Austerity”? That’s came before Brexit,Austerity is causing death on our streets1/ 
Dent, who is retiring from Congress, on the midterm elections: "My party is going to pay a price... this election will be a referendum on the president & his conduct. I can tell you that if I had done some of these things, I wouldn't be a member of Congress right now."  
Yeah I know I joke about it but Brexit is serious - lives and limbs and loves and losses, mornings and mournings and moorings and migrations, jobs and lazy afternoons and evening kisses and lie-ins and tall tales - they could all change because of Brexit. Prick its nasty bubble 
Plausible. But big mistake to make policy in a political calculus like this. It always gets you in the end. Brexit will destroy all those who helped it on its way - like Suez - & he is making himself one of those people  
This is the kind of chicanery the SNP gets up to when it is allowed to gerrymander a vote. The SNP should not dictate the terms of any future referendum - not that there should be one.  
Brexit not about Local Government hmmmm? 
And David Cameron will go down as the PM who called for the Brexit referendum in order to unify the Tory party.That went well.#StopBrexit 
All these organisations supporting  stopping Brexit.  How long can the two main parties ignore the changing UK.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
QUENTIN LETTS: Brexit's being mugged by people meant to implement it  via @MailOnline 
Hey @tcddublin what the hell is going on?Are you are using security to remove pro life activists during a referendum on abortion, leaving Abortionistas to campaign freely?  
General Election ALERT: May urged to CRUSH Remainer plot to sabotage Brexit  
Unelected Lords and pleb-fearing left-wingers have formed an unholy alliance against the people. We need to resurrect the spirit of Paine, and do away with this aristocratic tyranny, and its 'progressive' apologists, writes Mick Hume #Brexit  
Friends! Watch this!Our Codswallop has now proved that the Brexit campaign forced people to vote Leave using mind-control techniques, i.e. a LYING bus!And yet, when you point this out to Leavers, they just laugh and say 'you've totally lost it, mate!'Talk about Hate Speech! pic.twitter.com/pwjAzc5mq5 
Respectfully request Remain voters flock off from Labour if they haven't already. @UKLabour not only squandered the votes they were lent, they abused them. There is no doubt that Corbyn and May both want the same thing, Brexit.Time to meet in the Remain middle ground  
I’m a card carrying member of the Labour Party. I am 65 years old and an activist from time to time. Have voted Labour in every General and Local election since I was eligible to vote. Today I voted Liberal Democrat. Brexit of any complexion will not happen in my name. It hurts. 
I too have voted Lib Dem. To say this is not about brexit is untrue because everything is about brexit. How do councils and councillors fund public services with an economy that's in the toilet? 
i know at least 2 girls from school who were forced to travel in secret to england because they couldn’t access proper healthcare at homeI hope people realise that this referendum does affect you & everyone around youget out & register to vote#together4yes #men4yes 
Why be surprised that Westminster are willing to block Brexit. The same traitors forced PC down our throats, imported millions of ‘new brits’, brought in Hate Laws to Jail us for speaking out, allow halal slaughter of animals, promote Islam over Christianity & shrink our Army 
There’s just no escaping the Brexit unicorns  #Cologne 
Brexit: EU's Juncker urges Belgian citizenship for UK staff  
Standing with my Fianna Fáil colleagues advocating a No Vote in the referendum on 25th May.  Apologies from Dep Willie O Dea, Dep Kevin O Keeffe, Dep John McGuiness and Sen Diarmuid Wilson who were unavailable when photograph was taken. 
Proud to say today I voted for the only 2 parties (in England) who are against #Brexit. Glad that in #Richmond the #LibDems and #GreenParty are joining forces so it was a VERY easy choice!#LocalElections2018#PollingDay#StopBrexit#ABTV#VoteLibDem#VoteGreen2018#WATON 
This is the last time EU citizens get to vote in UK elections. People who pay taxes; men and women of all generations who contribute in so many different ways to the life of the UK. After Brexit, we will be totally disenfranchised, excluded from the democratic process. 
love working in the office of Jeremy Corbny MP where my job is to, every time someone votes Labour, put a marble in a big jar labelled ‘explicit displays of support for our Brexit strategy’ 
Remember ....Local councils can not stop brexit, but they can make life easier for the area. For that it has to be #voteLabourTodayNo other party will stop selling off NHS services via the back door so it has to be a vote for #Labour 
The worst ones of all are the numerous fake anti-Brexit #FBPE campaigners who are literally urging people to give Theresa May and the extreme right Tory Brextremists a lifeline. If you want to stop extreme hard-right Tory Brexit, you don't actively assist the Tories. 
This is a good idea. Then we don’t have to pay their redundancies, and Belgium can pay their pensions. A great example of a simple Brexit solution.  
Will Wainewright in Reporting on Hitler shows the same papers that now support Brexit once supported Hitler..  
After Brexit, A Quarter Of The EU's Budget Will Go To Climate Protection via @forbes  #EUBudget #ParisAgreement  
While Labour are in coalition with the Tories on Brexit, which in the greater scheme of things trumps anything the Lib Dems maybe be culpable of. So for the first time in my life, this time I’m not giving my vote to @UKLabour 
Me, normally: 'expertise' is a facade for social hierarchy and epistocratic domination. Me, in this referendum campaign: Shut up and listen to these doctors. 
Brexit catastrophic for local councils: ONLY 12% of council leaders see #BrexitShambles as positive in poll. Budgets strained, new cuts in national grant coming.Use YOUR VOTE today to save YOUR council from cutsDon’t Brexit. FIX IT!#ABTVtoStopBrexit 
The Corbyn ‘left’ seem genuinely surprised that people are voting with their consciousness today and voting for anyone whose opposed to Brexit. It’s almost as if they expect our votes, not realising votes have to be earned. 
The good news is that once the local election results are in, it will settle the questions of Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May forever 
You had the nerve to say, "#Brexit is a mistake not a disaster."I'm so glad you're all right, Dave, but thanks to you, millions of families have found out first hand what it must have been like living in Germany in the 1930s. You've caused immeasurable stress, anguish & sadness 
Rees-Mogg nails simple point – NO DEAL BREXIT means NO FINANCIAL liability to bloated EU  
Remainer spin that the amendment is just about a meaningful vote rings hollow when one of its leading supporters openly admits it's about stopping Brexit outrightHere he is saying the same thing in the Lords earlier this week:  
No majority in Parliament or country for No Deal/Hard BrexitNo majority in Parliament or country for Soft Brexit.No majority in Parliament or country for reversing BrexitUK stuck in a Condorcet cyle:  
Nigel Farage: Brexit is the first brick out of the wall, the days of the EU are over  
My 'No' voting DIL was dead chuffed with hers. It even has a baby monitor and a thermometer. Well made clothes, a real boon to any new Mum just starting out. And it costs us each £4 a year. Brexit will cost us each £5500 p.a. Ken which one I'd rather have. #dissolvetheunion. 
Dear Labour I'm not anti-Labour I'm anti-Brexit That's why I can't vote for you today. Brexit IS a local issue! Vote  #LibDem #Green OR #Renew #ABTV #London #Wandsworth 
May have been a small rise, but the damage UKIP did in those few short years will be felt for generations - while most who voted for them and Brexit are 6 feet under. Tossers.  
My take on the "Brexit-NI-CU trilemma".  Not completely new (cf. @rdanielkelemen @ProfKAArmstrong et al.), but perhaps a slightly different framing, given the latest positions of May, Rees-Mogg and Barnier 
Brexit though David, you gave us Brexit. We can't have those things.Don't vote #Conservative.#ABTV 
Watch out for the upcoming Irish Sign Language Translation of the Independent Guide to the referendum on the regulation of termination of pregnancy by @RefCom_ie which will be available online at @IrishDeafSoc and @deafhear 
That #brexit UK was merely a "test run" for Putin, Trump and #CambridgeAnalytics is a measure of how unimportant they consider us.That various #Leave campaigns so openly colluded with one another is a measure of how weak our policing and legal systems are !#StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/2ylwU9OpL1 
Just jumped in a taxi at my station, it was for a short journey (not my fault): Driver: “Sod this - I’m going home. I’ve had nothing but shite off the trains today. Not worth leaving the house.”It’s that kind of British work ethic that re-assures me we’ll be okay after Brexit 
Ironic, since if #Brexit goes ahead, I'd rather place a bet on Belgium still being a united country in 10 years time than on the "United" Kingdom.  
No Kenny.This is the UK Government getting ready to take over the Scottish Government role after they strip devolution via Brexit.This is why they stated Mundell was at the same level as the FM.This is them moving their chess pieces.  
How can anyone continue to insist a new referendum must be postponed for months or years? British politicians are openly stating their intention to strip the Scottish Parliament of more and more powers. Why would any sane person want to give them time to do this? #Referendum2018 
If you're anti-Brexit, don't piss away your vote today. Send a 'little message' at #LE2018 to all Brexit parties and vote #ABTV. This really matters, especially to those of us who don't get a vote today. #dogsatpollingstations #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit #FBPE 
“So,  I was -like- Prime Minister & I called this REFERENDUM cos my party was divided & I thought there was no way we could lose! But I miscalculated & now the country’s completely fucked LOL!” David C, Witney.  
Varadkar and Barnier’s disgraceful provocations on Brexit could seriously damage Ireland. (Brilliant piece by Owen Polley @3000Versts for Reaction @reactionlife) 
WATCH  | @Nigel_Farage with a message for the Eurocrats: "You're losing, folks! Brexit is the first brick out of the wall. You've learnt none of the lessons. The days of this project are over!"   
91% of MPs voted for the EU referendum to take place. 63% of constituencies voted leave.78% of MPs voted to trigger Article 50. At GE2017 90% of MPs were elected on manifestos committed to leaving the EU, *including* the SM and CU.MPs are betraying voters who elected them.  
T-10 hours 32 minutes before Dan Hannan declares that the results from the only partially taken up #ABTV is "proof" that almost everyone is backing Brexit now. 
Why #Brexit makes no sense explained in 15 seconds. Please widely RT.  
The harder they hurtle towards the edge of the cliff, the more likely it is that Brexit won't happen. But the worse it will be if it does.Progressives must see this for what it is - a plot by the Tory Right to attack ordinary people.  
Also no repeal jumpers, badges or referendum paraphernalia of any kind!  
So Brexit is going well!  
Arch-remainer George Osborne tells Nick Clegg “I don’t think you can stop Brexit”  
Leader of the Labour Party @jeremycorbyn will join us to give a public lecture on 24 May 2018.It will be his 1st major speaking engagement in NI providing an opportunity to hear his thoughts on key issues relevant to the region including #Brexit.More:  
Brexit and the election of Trump show that despite their vast wealth and power, globalists can and are being defeated by the people. 
If this referendum doesn't pass and you weren't registered to vote then you'll feel like absolute shite for the next thirty years because that's the next chance you'll get to make it right 
Mrs May appears no longer to be in control of the central policy - Brexit - of her Govt. Worse for her, the Brexit right is shifting policy further away from Parliament’s desire for Customs Union. This is great for the anti-Brexit campaign: it will precipitate a pre-summer crisis 
Really? The Bennite left have wanted Brexit for 40 years. Corbyn wanted a ref on it two years before Cameron did. Labour supported an unamended Tory Brexit with a three line whip. Labour failed to support a #peoplesvote. They want out of the EU, SM, ECJ, EEA and "the" CU.#FBPE 
With a lot of Labour people today lobbying to vote for a hard Brexit party, it's time to remind ourselves what Labour stand for... and that their hard brexit will hit services just as hard as the Tory hard brexit.  
Labour seem rattled. This time they can’t pull the wool over people’s eyes on Brexit.  
We have been actively monitoring unregulated referendum adverts since February. Taoiseach still putting trust in the referendum commission and Sipo to tackle them despite them having no powers to  
Don't believe the #FBPE Baloney that @jeremycorbyn wants out of #brexit - Labour has a definite policy re Brexit ( the 6 tests) and also Corbyn is opposed to anything that upsets the GFA and peace in ireland, therefore hard border is out.  
Misleading nonsense from the Tories. Their form of #brexit will hit the economy hard, meaning higher taxes and worse public services than if we stay in the EU.#ABTV #VoteEU #StopBrexit 
David Mundell's comments on creating a "flexible" list of Brexit powers should be putting a serious red flag up for anyone concerned about devolution. 
Any form of #Brexit will hit local government funding for many years to come, as well as funding for the #NHS, public services and welfare. Labour and Conservatives are pro-Brexit. So please vote for pro-EU parties today.#StopBrexit #electionDay #FBPE #ABTV 
DON’T miss this @talkRADIO #Moats 7pm Friday #LocalElections2018 #Corbyn #May #5thColumn #Brexit  
“In Wales, Labour & Lib Dems have caved in, given our leverage away, weakened our hand. You are backed by Brexit believers while losing the support of every branch in your own party. People can see that you've sold this country short" 
Voting Labour to oppose brexit is like helping to build the scaffold on which you will be hung. Be careful what you wish for!#ABTV#Remain 
Petition to have a referendum to abolish H of Lords now on 145,000 
Absolutely right! Brexit is happening - the question is, do you want Brexit with weekly bin collections or fortnightly bin collections? #VoteConservative 
Farage BRUTALLY taunts Belgian PMJust look at election results.You’re losing folks, you’re losing!#Brexit is 1st brick out of the wall, you’ll learn, days of this project are over.We want to live in nation-states, not false, artificial creations.#EU 
Owen Jones giving people lectures on "winning people over" to Brexit or whatever when he spends quite a lot of his time essentially calling Tory voters accessories to murder is pretty bloody lol. 
I might have cast my last vote ever in an election today! I've been out of DKso long that I can't vote there. In the UK I can vote in local elections at the moment - that's it! When #Brexit happens that small say in how anything that affects me will be run will probably be gone. 
Brave #FBPE hashtag user @hrtbps will be voting to save this country from Brexit today. Because not all heroes wear capes.  
And again, I don’t oppose Labour’s position on Brexit from the centre. I oppose it from the left. I find it too right wing. 
So don’t all those so called lifelong labour supporters voting Liedem today because of Labours stance on Brexit realise if the Liedems hasn’t propped up a Tory govt for 5 long years Cameron would not have been in a position to give us this divisive vote.!  
Psst... Labour people, telling me I’m ‘shameful’ or ‘cosseted’ for being against Labour’s position on Brexit isn’t very likely to convince me to vote for you. 
#wordpower ... two words are realising a sea change in psychology of middle class nationalism and unionism ‘crocodile’ and ‘Brexit.’ I will expand later on this thesis.  
My cartoon Thursday @TheTimes on the Westminster bullying scandal #Brexit #CustomsUnion #JacobReesMogg 
Arch-remainer George Osborne tells Nick Clegg Brexit is now inevitable  
Last GE I voted for my pro remain, Labour MP, only for Corbyn to sack her because she wanted to stay in the SM. Never again. I’m not going to let Far Left, pro Brexit, ideologues appropriate my vote.  I don’t care if it’s not “tactical” it’s principled,I’m voting @Renew_Britain 
Just taken my 128 year old great nan to vote. She can't see. She says "Which one for Corbs? He's the absolute boi". Then she slapped a Tory in the face with his own Lonsdale Brexit slipper.A big cheer went up. 
Things people in markets are talking about right now:-China trade talks-Inflation problems -Brexit still not easy-Markets slip-Data due 
I'm not voting for a party that supports Brexit.If we end up with a Tory government, it's not my fault. It's the fault of cowardly political parties that back something unutterably, permanently harmful to the nation.Want my vote? Earn it. 
Strong support in House of Lords for ID cards at question time today - would have avoided Windrush & possibly Brexit 
#LocalElections2018  The party I've always supported or the minions of a small-minded, racist, cruel Tory leader slashing and burning the very fabric of our society? I've voted Labour today without hesitation. If anyone says "But Brexit ..." they know what they can do. 
Dear @UKLabour please stop attacking Remainers. You cannot have our vote until you stop supporting Brexit.And I hear what you are saying on immigration. I hear it loud and clear.And telling me the Tories are awful doesn’t really work as I don’t vote for them either. 
Farage Tells European Parliament: ‘Brexit Is the First Brick out of the Wall – The People of Europe Are Waking Up’   
This may not be a big surprise, but this is how I would have voted in #1oct referendum had I been a citizens of #Catalonia. 
Brexit's not a done deal. Today #PeoplesVote launches a new morning briefing. We will take fight to Brexiters’ camp, showing how their pet project is falling apart. Click here to subscribe 
.@little_pengelly: Less than 1% of non-EU imports & exports are manually checked, over 99% are processed by technological and electronic solutions - surely this is the way forward post-Brexit  
Years of Tories banging on about British sovereignty yet the damaging and unworkable Brexit deal is being shaped by six millionaire hard right extremist bullies in a sweaty room with @theresa_may. #UseYourVote 
Ok, to even things out.... vote Labour & Corbyn will use your vote as a vindication of his pro Brexit policy.  Happy now!  
NOBODY from either of the two Pro EU groups has got tickets for #bbcqt in St Albans.Could this be why? And could it explain why the @BBC is not allowing pro EU MPs etc onto its key news programmes? #brexit #bbcbias 
I'm going to vote for the party who will stop Brexit, fight austerity and never get into an unholy coalition with the tories. Fuck. 
“Our government is kicking the can down the road but eventually they will have a mountain of cans they can kick no more”  - @mikegalsworthy  at our Brexit Impacts panel with @catherinemep @Nickf72 Antony David of @solidstatelogic @ruviz - video now here 
Exam context - questions of Brexit, customs unions etc - have a solid working knowledge of the importance of the EU for UK trade.  
Whitehall ‘straining under Brexit workload’?Then why is Whitehall spending time and money on unnecessary and harmful NEW EU projects such as the centralising EU Defence Fund and CARD defence budget coordination programme?Especially when we’re supposed to be taking back control.  
Done! Have cast my last vote in this country. Not because I plan to move but because I will no longer have this right after Brexit. A bit confusing as I’m sure the Leave campaign said EU citizens would have the same rights after Brexit as before. Must have misheard   
UK seems oblivious or, perhaps, obstinately ignorant of the impact that CA, SCL and Mercer had on the Brexit process. We were the guinea pigs for the Trump debacle and it stinks. Our national broadcaster @BBCNews  appears to be wilfully complicit.#BrexitShambles 
To all those saying they can’t vote today because of “@jeremycorbyn’s #Brexit”:A) it isn’t his Brexit. It belongs entirely to the nasty @CONservativesB) He isn’t in power. The lying Tories are “negotiating”C) Local Elections are NOT about JeremyD) Get real#VoteLabour 
Should probably get out of bed and vote Lib Dem to stop brexit 
Maybe when we have sorted this EU brexit nonsense out and we are our own masters once again, we can turn to other matters such as ritual slaughter which offends most of the population.  Its hated and decency and passion require and end to it. 
"The pivotal issue in Brexit is the same one that in different ways has so haunted British politics for more than two centuries - justice for Ireland"  
Sadly I just voted for the last time in UK elections. #Brexit will take the right to vote and participate in local democracy away from 3 million EU citizens living in Britain. #BrexitShambles #notaxationwithoutrepresentation 
Overheard a man repairing a pothole today:“They way they are doing Brexit is a total mess; I can’t see it happening now with the mess they have made”. You have lost the room Madame May. 
Reflects the reality that many leave voters wanted a trading union with EU just not a political union. Wrong for hard Brexiteers to assert that all leavers want their version of Brexit.  
Brexit must mean Brexit, PM needs to get her squabbling Cabinet together & deliver what the country wants “Brexit” what we voted for, it is high time the political class listened to the people. 
Labour and Conservatives want to rob you of the freedom to live, work and study as of right in 30 European countries. Tell them what you think of this #Brexit theft, vote for pro-EU parties today!#LE2018 #StopBrexit #ABTV #localelections2018 
£21 million spent on screwing over millions of lives. The lives of people who help make the UK tick. Your doctors. Your builders. Your neighbours etc .... Happy now, Brexiters?  Revealed: How the embattled Home Office is spending millions on Brexit  
The Brexit Cabinet’s rejection of the Customs Partnership is welcome. Anything less would prevent us from #TakingBackControl of our trade policy. 
How many UK print media pieces mentioned customs union in the year before the Brexit referendum? Answer: 150. That includes a letter to the Sevenoaks Chronicle from Mr Firth of Halstead. 
How intolerant and irrational. The guy is right, there's so much more at stake besides hard/soft Brexit. 
Dear @jeremycorbynToday I’m going to vote For The Many.I would’ve been voting for Labour, as I did in the GE if you hadn’t been actively pursuing Brexit. But I can’t vote for a party that’s willing to destroy millions of people’s livelihoods.So, I’ll be voting Green/LD. 
The EU Customs Union is no more than a protectionist racket:  #Brexit 
YES LAWD! People are framing my Brexit tea towels. I always hoped this would happen   
Yesterday I encountered one of those Americans who came over to stick her nose in our referendum. She didn't see my badge and asked which luas to get over to trinity, I hope she had a lovely day in Broombridge 
Who would commit to marching for #brexit if the Govt decided to stay in the CU and we got Brexit in name onlyPlease Retweet and RetweetChoose your option carefully 
First they ignore us ,  then they laugh at us , then they insult us, then we win - Ghandi. They ignored us. Post GE17 they laughed at us using our tactical vote to say we support brexit . Today Vote REMAIN PARTIES only or spoil the vote. #ABTV 
Thanks for the Brexit sign, @DavidCoburnUKip! Going up on my wall in my office! 
To all #FBPE remainer types who are still peddling the Referendum was only advisory LIE, heres PM David Cameron making it absolutely clear what the result would mean. Sentiment beaten by cold hard facts again. Youre welcome. #Brexit #Brexitnow #Nodeal 
Today, send an unmistakable message to the Tories and Labour by not voting for them in the local elections.Brexit - which both parties support - will be a disaster for our economy and for our public services. A vote for Labour or Tories is a vote for that Brexit disaster.  
Chelsea fan on Talksport just said he'd take a Chelsea defeat in the FA Cup final than see Liverpool win the Champions League. He's also 55, so probably also voted for Brexit. 
Don’t vote Labour today. Corbyn will use your vote as a vindication for his pro Brexit policy. 
Get this in your diary. TUC rally in London "demanding a new deal for working people."Get along with friends/ groups, make some banners and let everyone know that Brexit wrecks it. Working class youth voted Remain - we need to secure their futures. 
voting libdem over labour at today’s elections so I can wake up splutteringly mad in march 2018 that suffolk coastal council didn’t single handedly stop brexit 
VOTE WISELY! These are the kind of people who voted for #Brexit.  They do not represent 'the WILL of the British people'; they represent the will of #FASCISM and #RACIALHATRED #SayNoToFascism #SayNoToRacialHatred #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PollingDay #LocalElections2018 
Hoping to speak in support of ID cards in Lords question time at 11.20. With ID cards,would have been no Windrush and maybe also no Brexit. Note it was posturing David Davis behind Tory decision to scrap them! 
It's election day. Vote @UKIP for a full Brexit, free speech and to stop the countryside from being paved over. 
Wandsworth residents have had enough of relentless Tory cuts, their hard Brexit approach and lack of commitment to building the genuinely affordable homes our community desperately needs.This election is going to be closer than ever - so please join me and #VoteLabour  today. 
From now on I am only going to speak to my friend who voted for Brexit while wearing this.  We have only recently reconciled so it should be interesting  
Basically this is where the Brexit powers talks between Scottish and UK ministers are at:  
I'm really upset & saddened that so many are blaming Labour for #Brexit rather than the #Tories who are 100% responsible for it.If you won't be voting Labour today because of #Brexit, when your local services are cut back, remember it was YOUR choice.These are LOCAL elections 
My pay packet hasn’t increased at all since conservatives have been in. Britain is divided more than ever and coverups of windrush case abound. Brexit is a fiasco. I’ll take my chances #VoteLabour 
Fellow Remainers, Labour and Conservative won't listen to us. They ignore us, treat us as if we don't exist, or have no right to oppose #Brexit. Enough is enough. Give your votes today to pro-EU parties. Make ConLab listen!#StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
In a ComRes poll shortly after the Brexit Referendum in July 2016 just 35% of Leave voters expected to leave the single market - H/T @andynash 
Hate #Brexit and what the Tories are doing to the country. Can't follow #Corbyn and weep at the lack of opposition to Brexit from Labour. I will #VoteLibDem. #PollingDay 
Charles Michel applauded as he responds: 'I'm very pleased to here some good advice from Nigel Farage for the future of Belgium. He's sorted out the future of the UK through Brexit and we see where that's ended up for the UK.'  
ONLY #VoteLabour IF you like Brexit and you want Corbyn to support it too.#LocalElection2018 
John Redwood: EU budget 2021-27Interesting to hear media telling us EU would LOSE a net 15bn Euros from UK’s exit from EU, in line with £12bn net UK GAIN I & others used throughout referendum campaign.I hope Remain supporters were listening.#Brexit #EU 
Can't fault the fella, being old is shit. I might top myself after I've witnessed Brexit. Can't afford a fancy Swiss clinic though, it will be head first on to the M1 for me. Apologies if I fly through your windscreen. Cheers bob pic.twitter.com/hZqaWt4ZH1 
@rte @RTE2 hey! I made an award-winning short film called CHOICE (all Irish cast) on how abortion impacts an Irish family divided in their views, and I'd love to submit it to you guys in the lead up to the referendum. Who should I contact? 
Good, positive news. 27,000 students register to vote ahead of abortion referendum  
David Davis is answering questions on Brexit in Parliament in London   
Hey I ain't here to tell you how to vote in the #LocalElections but if you got a pro-European anti-Brexit candidate in your area I'd sure as heck think about voting for them!  #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain #ABTV #LocalElections2018 #VoteRemain 
Staying in the Customs Union is not Brexit. Great explanation why from former head of British Chamber of Commerce John Longworth  
Every local issue, including potholes, will be made harder to fix by Brexit. Less money for roads & infrastructure, schools, hospitals, housing, investment, services, and more need created by fewer jobs and falling real wages.Brexit is a local issue.  
If you're thinking you might #VoteLibDem because of Brexit remember (1) Local councillors can't stop Brexit and (2) LibDems supported the Tories' cruel & destructive policies. #PollingDay #LocalElections2018 #VoteLabour 
Young people of Ireland! Next Tuesday is the deadline for registering to vote in the upcoming referendum. Don’t silence yourself by not being registered!  
Two years after referendum Cabinet hasn’t a clue what to do on customs post #Brexit. May triggered Article 50 without a plan. She still doesn’t have one. 
We don't call them Remainers because they want to remain in the EUWe call them Remainers because they will apparently spend their Remaining days crying about #Brexit   
Brexit is a local issue and Corbyn is a catastrophe. How Labour lost my vote and why I'll be voting Remain today. By me.#PollingDay #LocalElections2018 
150k young Irish people are not registered to vote in the upcoming referendum to #Repealthe8th. This is a once in a generation opportunity to make healthcare fair in Ireland for women. Please, please message your family, friends, distant cousins, children and get them registered! 
#Brexit has definitely changed my voting habits:2011: Conservative 2012: Conservative 2013: Conservative 2014: Conservative2015: Conservative May 2016: Conservative June 2016: RemainMay 2017: Lib DemJune 2017: Lib DemToday 2018: Lib Dem#FBPE #Remain #ABTV 
Remain voters destroyed Tories’ majority by flocking to Labour as 'best bet' to stop hard Brexit, huge election study finds  
Even by Telegraph standards this is a peach. Referendum has 37% of electorate voting Leave, so we’re to leave. May asks for mandate for Brexit in GE, loses majority, yet still we’re to leave. Democracy died on the altar of ‘Tory unity’ long long ago.  
You've made me cry, but listen - this is NOT going to be your last vote in the UK. We're fighting to stop this #Brexit madness. We stand shoulder-to-shoulder with you! The darkest hour is before dawn. We will prevail.Thank you for voting xx #FBPE #WATON #PeoplesVote 
This is something else people will miss, IF we leave the EU !!..Brexit must be stopped especially when it is being negotiated by a minority, dysfunctional government that has already destroyed the UK infrastructure for generations to come !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
So just to confirm, I'm not voting Tory, I'm not voting Labour, I'm voting against brexit...I've got 3 votes and 3 lib dems.That's my vote. #ABTV 
Theresa May concedes customs partnership is 'dead' after Javid and Williamson join Brexiteer cabinet revolt | Lords inflict another EU Withdrawal Bill defeat | George Osborne tells Nick Clegg Brexit is inevitable | EU fury as Brussels demands bigger budget  
After this Irish referendum's over & we've voted to not strip away all our preborn girls & boys human rights, I'd like to see debate & if necessary a referendum on massively increasing punishment for rape. A mandatory 40 year or more sentence no parole, would be my personal pref 
For anyone weighing up a tactical vote today.Every opinion poll which says the "Voice of the People" now favours #Remain, the Brexists say: "The only vote that counts is the one at the ballot box".Today you can get the message across: We don't want Brexit! #peoplesvote #ABTV 
I respectfully disagree with Mike on this. Today is ABSOLUTELY about Brexit. #LE2018 ##LibDems #Greens 
If Remain had won would you now be arguing about the benefits of a soft versus a hard Remain?No, so pack it in with the hard Brexit. I want to leave everything related to the EU and that's what I voted for.  
It's #PollingDay. It's not a referendum on Brexit. Use your vote to inflict maximum damage on this reprehensible Prime Minister & her awful administration. Hold your nose, if need be, and vote for candidates best placed to do that. 
Another thing we’ll lose out on if we #Brexit :  
Apathy, and unquestioning tribal loyalty are the biggest killers of democracy.If you do not want Brexit then put aside the apathy and vote, put aside the tribal loyalty and don't vote Tory or Labour today. Send them a message, no Brexit. 
This important, moving thread makes me think of all the women I know who have been through miscarriage and infertility and are finding the referendum campaign distressing. I think of them every time I see the horrendous, triggering No posters. #repealthe8th 
Brilliant article in today’s Daily Express by Leo McKinstry.  The Establishment are rebelling against the people and intend to overturn the decision of the Referendum. We need a democratic revolution to sweep them all away.  
Dear @UKLabour many supporters will vote for anti Brexit parties today because there is no such thing as a "jobs first #Brexit" We are getting increasingly frustrated with our party. @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @HackneyAbbott @tom_watson @DawnButlerBrent @BarryGardiner 
Referendum posters depicting a foetus yawning 'are not factually accurate' says Master of Rotunda Maternity Hospital Professor Fergal Malone #ItsTime #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
ABSURD: Unelected Lords have out-voted the government on Brexit for the 10th time. Ludicrous.  
Dear Labour supporters,Please consider using today’s rare opportunity to vote to declare your position on Brexit. Please, please, just this once, give your vote to a truly anti-Brexit party. If we can change Labour’s position then I will help support your cause next time.Myrtle 
Today is the last time I am allowed to vote in Britain as EU Citizen. A right I will miss, especially in a country where democracy is so alive. Thoughts about “My Last Vote” @welt #Brexit #LocalElections2018 
Please vote anti brexit even if you don't think the local anti-brexit party can win. The important thing is Labour and the Conservatives see votes being lost.#ABTV 
Today is #pollingday Thinking of not bothering? Remember ..Austerity NHSElderly WindrushHard Brexit Homeless SchoolsArtsDisabled...Use your vote. 
These are LOCAL elections to protect vital public services...a vote for anyone but Labour is a vote for continued tory cuts. The only 'message' it will send is a green light for austerity and a green light for hard brexit.Please vote Labour.RT if you agree.#LE2018#ABTV 
FF is an anti-choice party - if they were in Gov, there would be no #repealthe8th referendum or legislation.  
Nearly two years after the #Brexit vote and less than a year before we're expected to leave the EU and the Tories are still squabbling over Europe. Their addiction to EU bickering has made the UK a laughing stock around the world. #FBPE 
This is your last chance to send a message to the Brexit parties. Ignore those who will try to tell you that you must only vote on local issues. Vote anti-Brexit even if you think your party can't win. The important thing is that the Brexit parties see votes being lost. 
Brexit is happening right now. Jobs are already being lost. Food prices have already gone up. EU citizens are severely affected already. As are Britons in EU countries. So I suggest not enabling that any further. Because it will destroy local communities.  
Be brave: use #LocalElections2018 to cast a protest vote against the pro-#Brexit parties. You'll get another vote in 4yrs time, but #Brexit is for life. Don't let this unholy LaboTory alliance flush us down the Brexit swanny!#PollingDay #ElectionDay #VoteEU #ABTV #WATON 
Today is the big day! #Election2018 Here's some reasons why you should #VoteGreen2018 :We stand up to people in power, on your behalfYou can trust us to protect your local environmentWe fight cuts to public servicesWe are fighting an extreme #Brexit  
Tell me HOW Labour can stop Brexit? The @CONservatives, with the DUP, have a majority. And there are some Labour MPs (i.e. @KateHoeyMP) who would vote WITH the Tories on Brexit. It’s not that hard is it? 
Our last best chance to put out the message to May and Corbyn that we hate what Brexit is doing to our country.  
I awoke to the twin sounds of my alarm and my bin being emptied this morning. Today I will be placing, not wasting, my vote in the local election. I want to send a message to Corbyn and May that my country comes before party and Brexit. I will not be voting Labour or Tory today. 
Theresa May is cornered, outgunned and in crisis - plus Thursday's other Brexit headlines  
Maybe by not passing three line whips to force Labour MPs to vote with the Tories on Brexit? 
As the paid for #ToryTrolls try to get you to vote for anyone but #Labour. Here is Labours actual position on #Brexit. However, the #LocalElections being held today are on issues such as the locally funded council services that you need. #VoteLabourTODAY 
Brexit Explained  
No.  I voted for a party which isn’t helping the Tories push through a Brexit which will destroy jobs, the NHS and the country.    
Today could have been Labour's greatest #PollingDay results ever. The inability of the great leader to stand up to a destructive and divisive #Brexit means that won't happen. It's on him. #LocalElections2018 
The result of #Brexit on UK economy2016: UK fastest growing economy. Brexit ref.2017: Foreign Direct Investment drop of £300bn.           UK drops from G5 to G6           Companies starting to leave UK.2018: Lowest growth in G7.Ref: 
Friends!As ever, Our Chuka - literally - nails it!We have every right to keep an open mind about the best way to sabotage Brexit!We need Our People's Vote to give people a choice of either rejecting Brexit or remaining in Our EU!Talk about respecting the Will of the People!  
Please think ofSchoolsHospital'sDisabledElderlyWindrush GenerationTruthDemocracyHard BrexitAusterityRape ClauseFoodbanksUniversal CreditRough SleepingHomelessnessVeteransTax cuts for the richDemonisationDivisionHateXenophobia#VoteLabour #PollingDay 
Got up early to cast my last ever vote before losing my voting rights after #Brexit. Proud moment. Don’t forget to cast yours - it’s a duty and a privilege. #PollingDay #LocalElections2018 
Sorry @UKLabour I can't bring myself to #VoteLabour in the #LocalElections2018 this #PollingDay because of your Brexit stance#ABTV 
Now we are getting down to the 'Nitty gritty'‘See you in court’: SNP warn UK Government over Brexit Bill  
Vote for tories if you’re afterWindrushAusterityHostile environmentNHS crisisSchool mealsPolice cutsSyria bombingUniversal creditDisability cutsBrexit shamblesHomelessnessWaspi womenGrenfell#MayMustGo #LocalElection2018 #VoteConservative #Elections2018 #VoteLabour 
I assume you haven't seen the forecasts on what Brexit means for public finances. You should look at them before you lecture me about local services. 
The result of #Brexit on the economy.2016: UK the fasted growing economy. Then Brexit.2017: Foreign Direct Investment drop of £300bn.          UK drops from G5 to G62018: Companies starting to leave. Lowest in G7Ref: 
Looking at the EU budget you get the impression that Brexit is excellent news for the German, Dutch, French, Italian and Spanish higher education and tech sectors 
I don't want Corbyn claiming my vote vindicates his damaging policy on Brexit. So I will not vote for Labour today. 
If you’re voting today maybe consider for one moment.This is your chance to let labour leaders know that supporting the Tories on Brexit will cost votes.The decent Labour Party is still there, but hidden and uncertain.Vote tactical for Pro Remain parties.#ABTV#HearOurVote 
Please use your vote today to let them know if you’re furious about #Brexit Vote #LibDems or #Green 
The majority think Brexit is wrong. Keep saying it and it won’t be long before we turn things around. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#PollingDay#FBPE 
Theresa May has once again engaged her favourite tactic when it comes to Brexit – the policy of putting things off.  
I see #VoteConservative is trending#VoteConservative for homelessness and poverty#VoteConservative for the privatisation of our NHS#VoteConservative for war, blame and victimisation#VoteConservative for the insane shambles that is BrexitSeriously, folks, do the right thing 
"BIGGER BUDGET, BIGGER PLANS, FOR FEWER PEOPLE" - Expansionist Commission in cash grab from EU27.  Shocking #Brexit facts from yesterday.  Full story:  
The polls are open 7am-10pm. Your chance to show the Tories what you think of hard Brexit, the Windrush scandal, the housing crisis, NHS cuts, benefit cuts, police cuts, rising knife crime & growing inequality. Vote Labour today 
Now go vote  And please, please, please: do not miss this *last* chance you have to help trigger a change in course RE: Brexit, which will make the UK poorer and create a much harsher society without all the protections and benefits the EU gives. 10/10 
do *not* vote for @UKLabour. The party has not only suppprted Brexit, it has actively enabled it. It backs it to this day even though we see the negative consequences of it clearly already; and even though the vast majority of its members do not support it. Once the UK is out, 4/ 
Looks like @theresa_may will pay a high price for throwing @AmberRuddHR under the bus over #Windrush. Major headaches ahead as her Cabinet temporarily thwart the humiliating #Brexit climbdown which is now inevitable over the #CustomsUnion. What a shame 
Brexit is an economic time bomb. When it goes off the party holding it will NEVER attain power again.Maybe that's Corbyn's big plan? If so he's sacrificing the prosperity and futures of hundreds of thousands of British kids on the altar of his demagoguery. 
Vote #Tory, get #BrexitVote #Labour, get #BrexitBut #BrexitBetraysBritain, so don't vote for it.Vote to save & protect #NHS instead.Vote to come to our senses from this #Brexit madness.Vote to fix our problems with pragmatism instead of cake & unicorns.Vote #ABTV on May 3! 
#VoteLabour and vote for the same failed local policies. Vote Labour & you vote for an unelected, undemocratic House of Lords. Vote Labour to stay in the EU. Vote Labour for higher Council tax. Vote for your Country, Vote for yourself. Vote for a Brexit Party today. 
Labour Brexit or Tory Brexit? It's like being asked if you'd like your cyanide in pill or liquid form 
UK's May faces local election losses as key Brexit tests near  
He insists it's neither a threat nor an ultimatum. But Jacob Rees-Mogg's latest Brexit challenge to Theresa May feels a lot like both  
Brexit: ‘The logic of keeping cross-border trade frictionless is also a case for staying in the single market, for which the best available terms are the ones Britain enjoys now, as an EU member state’ @guardian 
Good morning! Today is the 3rd May - & if 1st May was International Workers' Day, let's shorten that today & make it just International Day!Use the Polling Booth today to F*x #Brexit - Vote #ABTV to #remain in the EU.Don't forget to vote. Every vote counts!  
The local elections will have zero effect on Parliamentary maths. What it will do is deliver a message telling them what will happen to those maths at the next GE if they continue to support #Brexit. They care more about their job than the country so put their job at risk.#ABTV 
Whereas you are committed to devastating the economy renewed conflict in Northern Ireland and breaking up great Britain itself through #brexit 
Another question is why Labour support Brexit, which will cause austerity plus for years to come, will destroy the economy and is an invention of the disaster capitalists.You won't answer that question so why should anyone take your questions seriously? 
Its 3rd of May,A polling day, So cast your vote,Have your say,Can i offer,My advice,If you're anti-brexit,Please think twice,Where you place your tick today,No to Corbyn, No to May,Make a stand for our UK,So Vote for Green,Or vote Renew,Vote Lib Dems,Just Pro-EU. 
#brexit choices  
Elections. If you voted #Brexit, are against uncontrolled immigration, against Radical Islam, want our police to stop being PC, want a PM that stands proud on the world stage and you believe in Britain vote @ukip or @ForBritainParty 
James O'Brien Schools Caller Who Tells Him #Brexit Is "The Will Of The Ppl"Cognitive Dissonance writ large. JO'B nails it again; these bods have no understanding nor any interest in the Will of the Ppl..merely in imposing their will on the Ppl.#StopBrexit 
Seems every HOU game is a referendum on Harden's foul drawing and I honestly don't know how basketball fans aren't amazed at a player who capitalizes off of knowing what his opponents are gonna do before they do it. That's wizardry. 
Dear God what a bunch of incompetent, petty, tiny minded little twerps our Government have become because of #brexit. If this goes ahead, nobody in their right mind will want to deal with the UK ever again.#fbpe #stopbrexit 
Brexit: cut the green wire - the no deal Brexit is like a massive bomb primed to explode automatically when the time runs out. For it not to happen, the hero must reach the mechanism before the clock stops ticking and cut the green wire...  #Brexinfo]. 
Whilst simultaneously voting for unamended Tory Brexit with no safeguards whatsoever - rendering the six tests meaningless twaddle - House of Lords doing Labour's Job while Labour languishes on opposition benches not opposing - its a disgrace  
These headlines that Macron is in the Pacific primarily to counter #China influence miss the point. He’s in the region to show support for the culmination of the New Caledonia referendum for independence process which has been in the works for 20 years. China is a sideshow. 
When has #FBPE, started by a Dutch guy, ever been a Labour movement? Your claim is as non-sensical as Brexit itself. 
Sorry Chris but when your leader is enabling #Brexit despite the clear damage to the economy & his voters you don't get to play the "LD enabler" card any more  
Over 144,000 mark now. Keep signing. Keep RETWEETING. Let the Lords know our democratic voice WILL be heard!Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
1/6 Just published: the @LordsEUCom report on EU/UK dispute settlement after Brexit.The press release and link to the report are here. I will summarise the main points.  
EU budget after Brexit is even bigger as unelected presidents bury their heads in the sand over exit of 2nd biggest contributor 
Please think about this tomorrowNot a single word from Corbyn on Cambridge AnalyticaWhy? Because it threatens #Brexit?It's beneath his dignity?Or did it just escape his attention?Major attack on our democracy, but not a single tweet from the great man#ABTV 
UK's May faces local election losses as key Brexit tests near  
It’s 2299. The 280th year of the Brexit transition period. The cabinet meets for the 389,575th time to agree a solution for the Irish border but the technology still doesn’t exist. They agree to go away & think again. The cryogenically preserved head of Jacob Rees Mogg is livid.  
Two more factual errors in Malin's report. Bannon went to Cambridge in December 2013. And thanks to @J_amesp's email we know Leave EU was working with #CambridgeAnalytica during #Brexit referendum  
I was a lifelong Labour supporter. But I have joined and will vote for the @LibDems as a result of #Brexit and Corbyn and Momentum.More than that I have found some really kind, caring, progressive people in the @LibDems#ABTV  
3rd May 2018Vote Tory, get a Tory Brexit Vote Labour, get a Labour Brexit If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour. 
I wonder what we'd all be doing right now if the Brexit vote had gone the other way? 
Really hope Liverpool go on to win the Champions League. It will show that good things happen to those who put their head above the parapet against Brexit -  Jurgen verdient zu gewinnen 
Boat builder, Alan Goodchild, employs 40 people, including Polish. He voted for Brexit:“The government needs to reinforce the message that they are welcome and that nothing is really going to change. At least I hope it isn’t.”Of course it’s going to bloody change!!   
For many politicians Defence is just a bargaining chip in Brexit negotiations. Not a vote winner or loser, as we see from endless cuts. Until the unthinkable happens. Which it will.  
If you want to hinder Brexit tomorrow then don't vote Tory and don't vote Labour. They're both deserving of a bloody nose. #VoteRemain 
Apparently May is about to order the building of a separate British satellite navigation system given the EU’s determination to exclude us from Galileo. We already build 40% of the world’s small satellites and a quarter of telecommunication ones. A foretaste of Brexit! 
#localelections2018 #LocalElections If you want a Labour party who can win a general electionIf you want a Labour party who are not pro-BrexitIf you want to save the countryReject Labour and Tories tomorrow.Save Labour, save the country. Vote against Brexit. 
More people voted for Brexit than have ever voted for anyone or anything, but tbh I wouldn’t expect a Green to understand the concept of winning elections.  
More and more people think Brexit is the wrong choice.Clear and growing trend showing more people think Brexit is wrong for Britain, latest @YouGov polling shows.Brexit is not the will of the people. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Shouldn't this be headline news nt tucked away in the NI politics part of the website? It could be crucial.BBC News - Lord Patten says Brexit policy 'clueless and delinquent'  
It's a two-for-one. Buy a Brexit, get Trump free.  
I don’t know about you, but when Parliament passed the EU Referendum Act, I didn’t expect this bunch of unelected former/failed politicians to do all they can to stand in the way of the biggest democratic mandate in British electoral history because they can’t stand the result.  
Walk away ......Only way. Rees-Mogg nails simple point – NO DEAL BREXIT means NO FINANCIAL liability to bloated EU  
YouGov polls show how #brexit tide has turned.About 1,476,000 people have already changed their minds.Since August 2017 the MAJORITY think UK was wrong to vote to leave the EU.That majority grows by more than 2,000 every day.#PeoplesVoteVote to #stopbrexit tomorrow. 
Corbyn mistakenly thinks his last election result was a vote for his policies, it was a protest vote against Brexit  which he refuses to acknowledge. Labour under Corbyn are adrift. 
Anyone thinking of voting Labour on Thursday, think again, they're Brexit enablers. Unlike the Lib Dems who want an exit from Brexit. Don't waste your vote on Corbyn or May on 3rd May.  
.@sinnfeinireland preparing for post brexit  
Irish republicanYoungFemaleAnti-BrexitTrusts womenSupports equality for ALLArticulateAbstentionistTyrone & proudSome of the reasons I will be voting for @OrfhlaithBegley tomorrow! I'd urge you to do the same!VOTE BEGLEY  
Just watched BBC news.I was shocked by 3 glaring inaccuracies/omissions:1. The story of cabinet indecision over a CU didn't once mention what the EU will allow.2. The Cambridge Analytica story didn't mention the Brexit ref.3. The #le2018 story described Labour as pro-Remain. 
What has shocked me most about this whole Brexit furore is the lack of honour amongst MPs & public servants to do what they're elected/appointed to do: The will of the people who elect/pay them is clearly subservient to their own self interest. We need to address this & quickly. 
The EU has more trade deals than the US, China and Australia combined. Leaving the EU means #brexit UK will have none. When we do eventually secure new deals, many will depend on prior less advantageous terms we secure with our current major trading partner (EU) #brexitreality 
The Tory Brextremists like Rees-Mogg don't want a successful #Brexit deal. They want a catastrophic no-deal which would destroy the welfare state, end the #NHS and force Britain to become a #BrexitTaxHaven while making huge profits for disaster capitalists. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Sorry but I'm sick to the back teeth of these faux #FBPE  'I'm Labour but can't vote for them tomorrow because of Brexit' whines! If you step out of your self absorbed bubble all you are doing is damaging a party that's working tirelessly to hold the Tories to account! 
Bizarre the amount of hot air being expended trying to sell/diss versions of Brexit all of which share the distinction of being comprehensively worse than what we already have.#brexitbourach 
"As long as we stick together as Europeans, everything can be sorted in the future" - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp tells @krishgm that Brexit, and Donald Trump, are "not the solution".      
Defence Secretary to back Eurosceptics in Brexit war cabinet showdown over customs deal 
There are no 'anti brexit ' parties, they all have brexit strategies. One is dangling the carrot of a second ref that they will never get to see the light of day. I am far more concerned about the NHS being sold off via the back door and Labour is the only party that will stop it 
The Tory Brextemists, Trump, Bannon, Murdoch, Dacre & Putin are key members of a Kleptonationalist network which is using the politics of fear, hate, xenophobia and nationalism to replace genuine democracy with Putinist 'managed democracy'.#Brexit #StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
Nigel is worried about fake news being removed from Facebook.I don’t blame him. Fake news is like the lungs of the alt-right/Brexit/Trump etc. Without fake news, their movements will suffocate.  
Lord Patten says Brexit policy 'clueless and delinquent'. (He’s obviously being diplomatic to put it mildly).   
It's easy to forget what's happened since these set of seats were last contested in 2014, we've had:- 2 General Elections- May as new PM- Brexit- Rise of SNP = Indyref- Corbyn as Labour leader- 2 new Lib Dem leaders- 3 new UKIP leaders Making it so hard to predict... 
Brexit is a women’s issue: disproportionately affected; EU citizens more likely to fall through cracks of settled status;  Remainers facing an awful lot of misogyny/abuse. So come join me and many other brilliant speakers in London, 13 May! #Women4Europe  
The fact that May was reportedly "shocked" by the strength of #Brexit sub-committee opposition to her misbegotten "customs partnership" Euro-fudge speaks volumes.The sooner she is ousted, the better. 
Do not waste your vote on Tory or Labour tomorrow if you don't want Brexit. Blue or Red Brexit means Brexit. There is no doubt in Corbyn and May's minds that they have the people behind them. Leave them in no doubt that you are not. 
Peers defeat Govt for tenth time on Brexit bill as ministers were warned they were "playing with fire" in Northern Ireland  
Stand up to EU or QUIT: May braces for Brexit revolt with Tories poised to oust PM.  She is a disgrace and should be booted at once!                                           #fo2eu 
In the spirit of cross-party cooperation, I'd like Theresa May to know that I am available for an ambassadorial visit to Kiev, to discuss the consequences of Brexit for the Ukraine. May 26th is a good day for me. I'll wait for your call. #LFC #YNWA 
Government & Parliament heading in opposite directions on Brexit, which can only end in tears - or #peoplesvote to resolve the impasse 
I have GIVEN up trying to second guess the PM and her pesky Govt.They REALLY don't know what they are doing !!They went into #Brexit WITHOUT a plan - and 2 yrs later they still CAN'T agree among themselves.SACRIFICING the future of the UK on the altar of their OWN hubris. 
Piss of you selfish ideologue. I voted for my local, pro remain, Labour MP in the GE,  Corbyn sacked her from the front bench for voting to stay in the SM. Brexit will make austerity look like a picnic & Corbyn is enabling Brexit.  
Peter Brookes  on Rees-Mogg's Brexit missive to the PM – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Imagine the sesh if the referendum passes and Liverpool win the Champions League in the same day  
Brexit: Peers vote to guarantee no ‘checks and controls’ at Irish border, in fresh defeat for May.Chris Patten condemns 'blundering into Northern Ireland with a policy which is clueless and deluded with a can of petrol and a box of matches’#StopBrexit 
The point of the Cambridge Analytica story is NOT that they did some weird mind meld on people. It's that Brexit involved unlawful collusion. I wish people would get en pointe on this. 
Theresa May lying yet again. These #LeaveLies have absolutely perverted #Brexit democracy. They are a deliberate and calculated attack on our democracy for which the perpetrators should and must be  punished with lengthy prison sentences. #JailTheLeaveLiars.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
I’m so relieved because my extremely religious granny who refused to vote in the last referendum just told me she’s voting yes on 25th May. Unrelated, but here’s a photo she got me to take of her with a giant Francis Brennan in Dunnes a few weeks ago.  
Liam Fox, David Davis, Gove, Boris, Gavin Williamson vote to defeat the cretinous 'customs partnership' -  6-5!Helped in no small part by new kid on the Cabinet committee block, Sajid Javid. Theresa May, one of the 5, concedes defeat. #Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
Agree Gov't should stop wasting  &  on Brexit, & fix UK communities instead? Vote Renew on May 3rd;WandsworthSouth MonkseatonTynemouthChiswick HomefieldsGreenwich- Plumstead & Woolwich CommonTower Hamlets- WeaversEaling- Elthorne 
Rees-Mogg nails simple point – NO DEAL BREXIT means NO FINANCIAL liability to bloated EU - ExpressSimple enough.   
29/ Luckily there are some local elections tomorrow, so that would be a good place to start. Time for an anti-Brexit vote  
Australia & NZ have one of the closest relationships between nations.But they're not in customs union. They've retained their trade policy and thus sovereignty. And there's no serious talk in either country about forming a CU. If they can, we can?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
The majority of Brits DO NOT want #Brexit.  
Consider supporting this wonderful cause even if you don't enjoy the music of Ed Sheeran. Down Syndrome charities have had a hard time trying not to get dragged into this referendum, which has interfered with fundraising. Please help if you can.   
I think that both Diane Abbott and Anna Soubry make this whole wait for #Brexit fun and interesting ... their arguments may make no sense whatsoever, but the whole debate is certainly made more fun by their involvement.  
9/ It is very kind of @DavidDavisMP to see part of his task as ensuring each country is aware of their exposure to Brexit. May I gently advise him to start fucking advising his own country, you know, the one he represents, about their exposure to Brexit 
In any other era, this g'ment would be decimated by resignations through gross incompetency, criminality and stark, barefaced racism. You have to wonder why they are so determined to hang on. I think its hard-brexit, where they all stand to make fortunes. Its their golden pay-off 
Scandal by scandal... Ministerial resignation by Ministerial resignation... Lords defeat by Lords defeat... we are watching a Government disintegrate. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #LocalElections2018 
Whipped Tories block the release of Windrush papers from Theresa May's time as Home Secretary. An horrific and cowardly act on the Tories' part. And people wonder why @the3million are worried about their rights if Brexit isn't stopped!  
Chris Patten says it like it is - The Brexit extremists will take the country down before they give up on their stupid ideas#PeoplesVote 
Figures obtained by the Evening Standard reveal the Home Office has awarded more than £21 million of contracts to advise it on how to handle EU citizens wanting to stay in the UK after Brexit. 
My mum is voting yes anyway. Started to say to me "Why is it that all the prolifers only seem to come out about babies when there's a referendum? They never do anything for actual children in between"  #repealthe8th #together4yes 
The Brexit collaborators will try and tell you that tomorrow’s vote has nothing to do with Brexit.Local authorities face an £8.4 billion deficit in funding from loss of European Structural and Investment Funds (ESIF) on departure.Every level of government is about Brexit. 
If you want to remain an EU citizen….Don’t vote Conservative!Don’t vote Labour!Country before Party.Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting.#ABTV#ABTV2018#LE2018 
My latest @OccupyDemocrats:Cambridge Analytica just shut down and went bankrupt as transatlantic investigations close in on Trump's data provider and #Brexit's propagandists.All because @carolecadwalla would not back down.#TheResistance #TrumpRussia 
Negotiating, when you can offer a market of 65 million people (UK), instead of a market of 500 million (EU)If you're trying to find out what trade negotiations would be like for us post Brexit... Let's just say... worse... 
Last chance to get the message out: If you can vote in tomorrow's locals, vote @LibDem, @TheGreenParty, or @Renew_Britain to send a #StopBrexit message to the gov. & @UKLabour. We know it's the locals, but if they lose enough votes due to #Brexit, they WILL start listening #ABTV 
Dear @Theresa_May  It's always the cover-up that does for you. I suggest you become a Brexit rebel from the back benches. That way you can get some credibility back. Sincerely #WindrushCoverup 
Lord Patten slams "clueless and delinquent" Brexit policy on Northern Ireland #Brexit  
Will there now be prosecutions over the illegalities and fraud in so many aspects of the Leave campaign? The referendum is void. Stop Brexit, and have a general election now: any ministers and others involved in the illegalities should not be allowed to stand. 
Remainiac Civil Servant Ollie ROBBINS is essentially staging a wrecking exercise on BREXIT.It is gross misconduct and breaches the neutrality rules.He should be sacked.  
Excellent news tonight!The House of Lords has voted by majority of 67 to require any Brexit deal to honour the Good Friday Agreement.Such a clear, sensible and positive message, so crucial for the continued prosperity and peace of Northern Ireland and Ireland.  
STORY: "New kid on the block" @sajidjavid sinks Theresa May’s controversial Brexit customs partnership by siding with Leavers at crunch Brexit showdown. Back to drawing board after stunning War Cabinet debut for new Home Secretary and repenting Remainer:  
I really, completely and seriously (adapted for family viewing) HATE BREXIT but I've met a whole load of wonderful people - keep fighting folks!!! 
3rd May is polling day in West Tyrone. It’s your chance to make a change and elect an MP that will vote against Brexit. You can make change happen - so tomorrow come out and vote for the strongest voice to protect us against #Brexit vote for Daniel McCrossan #McCrossan4MP 
The sword of Damocles falls. It has more chopping to do in coming weeks & months among those who introduced the plague of Brexit. “Cambridge Analytica is shutting down - BBC News  
Denmark, Epinion poll:How would you vote in an EU membership referendum?Remain: 55% (+11)Leave: 28% (-9)Don't know: 17% (-2)Fieldwork: March 2018Sample size: unreleased#dkpol #EU #denmark 
The Evening Standard suggests tonight that we should think about bins when voting tomorrow.They're right. I want to bin the party that gave us brexit and I want to bin Jeremy Corbyn's support for brexit - against the wishes of his own party. Vote for a pro EU party #ABTV 
This is why we #resist!Last May, Cambridge Analytica was threatening @carolecadwalla for reporting on their deepest, darkest secrets about campaign law violations involving both #Brexit and #TrumpRussia.This May, Cambridge Analytica is going out of business.#TheResistance 
It's quite astounding for us on Ireland to see the house of lords, for all love, the upperest of class of the English establishment, showing more mature political sense on Ireland and Brexit than the House of Commons. Just goes to show  history lessons can be learnt. 
I completely understand why, in our FPTP system, Remainers voted for one of the two main parties in 2017. But your vote was subsequently claimed as support for Brexit.Local elections are tomorrow. Don't be used again. Brexit is more important than bins.Send a message. 
If you’re saying vote Labour, ignoring Brexit position, because local elections aren’t about that, then don’t at the same time argue a bad result for the tories in these elections will bring the government down either 
Another victory for common sense on EU Withdrawal Bill. Huge majority of well over 60 for protecting Good Friday Agreement and NI border. Hopefully hard #Brexit will be off the table and suicidal 'No Deals' threats quill be replaced by proper negotiation 
Lord Newby: Vote has recognised what PM hasn’t: that issue of the NI border is of paramount importance. We cannot risk Conservative incompetence & Brexit dogma creating a hard border, & we will not allow years of strong relations within these islands to be jeopardised by Brexit. 
On 24 March we reported: "Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower" 
UK parliament won the power to block the government from accepting a Brexit deal that creates a hard border (with ID checks) between the UK’s Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. 30,000 people cross the border every day.  
Customs is a microcosm of the whole Brexit Fiasco. The abandonment of Union and Partnership to be replaced by Division and Incompetence.We're expected to swallow people knew what they were voting for when those who brought Brexit haven't a clue 2 years later.#BrexitShambles 
Our #NorthEast team @RenewTyne2018 are doing an amazing job! Vote Renew & send a message to Gov that #Brexit should not be UK's priority - Let's fix our communities from a position of strength inside the EU! #RenewLocals #LE2018 
All those MPs who say that the majority of Remainers have come to terms with Brexit are fooling themselves & trying to fool the viewing public.The 1 thing you can be sure about is we are all sick of MPs lying.  
The Guardian view on Tory divisions: deeper than Brexit | Editorial  
Is that so... because I seem to remember all of the Brexit proponents promising us a better deal... 
@thatginamiller fought to give MPs a vote on triggering A50And Corbyn threw that vote away by whipping his MPs, knowing there was a 2 year time limit and that the Government had no plan for #Brexit, but triggering A50 anywayWhere we are now is a direct result of that decision  
Another marvellous victory against government's destructive Brexit policy in House of Lords - this time to stop border controls in Ireland. Here's what it means. My article from yesterday.   
Bernard Jenkin MP - "The PM has got to decide for herself whether the Conservative Party backs the people with the decision they took or the politicians who lost in the referendum.“We wouldn’t be leaving the EU if it had been left to the politicians." #Brexit  
Theresa May will be wishing Amber Rudd was still Home Secretary tonight following a fiery meeting of her Brexit inner cabinet, says @katyballs 
Gerard Batten MEP - "Even if we do have this mythical deal and get out of the EU, we’re not really going to be leaving."There are going to be lots of constraints, and there’s going to be a fight to actually get our sovereignty and real independence back." #Brexit  
Brexit minister in the Lords just spent most of speech in Good Friday debate attacking Michel Barnier - for seeking to hold HMG to its own 8 December commitment to ‘full regulatory alignment’ between Northern Ireland & Republic of Ireland! 
BREAKING: Lords inflict 10th defeat on the Government’s Brexit bill, voting 309-242 in favour of cross-party amendment saying Brexit must not contravene terms of the Good Friday Agreement. 
In the UK, large markets are contracting. Companies are making redundancies to cut costs.At the root of this is economic uncertainty and the threat of trade restrictions. At the root of this is #BrexitPeople are losing their jobs now, today.Save Britain#FBPE #ABTV 
Lords vote 309 to 242 for amendment forbidding any checks or controls on Irish border after Brexit without Dublin’s agreement. 
House of Lords just voted by large majority (67) to require any Brexit deal to honour the Good Friday Agreement. Vital for peace & prosperity of Northern Ireland - & Ireland 
Corbyn supporters want better funding for the NHS, education & social care. Fine, but his brexit policy cannot achieve that outcome. Brexit means austerity on steroids. Today’s funding levels will look like carefree largesse. 
Apparently some people are saying "how can we have stamps to commemorate Dad's Army but not Brexit?"I have an idea. Some of the stamps can serve both functions. I mean, look at the captions.  
So, 1 year & 43 weeks after EU referendum, with 300 days until UK becomes a third country under EU law, Government can’t decide between 2 options already rejected by the other side of the negotiation, and not backed by business, and for which it may not get Parliamentary support 
BREAKING: Govt defeat as Peers vote 309-242 (Maj. 67) for cross-party amendt (88) to #EUWithdrawalBill re: #NorthernIreland border & north/south co-operation post-#Brexit in line with #GoodFridayAgreement 
Software code and data forensics continue to indicate that the Brexit campaign was unlawfully coordinated.  
Jacob Rees Mogg and hardline Brexiteers are by some margin in a minority in the Commons. They  can cause havoc in the Conservative party but they don’t have the numbers to secure their hard Brexit. In their unyielding conviction they seem stronger than they are. 
Ha!Today's#Brexit Cabinet meeting ended in *dead lock* AGAINThe usual excuse obtains :"More work need to be done " apparently !For goodness sake - it's been TWO years. !!I have absolutely NO CONFIDENCE in this Govt. 
Which brings us to the DUP. The reality is the DUP is more pro-Union than it is pro Hard Brexit.I understand from three sources DUP has made clear to No 10 it will accept UK-wide CU membership if that's price to avoid Irish Sea border.Their priority is UK-wide solution /13 
Bob Moran on Theresa May and Brexit divisions - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords   THE HOUSE OF LORDS HAVE OUTSTAYED THEIR WELCOME, THEY HAVE OVERSTEPPED THE MARK. COSTING TAXPAYERS OVER £100 MILLION A YEAR, THEY CAN CLAIM £300 A DAY + EXPENSES, ABOLISH ! 
WATCH: In which I argue that Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable’s vision of a 'People's Vote'  on a final Brexit deal is simply a second referendum in all but name. @VinceCable begs to differ. 
Shall someone gently tell Anna that the people voted explicity on whether we stay or leave the EU and the decision was leave. That means leaving the Customs Union and having any "partnership" post Brexit that links us to them. Clear?  
As the Brexit war Cabinet breaks up without agreement, Theresa May goes back to the drawing board. Five months before we’re meant to have a withdrawal agreement. Tick tock tick tock ...  
So chief whip has been co-opted on to Brexit war cabinet - which is why there is total deadlock on way forward for customs. Dead heat in PM sounding of opinion! 
Lots of noise around on #Brexit and customs today. The 'war' cabinet couldn't make decision. Here's what I know from sources in London, Dublin and Brussels. /1 
Don't recall rejecting a 'Hard Brexit', mainly because there's no such thing. I do remember voting along with 17.4m others to leave the EU, not for some half-baked fudge, which negates the benefits of Brexit. 
Tragic they'll have to pay a price as will all my children for this hard Brexit madness.  
France hits out at EU plot to snatch farming subsidies because of Brexit black hole  
Iain Dale argues Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable’s vision of a vote on final Brexit deal is simply a second referendum in all but name. 
A: Corbyn is pushing Brexit. Brexit informs everything.B: Corbyn is lagging behind the worst government in living memory in the polls. If he can't pull ahead now he will NEVER win an electionC: that leaves the Tories in powerD: Vote Remain  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "The Lords European Committee report from June of last year said that if the UK leaves without a deal, has no UK, EU or international obligation to pay any money." #Brexit  
In the real world car sales are plummeting, factory output faltering and consumer spending is stalled. #Brexit is a huge drag anchor on growth. No wonder business is exasperated and people want a final say on any deal. @LibDemLords #FBPE 
WATCH THISData security specialist @VickerySec found source code that AIQ used in referendum. He says it's *indisputable* that pro-Brexit campaigns co-ordinated. This is totally illegal. Facebook - which facilitated it - refusing to answer qs. And STILL no police investigation  
House of Lords are trying to scupper #BrexitTheir arrogance is mind blowing.They think they know better than the 17.4m of us who voted to #Leave If they want to run the country they should stand for election.If they don't want to do that, they should zip it.#AbolishTheLords 
“Now as a Remainer, I believe we must honour the referendum result,” and the “more we put constraints around what the Government can and cannot do, under any eventuality, the more this will hinder the Government’s room for manoeuvre,” says former Brexit minister Lord Bridges  
Could we just turn "Brexit" into an annual long-weekend holiday where everyone dresses up like Mr Gumby, drinks tea and remembers "the good old days"?People will be like - "Oh sweet, it's Brexit this weekend. Get your teapots and braces, we're off to the Seaside!"   
PM fights to save her idea of a 'partnership' with EU from major rebellion by Eurosceptics. It is a device to allow the EU to have control over the UK post Brexit.  May is clearly pro EU and anti UK. She must go. 
There doesn't need to be a Brexit, there just needs to be a face saver that can be called Brexit 
As I traveled in Kurdistan w/my Kurdish friends, I met many Kurdish citizens. They shook my hand thanked US for supporting Kurds. I never thought US would betray the Kurds , punish them for the referendum, allow Iranian militia to take over #Kirkuk forcing Kurds from their homes 
ONE reason why we need to Leave EU Customs Union.Why would any free & sovereign nation sign up to this punishment?#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Forget Brexit, the EU may be on the brink of collapse, says @IankKearns 
I have respected #Referendum result & by voted to trigger Article 50. I stood for re-election last year promising to continue to support the Single Market, Customs Union & positive benefits of immigration. I will do just that. I polled the highest Tory vote in 25 years  
We cannot ask European tax payers to pay for Brexit. EU must do more on migration, research and other areas with real EU added value. It’s is doable: We just need to prioritize resources. Big on big, small on small, should be our motto. #dkpol #eudk #mff #EUbudget 
“Join the rebellion” seems like an odd slogan for a group that fought tooth and nail to prevent a referendum from even taking place.  
NEWS! Theresa May aiming to deliver Brexit deal that disappoints absolutely everyone  
Not finished yet - Brexit Customs subcommittee is now delaying the UN Secretary General meeting  
How opinion on Brexit has moved since the June 2016 referendum. The YouGov Brexit tracker trend chart  
BREXIT GLOOM: Return of roaming charges to cost business travellers £778 a month /#EU #Brexit #Tech 
I am not asking you to betray your party, I am asking you to not betray your country. If you don't want Brexit then please don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May. 
Brexit SEALED? Nigel Farage shares HIGH FIVE with Juncker before CRUNCH EU budget debate  
As each passing day brings us closer to #Brexit with no meaningful progress on vital issues, the indecent haste with which #A50 was triggered, with no consensus, no prep & no plan, is looking like one of the most catastrophicly stupid political decisions of our lifetime. #ABTV 
EU-wide information system threatened by Brexit used by UK 539 million times every year, police say - The Independent  
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna on why we have every right to keep an open mind about what happens at the end of the Brexit process. We demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Why the Lords are right to apply the brakes on a train-crash Brexit | Karan Bilimoria  
This Colin guy on the chase that is unbelievable Brexit means fucking Brexit pic.twitter.com/jp2z7to3G3 
The Irish Post has the headline of the day: "U2 lose dozens of fans after coming out in support of 'Yes' vote in Ireland's abortion referendum". Dozens, I tell ye. Dozens.  
We were NEVER given a VOTE on joining the EU. A huge geopolitical (& sinister) superpower arose WITHOUT the consent of the people. Follow the money. Follow the stench of corruption #brexit  
Cabinet Brexit subcommittee on Customs still in Downing Street ... surely it has to end before the UNited Nations Secretary General Gutteres arrives in 6 minutes... perhaps he can help mediate.... 
I’ve changed my mind about the House of Lords as it’s taking a stand on Brexit | Jess Phillips Quite a few of us have revised our opinion of the Upper House lately. Still don't like the idea of hereditary peers but I'm loving the rest! 
Brexit would affect every area of British life. 
Re-Tweet if you don't want this future...#brexit #NHS #peoplesvote #peoplepower 
Architect of the Good Friday Agreement Lord Trimble warns Remainers against linking Brexit with the peace process in Northern Ireland, says it is “scaremongering on a fairly limited basis”  
Delaying a decision on an impossible system which your negotiating partner has already rejected. This might be peak Brexit.  
By this time tomorrow, 3rd May, I will have cast my vote. I will have voted for a candidate of a party that does not support Brexit. I will not have wasted my vote on @UKLabour or @Conservatives, they want Brexit, I do not. If you don't want Brexit, don't vote Tory or Labour. 
May 3rd Don't vote Labour or ConservativeLabour do not understand that their voters don't want BrexitVote EU#LE2018@milneorchid 
The SNP has called on the Government to pause the passage of the Brexit Bill through Parliament until there is agreement with the devolved assemblies. 
STATEHOOD FOR PR: Florida’s Republican governor says he supports making Puerto Rico the nation’s 51st state. "The USA should “respect the will of the people of Puerto Rico.” The U.S. territory held a referendum last year where more than a half a million voters backed statehood. 
"If you have any checks on a border, then they become the focus for violence" ex-Tory chairman Chris Patten explains to @BBCWorldatOne his Lords amendment to guarantee no hard border in Ireland after #Brexit.  
Nigel Farage calls for a referendum “on the abolition of the House of Lords”.This should have been the key policy of UKIP post Brexit Referendum.Democracy = abolish unelected EU then abolish unelected Lords. (Next should be Proportional Representation)  
May warned by 60 Tory MPs Brexit her customs partnership idea will sink her  
German press interviewer: "What would you change in the world if it was possible for you?"Me:"Right now, reverse Brexit. I’m never a fan of the ‘pull out method’."I hope they print that. 
Scientists for Yes is a campaign led by Ireland’s scientific community, advocating for a ‘Yes’ vote in the upcoming abortion referendum #8thRef #Evidence4Yes 
The one good thing about #Brexit is that it has introduced us to the #Dunning-KrugerEffect, the study which showed that the incompetent are too incompetent to realise that they are incompetent. 
Remainers have been trolling the Telegraph with their own Brexit poems.  
You can vote it away though. The only way Brexit can be stopped is if the people reject it when the details are made clear. So please hear me. Brexit can be stopped. Labour members and voters want it stopped. But Corbyn is currently ignoring them.Which part of that is untrue? 
Farage calls for a referendum 'on the abolition of the House of Lords'  
.@LiamFox: Brexit has awoken the world’s interest in Britain and it has awoken Britain’s interest in the world  
Brexiters ‘playing with fire’ in their treatment of Northern Ireland & the border - Chris Patten in House of Lords on need to enshrine Good Friday Agreement in any Brexit treaty 
If you believe that a #PeoplesVote on the deal is tantamount to stopping Brexit, then you believe the people don't want Brexit. 
What is this referendum really about? @gavreilly follow the money re abortion pills Exelgyn and also Evofem - @SimonHarrisTD and @campaignforleo has questions to answer - be wary of @FineGael @RoisinShortall #abortion #healthcare #BigPharma 
For all the jokes about the English language disappearing after Brexit, there you have it: the commission has no plans to cut Eng translation or interpretation.  
I can’t imagine there are many Remain Tory voters left, well certainly not who would vote for the Ukip Tories we have now. If there are, please join everyone else putting Tribal politics to one side for #Localelections2018 and vote Anti Brexit.#ABTV 
Owen, are you saying Labour should ignore the fact that its voters/members overwhelmingly want to stay, for the sake of gaining power?PLEASE listen: Corbyn doesn't have to oppose brexit. He just needs to promise that if the deal fails his tests, he'll let the people vote on it. 
It's the perfect encapsulation of brexit. You couldn't script it better 
My brother has been tracking YouGov polls about whether Brexit was right or wrong. The trend is clear. Wrong! #peoplesvote 
An interesting thread in the lack of Tory thinking on Brexit. Come for the clickart - stay for the replies  
My takeaway point from the Minister & from GB-based #Brexit experts: there is still cause for optimism that a solution will be found.(Believe you me, that alone makes it worth the trip to Dublin today!)  
Visiting @cocacolaie plant in Lisburn. A major employer across the Island.  Huge concerns around the uncertainty with Brexit; the impact of tariffs or customs arrangements. This company & others need certainty. Brexit is bad for business. We need special status for the north.  
While the Cabinet squabble over which of their unworkable customs proposals to unite behind (before having it rebuffed again by the EU), remember that their reckless and idiotic approach to Brexit is already costing us around £200m every week in lost growth.  
latest GDP figures once again show how damaging #brexit is for the UK economy. This is not what #Brexit cheerleaders promised and provides yet further reasons for the need for there to be a #peoplesvote @peoplesvote_uk at the end of the process 
"Brexit and the Perils of ‘Europeanised’ Migration" by @AndrewPGeddes and I. Now available in Journal of European Public Policy.   @migrpolcentre 
New GDP data reveals that Britain's economic growth has slumped compared to other EU economies.Before the referendum we were the fastest growing economy in the G7. Now Brexit is already damaging our economy. Please RT:  
BREXIT DEADLINE: Taoiseach @campaignforleo has warned there is "a real risk" the EU will miss the October deadline on the #Brexit withdrawal treaty if we do not see "real and meaningful progress by June."  
The Brexit delusion - @AlexMassie on fine form 
Please #register4Yes Your vote could decide this referendum! It could be that critical. #ItsTime #Repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
No one really wanted to Leave. It was a bluff. They wanted to renegotiate and didn’t mean Brexit at all and are now really trapped (which is all the voters fault for believing their clear BS) and they don’t know what to do with it now they’ve won. Does that about cover it Steve? 
Times reveals founder of key pro-Brexit think-tank Legatum had links to Russian intelligence. His organisation effectively threatened to topple May if she softened Brexit. Harder & harder to see Leave as anything but a campaign to damage the UK. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
SLAMMED: Danish & Dutch Prime Ministers slam EU’s proposal for more huge spending. “A smaller EU as a result of Brexit should mean a smaller budget”. Brussels only know spend, spend, spend!  
Brexit has been an earthquake for our Europhile establishment  
Brexit news: House of Lords is AGAINST BRITAIN and needs SCRAPPING says Lord Lamont  
Brexit: MEPs concerned over EU citizens’ registration process.  
Brexit has created new divisions, barriers and friction in Northern Ireland. Any new border across the island would be seen as a reversal of the gains of the peace process. @LibDemLords will vote today to prevent any new hard border arrangements in Ireland #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Reread this mornings discussion on Brexit... think I was pretty fair, to be honest!I suppose you could call it my “hard” Brexit resistance, as opposed to the soft one labors offering... & by soft, I mean they’ll go along with Brexit, they just promise not to be happy about it! 
Think you could go as low as a Tory? These guys find low depths that most of us could never even contemplate let alone reach We want to see pictures of your #ToryPowerStance #HowLowCanYouGo? Free F@ck Brexit badge for the best pose #StopBrexitSaveBritain #SODEMaction 
Ian's on form. The choice is between pointless, insane and impossible.(And anything worth reading on Brexit and trade can use his "You'd be forgiven for giving up now, but stick with it.")  
NSUI led DUSU along with VP Kunal Sehrawat has scored a huge victory for students freedom in electing their leaders.The referendum held by the college has resulted in the following numbers in favour of college union and DUSU:93.2% for College Union91.35% for DUSU  
Spot on and well done.  Do not be swayed by single issues (brexit) as we need a united party like never before.  I am 100% for remain, but I am committed to removing the tories first and foremost. 
We deliver what we promised. #EUBudget for the EU-27 takes into account #Brexit and is modern, fair, more flexible and focused onthe challenges Europe faces. #FutureofEurope  
To clarify, my position on timing of the next independence referendum has not changed.  We should use our mandate. The fact remains that our FM will make the decision, based on a broad range of opinion and evidence. We don't need to wait for a date to campaign for independence. 
#WednesdayMotivation Local councils CAN'T stop brexit, they have very little influence on Parliament. Anyone who tells you differently is telling porkies. Protest voting will not change brexit, but it will ensure your area may go bankrupt if the Tories run it.#VoteLabour3rdMay 
A few reasons millenials WILL NEVER be able to buy houses:- we can't save because rent is too high- train fares are RIDICULOUS- I'm sure I can blame old people and Brexit somehow- we're probably paying off a stupid amount of uni debt- insert another dig here about the EU 
Jacob Rees-Mogg says the idea of a 'customs partnership' after Brexit simply doesn't work. The Government must not be allowed to saddle Britain with an agreement which prevents a clean break!  
Jeremy Corbyn asked Theresa May 'why growth is so slow? Answer: bc of Brexit which he is supporting! #PMQs #BBCDP 
No Deal must mean Remain. Or at very least a #PeoplesVote on the crash-out option. “No-Deal Brexit Risk Is Back as Barnier Warns Talks May Fail - Bloomberg  
Whereas Remainers want a #PeoplesVote now that facts & truths are available, this joker wants a hissy fit spoiled child different one: “Nigel Farage calls for a referendum 'on the abolition of the House of Lords' over Brexit defeats - Evening Standard  
WATCH: @mtpennycook speaking earlier on @SkyNews about the Government's chaotic approach to the Brexit negotiations."The Government have absolutely no idea what their solution on customs or the Irish border is."  
Brexit could potentially ground thousands of flights  
We are, first and foremost, a culture magazine and not overtly political in most of our content. However, few defining moments such as this referendum come along and we are proud to stand behind something we passionately believe in. #togetherforchoice #togetherforyes #yes 
Delingpole: The British Establishment Cannot Be Allowed to Torpedo Brexit  
.@Nigel_Farage calls for a referendum 'on the abolition of the House of Lords'  
Customs partnership: the sad little end of tiny Brexit dreams  
Got a few free hours in front of a keyboard. Might rock up into Owen Jones’ mentions and accuse him of personally sabotaging my life in pursuit of Brexit. 
Irish prime minister Leo Varadkar says there is a real risk the EU will miss October's deadline on the Brexit withdrawal treaty if there is no real progress by June 
Lord Lamont: 'I've always backed the House of Lords. But after this Brexit power grab, my colleagues are forcing me to reconsider.'   
The mysteriously dropping number of @BritishInEurope. Since Brexit, ONS has revised the number of UK citizens living in the EU downward, from 1.2 million, to 900k, now to 784,900, due to different ways of counting. It's politically motivated, and incorrect  
Well I am not voting for any pro brexit party and that goes for both Lab and Cons  
EU's new budget proposal just issued.  We'll report in detail in next days but they propose "to create a €13 billion #EUDefence Fund".  This is for EU army that Nick Clegg said was "a fantasy". Original facts-based #Brexit daily news:  
I write on @LeftFootFwd: These elections cannot resolve our national political crisis; they cannot sort out the Brexit mess. They will decide who will represent you & make decisions for your community #LocalElection2018 #LE2018 
Er, no. Not candidate. Party. A vote for a pro-EU candidate from a Brexit party will be spun as an endorsement of the Lab or Tory Brexit line. It'll do nothing to help change minds.#ABTV 
So, anyway. We've got trying to deport black British citizens, a knife epidemic, a year-long winter NHS crisis, a dog's breakfast of a Brexit and now 270 women dead before their time. What *would* make Theresa resign? 
#Brexit exam at German schoolsPupils in Baden-Württemberg had to discuss British Brexit expectations and realities in their A-level exam last week. Not a small challenge, hope you did well!  
Sun and smiles in Omagh today on the doors for @McCrossanMLA One day to polls. West Tyrone needs an MP that will go to work and vote against Brexit. Dan’s the man for the job.Tomorrow 3rd May Vote for Change Vote for #McCrossan4MP 
Nail on head.Brexit's being mugged by the people meant to implement it  
This reminds me of the brexit people over here that tried to burn a EU flag. It didn't light on fire because of EU regulations on flammable materials. 
Peter Bone just called Theresa May the “Brexit Queen” at #PMQs 
By seeking to thwart Brexit, the House of Lords has overstepped the mark. It is no longer fit for purpose, writes Brian Monteith Director of Communications at Global Britain. 
Maybe they should get the sculptor who made this Ronaldo statue to do the “Brexit queen” Theresa May one.Like Brexit and Theresa May, the sculptor had grand ideas, which were foiled by the reality of his shitness. pic.twitter.com/PDCoKLyJ9Z 
.@oflynnmep poetic budget speech: "Who wants to be a trillionaire,  and have flashy flunkies everywhere...?Who wants an army at his call,  and to force one currency on all?Who wants to dish out all the orders, and to take charge of everybody's borders?" #MFF #Brexit  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now over 140,000 signatures and still rising. June 18th is when Parliament is going to debate this petition. They should have made it June 23rd UK independence Day. 
The modernised Common Agricultural Policy will have a budget of €365 billion. This represents a reduction of 5%. CAP #EUBudget Factsheet:  [PDF] #FutureofCAP #Brexit  
#PMQsCorbyn:-Economy is slowing-Homelessness rising-More children in poverty-Brexit negotiations in shambles-Police budgets cutWith council tax rising more than 5%, isn't the truth, that with the Tories you pay more to get less!#Localelections2018 #WednesdayWisdom #BBCqt 
I hope the Tories get absolutely hammered in London. But I wonder if Londoners think that Labour is an anti-Brexit party. If they do they are going to be sorely disappointed.  
Lord Lamont: I've always backed the House of Lords. But after this Brexit power grab, my colleagues are forcing me to reconsider 
Less than a week left to #RegisterToVote in the Referendum on May 25th150,000 young people have yet to registerPlease use your voice & your vote#RepealTheEighth #AbortionRightsNow#MenForYes#TogetherForYes#HomeToVote 
Want to Win the Next Independence Referendum?1. State Scotland will have its own Currency pegged to the Euro initially, and its own Central Bank.2. State Scotland will, as a minimum, keep the same UK state pension amount.3. State Scotland will remain in the EU.Job Done! 
*** APRIL RECAP ***> @AndrewRosindell with a strong effort after drawing in the snow on his own car> “Frans Bright” and her Brexit Braces 15 year old > Lisa Smith and that amazing tag line “(His nickname for God)”> Joe’s derby day lies2018 is a good year for DHOTYA  
So the 'Lord's' think that they know better than 'the People'.It's time these stupid old fools were put in their place...SCRAP the House of Lords!!#brexit  
Did someone say Brexit Queen?I don't think it means what you think it means, Peter Bone...  
Anti-abortion activists have hired data analytics firms that worked for Trump, Brexit and NRA. @openDemocracy has the full story, with lots of great graphics  @gavinsblog @donie #8thref 
The grim logic of Labour's Brexit position: appease the leavers and take the remainers for granted by co-signing a catastrophe that will take place before the next election anyway.  
Politics today:The PM systematically persecuted members of an ethnic minority and is now being blackmailed by members of her own party who are threatening to expose her and are demanding an extreme form of Brexit which would destroy our country.I think this is a record low. 
Seriously. If you need a laugh about Brexit from time to time, make sure you're following Felton. Man's a genius  
Raab has been snorting lines of Brexit-grade unicorn powder...  
Rees-Mogg is not a real Tory. He is the favourite of a hard to far-right axis linking the ERG Brextremists, the Farageists, the tax-dodging billionaire press, and the Breitbart, Mercer, Trump axis. He is the kleptonationalist candidate.@Anna_Soubry#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
OohEu can dancePound can diveTaking a chance with your livesOoh, see that girlBorder plans not yet seenDig in the Brexit Queen  
The Brexit delusion: a cause championed by know-nothing charlatans pining for a lost world that never was and never can be in the future. Apart from that, it's fine.   
If they have the right to change their minds, then so do the people.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
“Will she come to Wellingborough where she will be carried shoulder-high through the streets to the echoing of cheering crowds?” @PeterBoneUK offering to show PM the site of a statue to the ‘Brexit queen’ "Tempted to say,  how could I refuse?" @theresa_may#pmqs 
There are no ‘winners’ in #Brexit (apart from Putin) - when we discuss ‘the’ or ‘a’ custom union it’s purely a damage control excerise, and a choice between the least bad option. @cnni 
Today's @EveningStandard tells its readers they should vote on local issues - on "bins not Brexit" - and to vote Conservative tomorrow  
.@PeterBoneUK says a "statue will be erected to the #Brexit Queen" @Theresa_May in his Wellingborough and Rushden constituency #PMQs 
Local elections may be last time Brits can say what they think about #Brexit. They are also first time Europeans can do so. That’s why it’s so important to vote for pro-European candidates tomorrow. 
Hi Duncan. I don't like the referendum result either, but we lost. The Tories are offering a hard Brexit, Labour a customs union. If Labour oppose the referendum result they'll lose dozens of seats in the North and Midlands, giving a hard right Tory Brexit a majority. 
For fucks sake, Owen.  Get your head out of the sand on this one.  Any voter apathy on this is down to Labours idiotic paralysis on Brexit.  They are not an opposition if they don’t oppose, so why the fuck should I bother supporting their lack of support for remain? 
Without EU membership to attract investment, the UK would be forced to slash taxes on business & wealth, and slash regulations & workplace rights, and of course welfare. A trade deal with the US would all but end the #NHS.ERG heaven. Hell of the rest of us. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
The only logical interpretation of the UK government's Brexit strategy is that it WANTS to fail:  
I’m not one of those people who think the referendum was dodgy/result of sinister 3rd parties. But I do feel sick when there are 331 days to go and the Cabinet is still all over the place on customs union. 16m of us voted to Remain. Please don’t ask us to stop complaining. 
Danny Finkelstein explains why proposal for #peoplesvote on the Brexit deal did so well in House of Lords on Monday & why most Labour members now support it. An idea whose time has come  
Our editorial @EveningStandard on London local elections: vote on the bins not Brexit, and vote Conservative   
After we leave the EU, Peter Bone wants to erect a statue of the “Brexit queen”, Theresa May. Peak Brexidiocy.  
On Brexit day, Theresa May should visit Wellingborough where she’ll be carried shoulder high through the streets, to the site where there will be a statue of the Brexit Queen @PeterBoneUK #PMQs 
If you want to witness the demented lunacy that #Brexit has become watch Peter Bone's cringingly embarrassing performance on #PMQs today. 
Peter Bone MP jokes that a statue of "Brexit queen" Theresa May will be built in his constituency when UK leaves the EU #PMQs 
If you needed any more evidence of how pointless PMQs is, Peter Bone just used his chance to scrutinise the PM to ask May if she'll come to his constituency once we've left the EU to see the unveiling of a statue of "The Brexit Queen" aka herself.  
Corbyn: The economy is slowing. Homelessness is rising. Children are in poverty. Home Office is in chaos. The govt are making a complete shambles of Brexit. They're damaging NHS, schools, cutting police as crime soars. They claim to be strong and stable. #PMQs 
Tory Peter Bone wants an erection for The Brexit Queen. #pmqs #bbcdp 
Peter Bone just offered to carry Theresa May shoulder high through the streets of Wellingborough and erect a statue to "our Brexit Queen".Good, normal political discourse in our good, normal country. #PMQs 
My cartoon Wednesday @TheTimes on the ghouls that are The Tory Family #Brexit #CustomsUnion 
The petition to request a referendum to abolish the H of Lords now reached 140,000. It's surging forward. Keep it going. Sign the petition. Join the movement for constitutional reform. 
Hard Brexit Harry Maguire wins player of the season at the city awards last night. I'm not surprised, he's the reincarnation of Bobby Moore. After England win the world cup silly bids will come in for him. Could hit £15 million by August. Crazy money! 
Normal brain: yes brexit will impact the price of healthy food imported from Europe but the real reason children are overweight is parents can't afford to spend the time making meals and children aren't getting enough exercise Jamie Oliver galaxy brain:  
This is Brexit Britain. This is what it looks like. This is what the end of Free Movement and the Hostile Environment are about: preventing foreign nationals from easily coming here to work. IF YOU DON’T LIKE IT, ELECT SOMEONE WHO DOESN’T ADVOCATE IT.  
'Diversity of subjects - arts, humanities and social sciences, as well as STEM - is essential to national prosperity post-Brexit.' Read the British Academy's submission to the Government's review of post-18 education and funding  
Was just about to unfollow @ireland and then realised I already did in May 2015 when they had Iona Institute's Breda O'Brien's son curating THE WEEK before #YesEquality referendum. 
Andrew Neil - These #brexit negotiations are a shambles now. A source in Brussels told him... "lets just keep turning the screw because they(UK Govt) keep folding & they haven't a clue what their positions are"#StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcdp #PMQs 
Without wishing to go all Kaisser Chief’s on yo ass; Brexit overturned, revolt on House of Lords geriatrics, black gang stab-a-thon, Ramadan, Trump visit plus Muslim mayor inciting numbskulls to protest. I PREDICT A CHUFFING RIOT. 
Also it's not just ministers. Long-time Tory eurosceptic backbenchers also seem to be woefully ignorant of basic facts. I have seen basically no coherent reality-based Brexit plan anywhere in the Conservative Party. 
Something we must all accept about this country:If OLD MONEY decides YOU will become president/ the country needs a referendum it will happen. Your input as a citizen (mwananchi) is opposing/supporting the owner ( mwenyenchi) at the BALLOT to legitimize his choice. 
I think, therefore I don't support Brexit. 
Govt shld consider taking Immigration from Home Office and create new Department to deal with backlog and to settle a new effective robust system to deliver the policies we need as a confident open economy after Brexit #wholenewsetupneeded 
So many people complaining about the price of cheap alcohol rising in Scotland...yet none of them appear to have noticed the massive food price increases since the #brexit vote!  
Senior Brexit supporting Conservative MPs have delivered what's been described as an ultimatum to Number 10, demanding that Theresa May drops one of the government's preferred options for customs arrangements after Brexit, explains @afneil #bbcdp 
So, how's that there Brexit going?  
An organisation called Get Britain Out have kindly published ratings of MPs’ performance on Brexit. Check it out to see how well your MP is looking after your interests.  
Fellow Kenyans! A Constitutional Referendum to Alter the Structure of Governance is in the Offing!WHAT'S YOUR HONEST TAKE ON THIS?Vote & Retweet#StateOfTheNation 
If you really are considering some form of customs union post Brexit @theresa_may then all your 'Brexit means Brexit' claims were utterly meaningless & you were lying to the public. If so you should be following Amber out of the door.   
Well well well.........PEERS IN EU'S POCKET Brexit-bashing Lords receive £500k in EU pensions a year and aren’t allowed to criticise Brussels… but won’t say so in Brexit debate  
Negotiating partner EU waits and watches as U.K. again has conversation with self about #Brexit and way forward 
Peers trying to scupper Brexit should be reminded the House of Lords is a revising chamber not a wrecking one 
This morning we’re in Buswells answering questions from TDs and Senators about #together4yes and the referendum on the 8th amendment #8thref 
Remaining in the Customs Union is Brexit in name only, says @JLongworthLML 
The Brextremists will willingly wreck everything to ensure a hard #Brexit which would force the UK to become a tax haven style economy. Expect every form of deceit, chicanery and threat from them and their tax-dodging billionaire press allies. #StopBrexit #VoteEU.#ABTV 
Wow. The EC will today outline a €100 billion budget for its new research programme. Great news for Britain in a united #Europe. Oh... #brexitshambles #brexit  
True Brexiteers in Parliament are in the minority but they have the people on their side!Important the pressure is kept on this government who want Brexit In Name Only or better yet, bring them down and replace with a true Brexit administration!  
Let's not kid ourselves.A Customs Partnership is another word for Customs Union. We are being sold out by the Tories with their establishment backers.The only alternative is to vote for a Brexit Party on Thursday & send Theresa May a message 
JUNE: Parliament to debate petition for referendum on abolishing the House of Lords. Europhile Lords have discredited themselves with anti-Brexit betrayal. Abolish!   
Latest LAB voter split from today's YouGov's Brexit tracker  
“We are watching the tiny dreams of very unimaginative people finally circle around the drain and disappear.”The U.K. has proffered 3 options. “The first shows that Brexit is pointless, the second is insane and the third is impossible.”  
Secondly, the key task has been to move the Overton window Remain-wards. It’s worked. No deal Brexit is now effectively off the table, and only cranks are pushing it. Soft Brexit is now in the centre of the window, not at the extreme, and remaining is firmly in the window. 
The Remain Lords and MPs turn every debate on Brexit into another debate on trade, so they can peddle their tired soundbites again. The clever ones spread disinformation, and the badly informed ones peddle their misunderstandings as truths. 
Time for the 17.5 Million who voted for Brexit to stand up  
Eh Goany no hiv a referendum palCos we'd loseSays James Kelly who took Tory cash to lie to Grannies  
I’ve typed the word register one million times in the past week but just so we’re clear: if you’re not on the register by May 8th, you will not be able to vote in the referendum. At all. There is NOTHING you can do about it after that date. Get it sorted NOW. #register4yes 
So all the countries Fox promised to have quick trade deals with are signing up instead with the EU! 50+ trade deals which Britain loses after Brexit. Time to stop, time for a #PeoplesVote 
Why the EU customs row in Brexit war cabinet is total red herring  
businesses being forced to relocate due to #brexit is just not good enough - this is why there needs to be #peoplesvote at the end of the process @peoplesvote_uk 
Brendan O'Neill nails it!Remaining in "the" or "a" customs union stops countries making basic decisions about their own trade policy. If you can't dictate your own trade policy, you are NOT a sovereign nation.We absolutely MUST be able to forge our own trade deals #brexit  
Those who say "the EU isn't perfect so let's reform it" do not understand what the EU is, why it was created, how it works or where it's going, and are ignorant of 45 years of attempted reform.The EU is, by design, unreformable, a one way ratchet to create a superstate. #Brexit 
Latest (post Rudd resignation) Brexit tracker from YouGov sees "wrong to leave" edge up 2 points"In hindsight, do you think Britain was right or wrong to vote to leave the EU?"Right 42% =Wrong 47% +2DK 11% -2 
So, is this right? 23 months after referendum, 14 months after A50 triggered & 9 months after options first proposed in HMG position paper, the Cabinet is still discussing its negotiating position on the UK’s post-Brexit customs relationship with the EU? #tempusfugit 
I just met Kevin who is moving his business to Ireland because of Brexit. Aim Hire Ltd is a recruitment company in Teddington employing over 100 people. We need that final say #PeoplesVote @sarahljolney1 richmondtimes 
Still no official government response to the ever-growing petition calling for a referendum on the abolition of the Lords, but confirmation it will be debated on June 18th 2018.   Support us at  
How about no ambiguity: no Tory Brexit, no Labour Brexit, no soft Brexit, no however you flex it Brexit. Vote pro-EU at the local council elections: let's show how to be clear in our message to political leaders #StopBrexit #ABTV 
For completeness, here's what the EU has been saying about post-Brexit customs: (1) @MichelBarnier speech in Hanover last week  (2) the European Council guidelines on the EU/UK Free Trade Agreement  
I speak as someone on the rebound from two rubbish abusive relationships with Theresa and Jeremy. I've taken up with Vince as he alone will get us out of the nightmare of Brexit. Vote @LibDems 
Quentin Letts: The Brexit 17.4 million voted for is being mugged by the very people meant to implement it. When the masses give up on democracy, bad things happen:  
The EU is terrified that Britain will become a high growth and thriving powerhouse of free-market economics, and that is why they want us tied down:  #Brexit 
Great news! The petition to abolish the House of Lords after their efforts to thwart Brexit will be debated on 18 June. We'll keep you all in the loop! 
A tiny faction of extreme Tory MPs getting to creatively interpret the referendum, exclusively define what constitutes a “real” #Brexit and, in effect, determine the future for a generation, is the exact opposite of democracy. 
David Davis acts surprised finding out how a part of the UKinEU community feel while he refused to meet @The3Million and @BritishInEurope.How he did not "realise until recently"? It's been almost TWO YEARS since the referendum.Remember: MPs are paid from your taxes.  
Dear Mrs May,A customs union is:1. Not wanted2. Not needed3. Incompatible with Brexit4. Not independent self-governance#Brexit 
Hello good morning. The customs partnership is impossible, no matter how much bloody noise May or the lunatic wing of Brexit make about it   
This is why even the Brexit sub-committee won't deliver a clear Brexit. She has it stacked with fellow Remainers.  
Let's not forget that this individual is one of the prime reasons why we are in this Brexit shambles. HE has cost this country BILLIONS. Does he work for Putin? Maybe we'll never know, but be assured he's only ever worked for his own interests - not yours. Ignore #UKIP on May 3rd 
At 11am I will be on Radio Five Live with Presenter Anna Foster.  Also on the panel, Patrick Jenkin, Vince Cable, & Anneliese Dodds. Talking about the Customs Union, Brexit & House of Lords (so I am told). 
Seriously, this thread summarizes everything that's wrong with the mindset behind Brexit Britain.  
LISTEN  | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and the ERG lead the Brexit revolt: "This customs partnership is the Single Market by another name and therefore will not deliver on the Conservative Party manifesto." Support us at  
If Nick Timothy was still in Number 10, the customs partnership would be dead. The people keeping it alive are Remainers trying to undo the referendum result…  
In 2016, bad weather caused some people to miss out on voting in the referendum. The result was Brexit. Tomorrow may be our LAST CHANCE to have a say. Even if there are 100mph winds, forked lightning & an arctic snowstorm - make sure you get out & VOTE!! But take a cagoule, obvs. 
If the Lords continue to frustrate the will of the elected government, May must clear the path for a referendum on the abolition of their Lordship’s house.  
After the Tory Election fraud Scandal and this Brexit power grab of the U.K. And the links to Cambridge Analtytica, D.U.P. Bribe   Serious questions need to be asked about the legality of this Tory Government. 
Could everyone in the UK who cares about BREXIT and who hates Tony Blair and his cronies, please be aware that the "Best for Britain" campaign @BestForBritain is sponsored by George Soros.We must NOT let these evil rich people defeat our Country! 
There is no such thing as a Hard Brexit...Brexit is Brexit...we all know what we voted for...honour our decision.. 
David Davies’ new idea that you can have ‘hard Infrastructure’ just as long as it’s not at the Border illustrates exactly why the British Govt can not be trusted - legal certainty is an imperative in #Brexit 
20. If you’ve read this far (diolch), you may be interested my more formal writing on this.Academic research on UK space strategy and Brexit with @BritJPIR : @LSEpoliticsblog piece on UK space policy after Brexit:  
A referendum can only pass if all the people of Ireland take part.Men, it's time to talk to each other, to inform each other, to encourage each other to support women - not by getting out of the way but by being engaged in democracy.#men4yes #together4yes #repealthe8th 
Whatever side of the Brexit debate you’re on, you have a right to be angry about this. Two years on from the referendum, less than a year before Brexit happens, Govt options on new trade arrangements consist of a choice between the un-negotiable, the non-existent & the impossible  
I voted to leave because we the people do not get a say in the pace or extent of EU integration. Continually Westminster ignores the public and does as it pleases. The attempt to derail #Brexit is yet another example. An attempt to undo the only meaningful vote for a generation. 
Iain Duncan Smith: "I think the British people knew exactly what they were voting for. All the Remain groups said Brexit meant leaving the single market and customs union." Watch again ▼@JuliaHB1 |  
#Brexit What’s going on with Brexit. Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, & House of Lords trying to derail leaving EU. Now we’ve got Tories fighting each other as well about Brexit. 17 million voted Leave.  Hopeless Politicians All stop fighting each other get on with Brexit. FFS   
Of course, we all knew at the time that Donald Trump had written his own health report - but hoped we were wrong and that he wasn't such an obviously brazen liar. He is, and continues to pump them out. Anyone trust this man with a post-Brexit trade deal? #Covfefe 
We have been given a House of Commons debate to request a referendum to abolish the House of Lords. I want to see MPs standing up to sponsor a Bill to allow a referendum. Without a meaningful debate with a binding end vote, Parliament will lose all credibility. 
The repeated attempts to threaten the PM into submission by hard Brexiteers will not change the #BrexitReality of the Commons arithmetic.  There is no majority for hard Brexit in either Lords or the democratically elected Commons 
#ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting tomorrow: send your message to Tories and their supporters Labour that we do not want Brexit. Vote for pro-EU parties: Greens, LibDems. TOMORROW THURSDAY 3 MAY VOTE TACTICALLY AGAINST BREXIT #ABTV 
They should really hold today’s so called Brexit War Cabinet at the Channel Tunnel, befor anyone starts waxing on about frictionless trade. In the space where millions of Border checks might be required next March, there might just be enough space for 11 Cabinet ministers... 
So Sky talking about Brexit interview a Tory remainerAnd a Labour bleeding heart.No representation from the Leaver campaign.The stitch up continues. 
Voting Lib Dem tomorrow won’t make a jot of difference to Brexit, vote with your conscience if you have one 
Sick to death of our UK being led to it's possible end, by a few right wing, idiotic, Brexit extremists & Labour ‘sitting back’ & letting it all happen...This lot (Brexit Tories & Corbyn's Labour) will be remembered unfavourably by history. 
Wrong. The biggest threat to Labour is its support for the Tories on Brexit. “The biggest election threat facing Labour is complacency | Owen Jones - the guardian  
Unlike Brexit which has been wonderfully unifying  
The customs union is not some nice, inoffensive part of the Brussels bureaucracy. It is the worst part. It prevents nations from making that most basic of sovereign decisions: how to trade. If we stay in a customs union we will betray Brexit and democracy.Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
So Jacob Rees Mogg & 60 of his ERG cronies are having a hissy fit because they may not get their own way over #Brexit. First, they couldn't give a toss about the national interest, only their own, & second, local elections are tomorrow. Talk about destabilising the govt #r4today 
The UK govt thinks if all other matters pertaining to Brexit have been resolved save for the border issue then the Irish govt will cave in to pressure from other member states and agree to drop this demand. This will not happen – here I explain why.  
‘We want to be in a customs union to sign trade deals as part of the bloc’ says Labour. This is an argument for Remain, not a type of Brexit. They are taking us for mugs. #r4today 
Shadow Brexit Secretary: ‘This is the first Govt in history that is seeking to shrink the economy.’A pity Labour backs Brexit. To the hilt. 
#Breaking: this morning’s @BBCr4today reveals that Brexit is a shambles 
Let's be like Norway, they said.Let's be like Switzerland."Absolutely no one is talking about threatening our place in the Single Market," they said.So give us the Brexit you promised, or admit you got it wrong. via @YouTube 
A nation's ability to trade and engage with global markets as it sees fit is what independence means. Brexit is the key to unleashing Britain's full potential, no longer held back by Brussels, out of the customs union and into the world! 
I love this article. Anna Soubry says that the @Conservatives are in hock to 35 Hard #Brexiteers ... from her lofty position as leader of 11 tory rebels #Brexit #HardBrexit #WalkAwayToday 
As a culture, we place so much emphasis on the importance of thinking for yourself & your right to your own opinions; too little on informing yourself & your duty to assess facts. Hence Kanye. Hence Trump. Hence Brexit. Hence millions of proud doinks on the internet. 
Tory MPs and Minister all over the airwaves this morning showing how divided they are on the future of our country and the Customs Union - more than 12 months after triggering Art 50 and less than 12 mths before  #Brexit. Their self-indulgence is wrecking our country #FBPE 
Dear PoliticiansYou are ignoring the will of the people re Brexit.If the people take to the streets in non violent civil disobedience how much is that going to cost you?Bear in mind you have cut the numbers of police so it will all be overtime. 
60 Tory MPs, led by Rees-Mogg, threaten to collapse the government if their interpretation of Brexit not adopted. This is nonsense - would trigger election, another hung parliament, quite possibly second referendum - which is why they’re bluffing. If I were PM, I’d face them down 
I’m didn’t suggest a check on the electorate - look, I’m a lawyer if I think a jury has reached a verdict because of lies and a miss application of the process I’ll appeal it using every avenue available to me... for me the Brexit vote is exactly the same. 
Ask @Jacob_Rees_Mogg(a financier who dabbles in hard-right politics) how much he would gain from a hard Brexit. We Need to Talk About Those Who Would Gain from a Hard Brexit  
Govt #brexit dilemmas for today’s meeting:- how to leave #CustomsUnion and not create barriers to our main export market?- how to leave but keep EU trade deals with countries across the world? - how make the #NorthernIreland border a customs border & not have customs controls? 
At no stage in this light-free 40 mins of #r4today 'discussion' on customs and Brexit has a) anyone shown any idea about how trade works; b) asked even most basic question about Rees-Mogg et al magical 'technology' solution to Ireland. A solution that there's been NO research on 
Labour and Tories on the yellow brick road to Brexit.No heart. No brain. No courage. Vote Remain Party on 3 May. #ABTVtoStopBrexit Ward by ward list for London & Manchester  
GLOBAL: Brexit is a chance to expand UK's role in the world, says Defence Sec Gavin Williamson."It is important that we see our Brexit choice, not as a problem, but an opportunity. Now is not the time to go into retreat." 
Brexit had the numbers at the referendum, but don't worry about that in your "safe" seat. You are guiding this country towards dictatorship without blinking. 
Brexit by blackmail was never going to work.May can no longer threaten the country+ Parliament with ‘no deal’.UK must assess Brexit deal against the EU membership we already have.There’s still a choice. We have two options. One is staying+leading in the EU. #peoplesvote 
It’s about time @UKLabour unequivocally opposed #Brexit which will enrich the elite and harm ordinary working people in the UK. #StopBrexit @Labour4EU 
Democracy House of Lords style:Vote Remain in the Referendum and remain in the EU.Vote Leave in the Referendum and remain in the EU. 
Exactly. Brexit is a mess. It’s unworkable. And in their heart hearts, Brexiters know that. So instead of admitting that it’s mess, they blame others. They created the mess and they should take full responsibility for cleaning it up.  
Just read this in the Daily Telegraph: ‘It is hard to recall a more downbeat time in the national demeanour. Brexit has been turned into an enervating, morale-sapping exercise in making the best of a bad job’ Correct! 
I'm with @Ferretgrove. Why vote for a party ignoring the views of the majority of its members and MPs? I only have one vote and its not going to any party that supports Brexit. #ABTV18 #peoplesvote #StopBrexit 
Remaining in customs union is Brexit in name only, writes @JLongworthLML 
It’s Wednesday.And tomorrow is a big day in the fight against the madness that is #Brexit.Vote for a solid anti-Brexit candidate and send a clear message:  
Also astonishing that 13 months after having started the Brexit process, on one of the central issues it gives rise to, the argument of the day is about which of two impossible approaches should be adopted.  
It would be really nice if the #Brexit debate could be a question of our country's future, not a question of the internal rows in the Tory party.  
Lot of people saying to me how can you oppose the will of the people - but if you think a friend did something out of fear aren’t you bound to point out that there’s nothing to be scared of. Brexit was based on fear and policy based creates a weak and regressive country. 
VOTING LABOUR OR TORY tomorrow is like filling up your car with fuel before driving it off the Brexit cliff. Short-term-fix thinking to support your 'favourite' local council will ultimately bankrupt your own council, services, NHS , career and life and put YOUR family at risk 
Defies rational belief that we are 6 weeks away from the 2nd anniversary of the Brexit vote and the UK government still don't know whether it's half past three or Wednesday. Omnishambles isn't the half of it! 
If Tory Leavers think replacing Theresa May with one of their own will magically produce a Commons majority for their vision of Brexit they are kidding themselves. 
If someone tells you that Brexit is "the will of the people", show them this clip from @mrjamesob.  
Reports Brexiters in UK cabinet have forced Theresa May to adopt as her only ‘policy’ on Irish border that it can be solved w/technology. There’s no way Irish gov (or EU) can sign off on this. No deal #Brexit just got a lot more likely 
It doesn’t seem to matter how many times we correct the false analogies between the proposed Irish legislation and the 1967 Act. @IrishTimesOpEd won’t perform even a basic editiorial fact check.  A dereliction of duty during a crucial referendum.  
The Lords are likely to carry requirement that Brexit fully respects Good Friday Agreement by large majority today. Essential since Rees-Mogg, Hannan & other prominent Brexiters said Belfast Agreement is subordinate to Brexit. Well, it isn’t. Peace is at stake 
Me neither. I will not support any party that supports Brexit, I will not waste my vote on Corbyn or May on 3rd May.  
Labour and Brexit. Before you go mad, this is about the electoral, not the substantive, issues. But beware the easy assumption that shifting on Brexit will necessarily help Labour.   
Lords likely to carry requirement that Brexit fully respects Good Friday Agreement by large majority today. Essential since Rees-Mogg, Hannan & other prominent Brexiters said Belfast Agreement is subordinate to Brexit. Well, it isn’t. Peace is at stake 
Just as a mob of hard-Brexit MPs,  which John Major would have called BASTARDS,  bully Theresa May to accept their nonsense or else, we get more evidence of Russian influence in the referendum These people are nothing but soiled and tarnished 
READ | The man behind the ultimatum: Jacob Rees-Mogg of course.If the Tories somehow manage to undo the mess they've made of withdrawal, it will be all thanks to the Brexit hero.   
May should walk away from the now pointless negotiations thanks to the pillocks in the Lords. Time to punish them for their meddling in the referendum. Millions are behind her probably millions more than voted to leave, people fed up with the process. 
Translation: Hand-wringing, bed-wetting, sanctimonious leftie ponce #Jamesobrien dismisses the will of the people, the largest UK vote in history, and the word of Parliament, because the plebs had the temerity to vote the wrong way. #Brexit  
However, please don't waste your vote on @UKLabour if you don't want Brexit, Corbyn wants Brexit. Please don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May.  
The Brexit-at-any-cost ERG cult are seeing their ideological fantasy shrivel & die when confronted by reality.  Their final frantic ploy is to try to bully UK into irrelevance & poverty. No, No, No.  
Brexit gets softer? Theresa May expected to back EU ‘customs partnership’  via @financialtimes 
Your Country Needs You, Not Your Tribal Loyalty! The country needs you to vote wisely. Think! You don't want Brexit, but your loyalty vote for Corbyn or May WILL get you Brexit. Please, do not waste your vote on Tory or Labour 3rd May.  
Ultimately it should not be some hard right Tory elite dictating how Brexit happens - we should let the people be the judge of the final Brexit deal in a #PeoplesVote. /5 
The Government’s favoured ‘customs partnership’ model now seems to have no friends on any side of the Brexit debate /2 
Can anyone remember the electorate being told about Galileo during the referendum campaign? ‘Annoyed’ Hammond seeks to sabotage Galileo satellite project  via @financialtimes 
No Brexit is better than any Brexit. It resolves all the problems Brexit created in the first place! #PeoplesVote 
This man made billions in Russia and his company, Legatum is backing a hard Brexit because what Legatum will do is to arrive after Brexit, when asset prices have tanked, and buy up Britain on the cheap. Pals with lots of Tory Brexit MPs.  
Theresa May's Brexit war cabinet is about to address an explosive question that could blow up her government  
The Dept of Transport anticipates 150 miles of daily tailbacks in Kent after Brexit, as lorries queue to get through slower passport controls.Where are the road widening schemes? The lay-bys? The traffic management investment? 
If they are allowed to fuck us over on #Brexit it will be a game changer for me. I have always towed the line and played by the rules but if this goes wrong I will teach my children democracy is a lie. 
UK has a 19,000 mile coastline, and over 40 commercial airports.To keep out migrants – a key promise of Brexit – we need thousands of border security staff. We are training none. Why not? 
Lords Select Committee “Where, would you say, is the most annoying Brexit-related Twitter account? The one that helps people realize that, when it comes to Ireland, you are so clueless that you are prepared to be utterly irresponsible and ...”  
We should remind ourselves that Britain is being trashed because of a handful of Tory eurosceptic MPs. These hardline Brexiteers May appeases at every turn -meanwhile the Brexit farce spirals out of control and the world looks on in complete incredulity. 
It's pretty amazing to think about just how off Metro Council was on the transit vote compared to how their constituents voted. In my survey of CMs, 21 told me they voted for the referendum, just 11 said they voted against it. Make of that what you will.  
News Daily: May's Brexit ultimatum and Trump 'dictated' doctor's letter  
The time has come for Theresa May to be true to her 'Brexit means Brexit' line; up to now, 'Brexit means Betrayal' would be a more accurate description of her position. The British people did not vote for Brexit in name only. 
#Brexit boosted #Orbán’s ability to disrupt the #EU - and what is his likely strategy now. My commnetary for @guardian @dgapev @D_Schwarzer @PoliticoRyan @panyiszabolcs @eszterz @CarolineGruyter 
You can keep on delaying things but one day you will realise that Brexit ain't gonna happen!! #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
Good morning! Please join me for my @talkRADIO #NoNonsense breakfast show from 6.30am-10am when my topics will include the Brexit cabinet showdown, bullying Bercow, online grooming, local elections, young drivers  - and I might possibly mention that it’s my birthday...  
Atwoli remains one of the power brokers in this country, his suggestion to amend to the constitution to extend Uhuru's term & accommodate Raila with a PM post is not a roadside talk. You can bet this is a shared opinion within that circle. We will have a referendum. 
Sixty eurosceptic Tory MPs  have reportedly warned that the government could collapse if plans for a post-Brexit customs partnership with the EU aren't abandoned. @RichardGaisford reports from Westminster. 
That is disgusting. I'm done with Labour. I had thought about supporting them again if they reversed their policy on Brexit, but enough is enough. David Lammy is the best constituency MP in the House.  
Labour caught sending letters from a Romanian called 'Monica' who claims that the local election results can influence Brexit  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  137,325 Signatures overnight. We are still signing the petition to abolish the House of Lords. Sign now & RETWEET. 
Brexit-backing think tank founder accused of working for Russia  
'Brexit was meant to be a moment of renewal, but it's been turned into a morale-sapping mess,' writes @PhilJTelegraph 
Maine's GOP Governor is refusing to obey the law.Maine citizens tried to get Medicaid Expansion implemented through the Maine legislature. Gov LePage vetoed the bill.They held a referendum, forcing the issue.He's STILL refusing.Are *all* GOP officials lawless??  
Nelson Chamisa wants to kick OUT Chinese if elected President.The West & specifically the United States are not going to dish out cash. Trumps policy is America  First. Europe is tackling Brexit.Chinese have invested heavily in African infrastructure.Why alienate them? 
In the end, 123,963 Nashvillians voted in the transit referendum, only 1,000 fewer than the NFL Yes campaign in 1996. I can't underscore this enough: The pro-side did not originally foresee this many people voting. I don't think the anti-side did either. 
The petition for a referendum on the "abolition of the @UKHouseofLords" will be debated on the 18th June 2018. That gives us more time to get more signatures to the Petition & to send @theresa_may a even louder message;  
Nashville, here's how you voted for the Transit Referendum.  
Here they are. The final numbers from tonight's Transit Referendum vote. A big win for those against the Transit Plan.  
While I am disappointed with the results of the transit referendum, I’m appreciative of the spirited debate & encouraged by the high voter turnout. Not to be overlooked, there were some really fine people elected across the city tonight. Nashville is a great city! Back to work... 
In the UK, they found out the Russians hacked the Brexit vote and they are considering a re-vote. In America, our media endlessly flogs the candidate who “lost” due to Russian meddling in our election for discussing it. When is our media going to get better? Seriously. 
Our people must understand how international politics works, no one should expect Donald Trump to start talking publicly about the #Biafra Referendum or the restoration of Biafra. Read more   
Wow. Transit folks say it will likely take 6-8 years to get another plan and referendum vote together. No matter how you voted today, that's a scary thought for a city where traffic is only getting worse. 
Dear PM May,Do u think this newly acquired "a potato stuck up u know where" posture wld help Tories negotiate the #Brexit deal better or prhaps put a nice gloss over ur govt's abject failure?A word of advice...potatoes tend 2 rot (& stink, like urself) after a while too.#UK 
This is why Brexit Ultras are so outraged by the HoLs’ amendments.They want no deal. They embrace it. They yearn for it. The lives that’d be ruined by it are just collateral damage.  
A General Election this year is looking increasingly likely. I just hope the Brexiteers make their move before then and oust May. With her at the helm it's a feeble #Brexit at best, and a Labour Government at worst. #EUWithdrawalBill #JacobReesMogg 
So The Telegraph finds the checks and balances of a functioning democracy "undemocratic". These people are fascists, pure and simple. Vote #ABTV to stop Brexit. Before it's too late !!!#FBPE 
our national crisis is now the president himself &, thru association Republicans in Congress. The midterm elections will be a referendum on their abdication of checks, balances, honesty & basic decency.  
Do you want both main parties to change their position on Brexit?Is voting for them likely to send them the message that they need to change position?Or would it be seen as an endorsement of their current positions?Vote anti-Brexit on Thursday#ABTV 
It's time to boot the House of Lords into the dustbin of history. If you are not for the ppl you are against the ppl. They are supporting another unelected body, the EU. It's time to remove them by any means necessary. #Brexit 
Brexit will fall on its own sword.  
Please know this; tomorrow is NOT a second EU referendum.  It's the local elections.  It's about services,  libraries and amenities. If we all pull together we can unseat the tories. Please #votelabour.  Thank you xx 
What kind of failed institution has 2 blackmail people not 2 criticise them - however what kind of country jails people 4 criticising ideology! #HoL #BREXIT #EU #UK #CommieCultureAnti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions/yr and can't criticise Brussels  
Liam Fox says parliament could gain power to ‘delay Brexit indefinitely’.Well done to all the Lords and MPs who have backed amendments to the Brexit Bill.Keep up the #FBPE campaign for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU - it’s working. 
Tomorrow is not just another day. Tomorrow is 3rd of May. The day when you can cast your vote. If you don't want Brexit then don't waste your vote on Tory or Labour, Corbyn and May both want Brexit. It IS more than just about bins and potholes, it IS about Brexit. 
This. From George. Thank you for posting. It’s simple. #ABTV #FBPE. But more than that. Let’s support each other. Brexit does not have to happpen. We can all stop it. Keep posting. Keep united x  
Let it fall!#HMGovernment-#NotFitForPurpose#CustomsUnion#Brexit  
And yet both the pro Brexit conservatives and labour parties still expect remainers to keep voting for them out of loyalty. Well I won’t be, I’m a Conservative but I’ve stopped voting Tory since the referendum and will vote Lib Dem in protest at Brexit on Thursday! #FBPE #Remain 
May's government, which has no mandate, lost three key votes on Brexit in the Lords and is DESPERATE to erode democracy and sovereignty to push a deluded & dangerous deal through without scrutiny. In 'other' news, genuinely neutral speaker John Bercow is being forced out  
Can't believe I'm arguing with apparently intelligent people who seem to genuinely believe that in a no-deal Brexit scenario the UK would run out of food! This whole Brexit discussion has rendered some people quite potty.  
We need to stop this now. The entire country is being held to ransom by a small group of ultra right-wing #Brexit zealots. 
There's just two days until the local elections & it is you who can make the difference in an election near you.Help us send an unmistakable message to this Tory Government & Corbyn & @UKLabour this Thursday. If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May.  
Outside parliament @SODEMAction thanks to the advisory referendum, support for the EU in the UK is rising. #FBPE 
Tories say we have to judge them on their record in government.... Aye ok then here we goHomeless EpidemicFoodbank use up by 700% UC FarceBrexitChild Poverty34,000+ OAPs deathsNHS CrisisWindrushGrenfell201,000+ Welfare/DWP DeathsCrime Through The Roof In EnglandETC...  
"The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People, The Will of the People""Can they have an informed EU referendum?""No" 
Smart border. Dumb Brexit 
Thursday is a referendum on the May Regime - Every Labour Vote  strengthens Jeremy Corbyn even in the bluest of Shire counties - there  is no other way of protesting this evil and sick Regime.  Vote Labour Say 'NO'!  
‘The Protectors of Brexit’ - an MP caught on camera agreeing with a racist, another under investigation for not declaring free luxury holidays in a country with an appalling human rights record & the ex-FM of NI currently giving evidence about her role in the RHI scandal !  
The Establishment are perilously close to over-turning the will of the people. Our contract with this government is about to hit the shredder. #Brexit 
These 60 MPs are the reason Brexit is so dangerous. They will stop at nothing for their “vision” of a low-tax, low-skilled, barely-regulated bargain basement economy.Their gameplay: get to March 2019, ditch PM, unravel Withdrawal Agreement.Do they speak for you?  
EU on the verge of collapse, financially!They need Brexit to fail to prop up their utopia! Do you tax payers in the U.K. want to continue to pay the salaries of these unelected beaurcrats? 
"The Lords has very little public support.It has No mandate, it has No legitimacy.It's there effectively on sufferance!If they don’t abide by constitutional norms &don’t accept manifesto commitments: what purpose is House of Lords serving?”#Brexit #EU 
Liam Fox warns Lords there will be a ‘big debate’ on their powers if they continue to thwart May’s Brexit agenda  
An Irishman, Englishman, Scotsman, Welshman & a Gibraltarian went into a job interview. Employer asks which of you can travel freely to work throughout EU? The Irishman got the job #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier 
May warned by 60 Tory MPs that EU "customs partnership" will sink her:  #Brexit 
If you don't want #Brexit, don't vote for a party that's pushing it - not in a General Election, not in a Local Election and not in any form of by-election.Your vote is the most powerful weapon you have to #StopBrexit. Use it wisely on May 3rd in the #LocalElections. #ABTV 
Malcolm Turnbull set to receive recommendation to change Constitution (through referendum) to allow dual citizenship politicians. So many caught out..now they want to change the rules. My response..'HELL NO'. Not until Hell freezes over 
We’re ready for the election whenever you are, @theresa_may! #ToriesOUT #VoteLabour Government at risk of 'collapse' as May warned by 60 Tory MPs Brexit customs partnership will sink her' | via @telegraph 
You @The3Million are bargaining chips in negotiations to protect @BritishInEurope, they said.It’s necessary, they said. The EU will not treat @BritishInEurope well if we don’t use @The3Million, they said. They.Lied. 5+ million futures burned at the Brexit stake by UK govt.  
Turns out @DavidDavisMP “ain’t even bovvered” to meet @BritishInEurope so he doesn’t understand what Brexit means for them.A thread on how little people’s rights & individual lives mean to a govt ideologically committed to Brexit at all costs.Or #DIYPolitics 
Brexit is profoundly un-British. It's not about fair play, it's about foul play. It's not a great British compromise but a great big confidence trick to cheat millions of people out of their rights, privileges and standard of living. That's why we oppose and will #StopBrexit 
Government at risk of 'collapse' as May warned by 60 Tory MPs Brexit customs partnership will sink her  
My chest is hot I haven't felt this shaken since Brexit.  
Retweeting this thread for #InternationalWorkersDay.Any Brexit is a #NoJobsBrexit, particularly for the poorest people and parts of the UK. 
We have a PM that almost started WW3 on a hunch, destroyed Free Speech, brought us Mass Immigration, oversaw and covered up Rape gangs, is selling us out on Brexit and now has appointed a Home Secretary that voted for the Surveillance of your every move. What’s not to like? 
EU law is not “imposed"On the UK; as a member stateWith a veto, GBWith the other member statesAmends & consents toThus “makes"EU lawDemocratically#StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #MeaningfulVote #UKPolitics #brexit #bremain #leave #remain #Democracy 
For fucks sake Britain.  The Tory wet dream for as long as I was a member was the privatisation of NHS.  I never thought they would manage it.  But #Brexit will do it.  Is this really what you fucking want ? 
UK ministers attack Britain's upper house over Brexit vote  
Wow! I’ve been waiting for the Government to embrace this attitude since June 23rd 2016! Brexit cannot be seen by those implementing it as damage control, but an opportunity to get out and into the world!  
Brexiteers won the EU referendum & remainers lost.We don’t have to compromise with remainers & we don’t have to implement their demands.We should get a full Brexit & if remainers don’t like it tough! When the Tories win an election do they implement the losing Labour manifesto?  
This is consistent with Brexit thinking as the benefits of leaving the EU exist only in the imagination.  
Ian on David Davis, back in front of EU Lords Cttee .I can never get the blithe disregard with which this govt treats Brexit. Act now, realise later.They don’t seem to have realised a whole lot of lot “until recently”. But, sure, this is what everyone voted for in June 2016.  
Wednesday’s Daily TELEGRAPH: “May warned Brexit deal will sink her” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
By defying Brexit, the Lords shows what a travesty British democracy has become:  
Dangerous & against national interest - all in pursuit of a ludicrous immigration target. RT @ChukaUmunna At a time when the NHS is losing a record number of doctors and nurses from the European Economic Area due to the Brexit vote, this is scandalous.  … 
One thing for sure had Remain won by 52% &UKIP got its much coveted peerages (they love being MEPs God knows how they'd love being Lords) I'm sure theyd have spent all their time as peers lambasting the EU and plotting to reverse the Referendum result by calling for another one.  
"The total number of officers has now dropped by 86 from the 17,256 recorded at the end of last year, the Scottish Government statistics revealed"  .......  86!!!!!!   Just wait until Brexit strikes ... 86 may be all we can afford..  
Risible Rhetoric verging on burlesque and when analysed properly part of the Brexit tragicomedy as senior UK Ministers all try and outdo each other about the amazing magical wonders of Brexit Britain. Do they really believe the hyperbole I ask myself. The truth will prove prosaic  
Brexit could make children healthier: Jamie Oliver says leaving the EU will allow clearer labelling on unhealthy food as he calls for a milkshake tax to tackle the obesity epidemic  via @MailOnline 
'Brexit has been DECIDED!' London voters destroy Cable's DESPERATE bid to reverse Brexit  
Oh Good Dog! Spend a squillion on a referendum coz some pollies can't be bothered filling out their job application properly? Utterly ridiculous a report was even tasked to look at this.Meanwhile, Uluru Statement from the Heart...Oh wait...  
Fantastic night on the doors in Omagh today for @McCrossanMLA Watch SDLP Leader @columeastwood and Deputy Leader @NicholaMallon on why this election is crucial to secure a voice in Westminster to protect all of us from Brexit. Vote #McCrossan4MP Thursday 3rd May 
I'm wondering if the #FBPE lot are really trying to get us to support Brexit, kind of like twitter double agents, because almost all those I've come across are so nasty and arrogant it makes me associate remaining in the EU with nasty, hostile people. 
By defying Brexit, the Lords shows what a travesty British democracy has become 
I remember this man electrifying a big London demo against Brexit about a year ago. He is a force of nature & (sadly) it took Brexit & Windrush to bring him centre stage  
"It is not acceptable for an unelected house to try to block the democratic will of the British people” Rees-Mogg makes BRILLIANT point about 'unconstitutional' Lords Brexit vote  
Brexit-backing think tank founder is accused of working for Russia  
Meanwhile, in the real world, things are a little bit more complicated than they are in whatever self-help-masquerading-as-serious-psychology-book you've been reading, Gav.Brexiters sound more like TV-evangelist-conmen every day. Vote #ABTV & kick Brexit parties in the ballots.  
An explanation:The House of Lords did not vote to cancel Brexit. The House of Lords voted to let MPs decide on the implementation of Brexit.A key part of the Brexit campaign was about the sovereignty of the British parliament. That's exactly what's happened. No more. 
Politicians using the referendum to get their name out.  
Yes. But over Russian propaganda targeting  - and throwing - our referendum, not over campaign finance nonsense. As I reported last year. #Brexit 
Brexit is a "catastrophe," according to billionaire investor Naguib Sawiris  
Labour isn't working to #StopBrexit. VOTE on May 3 for any party that opposes brexit. Not Labour. Not Tories. #ABTV #proEu 
Two years after the referendum, Theresa May expected to come down in favour of a scheme that has zero chance of being acceptable to the EU because it's mad.They do realise it has zero chance of being accepted by the EU, don't they?  
I’ve never read such nonsense in my entire life. Among the countries British citizens can visit visa-free include Belarus, El Salvador, Haiti, Kazakhstan, Paraguay, Senegal, Swaziland & Tuvalu. The very suggestion of UK-EU visas post-#Brexit is absurd.  
Padre Pio's Guide To Spotting Fake Referendum Pages  
What a pleasure to host @ScotIrishARC @All4Choice @engender and Dr Audrey Brown in @scotparl to discuss the forthcoming Irish referendum on Repeal the 8th #TogetherForYes 
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels  
In order to vote in the upcoming referendum, you must be registered to vote. The deadline to register is the 8th of May. Visit  today. #8thRef 
Brexit comparison to Nazi Germany by Lord Roberts 'disgusting' Lord Roberts stood as a candidate for the parliamentary seat of Conwy five times.He lost every time.So he was made an un-elected Lord.Isn't democracy wonderful? 
Almost two years after referendum, Government still negotiating with itself on how exactly to kick the can...  
Brexit process is "much, much tougher" than people thought, Tony Blair says  
It’s rather ironic that many of the more zealous Brexit cheerleaders rebelled in 2012 to stop the coalition government from reforming the House of Lords. That’s the problem with monomaniacs: they only care about “democracy” when it suits their pet project.  
Thrilling conversation as always with my man @Nigel_Farage Brexit Bad Boy and Free Speech Champion So just HOW did I sneak pass immigration into #UK?  Sound ON to find out! #joyvillainlondon #london @realDonaldTrump @UKIP #TeamTrump 
'It is important that we see our Brexit choice, not as a problem, but as an opportunity to expand our role in the world. Now is not the time to go into retreat.' - @GavinWilliamson 
Unless you decide wrong. In which case a bunch of unelected geriatrics will screw you over #Brexit  
Fourth piece of news. @thomasbrake MP and @LibDems Brexit spokesman has successfully applied to intervene in the litigation. Extracts from his affidavit here. /4  
“In a post Brexit world, our only limit will be our imagination” says @GavinWilliamson. Hmmm 
How can we trust this government to deliver the Brexit we voted for when they persist with Remoaners pulling the strings, bending to Brussels’ will at every turn?  
.@GavinWilliamson raises prospect of military action without allies by post-Brexit UK. “Sometimes it is right to act alone” 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now over 134,233 and rising. Be a part of History and by signing you can tell your Children that you helped to abolish the Unelected Lords who turned on the voters of UK. 
candids of me before and after this referendum  
Apparently Brexit is “urging us only to look forward and never back”, says @GavinWilliamson. Not sure that is necessarily a good thing 
Tonight at 10 on BBC2: Cunk covers Britain from The Beatles to Brexit in the final CUNK ON BRITAIN.  
Rees-Mogg makes BRILLIANT point about 'unconstitutional' Lords Brexit vote  
The desperate effort to play semantics! Just Stop Brexit and be done with it. - "BBC News - Philip Hammond favours EU 'customs partnership'  
Welcome! Tonight @FinalSayForAll is hosting a discussion thread on the effects of Brexit on workers from all walks of life, because #BrexitIsPersonal and on this #InternationalWorkersDay it's important to reflect on this impact #NoJobsBrexit #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #WATON 
The tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press has been relentlessly peddling some of the key elements of fascism - shameless lying, rabid nationalism, xenophobia, scapegoating of minorities, anti-intellectualism & the "Will of the People". Its whole approach is an attack on democracy 
Please forward a message to your MP ref Lords Abolition.Please support my demand for a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords. This unelected chamber is no longer fit for purpose and radical action must be taken now. Please confirm that you will support it.  
House of Lords plays havoc with Brexit bill  
Reminder for Thursday: despite the overwhelming majority of Labour's *membership* being remain, Labour is a pro-#Brexit party and votes with the government in support of #Brexit.Don't accidentally vote for a pro-#Brexit party on Thursday. Just don't. 
Living proof that you can be born with a silver spoon up your a*** and have a rich daddy buying you into Eton...and yet still be an idiot.Democracy? Nothing democratic about promising a Brexit fantasy and then delivering a Brexit fiasco. #peoplesvote 
Lord Dodds - "There are those in this House who have vowed to do what they possibly can to destroy #Brexit and that, my Lords, is not a matter of principle, but a matter of abuse of privilege."  
You apparently know nothing of the Bennite left's anti-EU/EEC stance for the last 40 years. Nor of Corbyn's own votes in favour of a Brexit referendum 4 years before Cameron called one.  
"We are not going to stay in the customs union. We’re leaving the EU. Secondly, a customs union would be what Turkey has. "It would still be a customs union, it would leave us accepting the rules made by Brussels without having any say in how they’re made." #Brexit  
Winning argument with cabbie: Do you have any thoughts on how well Liam Fox, Davies at al are delivering on Brexit? “They’re bloody incompetent....” - Then why, given that, so you think Brexit is going to work out ok? “Oh, when you put it like that...” 
Brexit: Expectation vs Reality  
Meet David. David is the UK's Brexit negotiator.David thinks that freedom of movement is not so important for UK citizens. He thinks it only affects some retirees in Spain who are worried that they may not be able to pop over to France any more to go shopping.#Brexit #FBPE 
Appreciation tweet for the rubberbandits cos they’re the only ones using their platforms for the referendum, so ashamed in all the Irish beauty bloggers who’d rather stay quiet than speak up for women 
Chuka like all Remoaners likes to give the false impression that massive numbers of EU workers prop up the NHS.  In fact only 5.6% of NHS staff are EU nationals & according to a detailed Parliamentary report the numbers have “changed little” since the referendum.  
Should Theresa May hold a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
The Remoaners have spent the past few years calling Brexit voters morons and yet revel in this decision by the House of Lords. They are the ones too stupid to see the danger of this path. Dictatorships are only okay when they do what you want. 
Be under absolutely no illusion - a vote on Thursday for either the Conservatives or Labour will be taken as an endorsement of #Brexit. If you are Pro-EU, it is crucial that you vote #ABTV. Extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures. 
1st EU ref: Millions of Votes obtained for the Norway model which was never available = Not Democracy 2nd EU Ref: An Informed referendum with everyone knowing exactly what they are voting for = Democracy 
Billionaire Trump donor Peter Thiel has said that democracy is incompatible with libertarian capitalism. If this view is general among the #Brexit elite, then the lies, chicanery and attacks on the key elements of democratic government all fall into a single pattern.#StopBrexit 
Helpfully, the author here distills the great Brexit delusion to it essence.  
OMG, #Brexit just get's worse and worse for Scotland & the rUK Now VAT will be applied by EU Law and the Gov haven't a clue what to do about this.Time for Scotland to get out of this nonsense. #Independence 
Nick Ferrari - "The people have already decided. And they’ve decided they’d like to leave. This was a once in a lifetime decision to influence how Britain stands within the EU. Or indeed gets out of the EU." #Brexit  
#foodsecurity - UK's current model is profoundly economically and sociologically unsustainable (plus environmentally). Then add the possibility of #Brexit  
LORDS A-LEECHING List of pro-EU peers who voted to force soft Brexit on UK includes multiple Lords investigated over expenses and several with vast EU pensions #PeersagainstthePeople 
"The political response to Brexit and Trump has been incredibly narrow. Mainstream politics has not listened long enough or hard enough to the #newworkingclass " 
Steve Bell on the Lords and Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
You lot getting more and more worried methinks. Brexit going nowhere. Cops starting to take an interest  
BREXIT BOOM: No-deal divorce 'could net UK £651BN haul' and hit EU with devastating loses  
WATCH: Why don't these Remainer Peers fess up and admit their real agenda? To scupper Brexit! 
How about the impact of the loss of #FOM on workers, @DavidDavisMP? Do you not realize that #Brexit would put the livelihoods of many UK citizens resident in the EU27 at risk? For many of us, the right to work in just one EU27 country simply isn't enough #CitizensRights 
No it wouldn’t. There was nothing democratic about a referendum in which many of those most deeply affected were denied a vote, that was informed by outright lies and hijacked by unfriendly foreign powers. Let alone the spending limits exceeded by Leave. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "I think the vote reflects on the House of Lords more than anything else, that it has a very strong majority for remain. It was essentially a rejection of the referendum result." #Brexit  
In advance of tomorrow's crunch Cabinet sub-committee meeting on Brexit strategy, here's some background reading on why the New Customs Partnership proposal should be shunned, courtesy of Conservative MP @MarcusFysh 
Peers vote tomorrow on stopping border controls in Ireland. They are right to do so. We must not throw Northern Ireland under a bus.Brexiters blithely ignored the Irish border during the referendum two years ago. Now it will bite them on the bum 
The deadline to register to vote is only a week away. 150,000 young people still haven't registered. This referendum is our opportunity to remove the 8th amendment.You can still register to vote by filling out an RFA2 form here:  #Register4Yes 
Stat: 77% of Labour voters want a referendum on the exit terms, while 68% said they would vote to Remain.  
Peers back Parliament to have say on #Brexit deal. This  is too important and potentially damaging to give this weak govt, held to ransom by DUP & Rees Mogg & his fanatics, a free hand #FBPE 
I learned more about chairing than I did about Brexit, that's for fucking sure. 
Just about sums up the modern progressive left:-We love democracy unless the wrong person wins (Trump, Brexit, etc.)-We rail against certain institutions we consider antiquated unless they can be used to bring about the political outcomes we want. The mask slips.  
A lazy analysis. Opposition to Brexit is not sole preserve of nationalism. Unionists, nationalists & others (like myself) who want the best for this place are united in opposition to Brexit. Stop framing this in orange v green- it's inaccurate, polarizing and helps no-one  
Whatever non-physical border they use to try to protect the Good Friday Agreement... Once people start getting round the non-border, for tariff advantages, future governments will be forced to put in physical barriersBrexit is short-sighted & irresponsible.#EUWithdrawalBill 
"We are a divided country, a divided Party and a divided Government." MIchael Heseltine, Radio 5 Live, 1st May 2018. #Brexit #LocalElections2018 #MayMustGo 
It’s been almost 2 years since the EU referendum. But, due to poor leadership, mismanagement and gross negligence, the government have wasted two thirds of the Brexit negotiation period and still they have absolutely no idea what they want from Brexit. It’s an utter shambles.  
Quick reminder #LiamFox:1. The referendum was advisory2. It was not 'The Will of the People', as 48% voted to #Remain3. You have not organised a SINGLE trade deal in your time as Trade Secretary4. Lies are not facts #bbcpm #BrexitReality 
Not many PMs have had worse weeks than Theresa May:Lying over knowledge of Immigration targetsHome Sec resigns because of her policiesMajor Brexit defeats in LordsVetoed NHS doctor's visasClimbdown on refusal to expose tax avoiding9 Council candidates suspended for abuse 
DD admits border posts were first port of attack  during Troubles. He keeps trying to stress how often he's visited. Clearly stung by criticism of him not going at all as Brexit secretary until last month. 
I sent this SMS message to the Drive programme on @bbc5live a little earlier. Democracy is a process and didn't end on 24.06.16.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote #ABTV #LE2018 
SHOULD PARLIAMENT BE DISSOLVED & POWER GIVEN BACK TO THE PEOPLE?It's clear that Labour,the Commons & House of Lords is not going to honour Brexit,or respect our right to democracy!It's also clear that Labour & the Tories have imported terrorism into our country 26,000 officially  
BREAKING: #UK MP claims #Chandler, billionaire founder of #Legatum -thinktank with widespread influence on #Brexit- was object of interest to French intelligence since 2002 on suspicion of working for #Russian intelligence.Background reading (Nov 2017) 
Before the referendum everybody agreed Brexit meant leaving the Customs Union, says @DavidDavisMP 
2019's election is supposed to be referendum on the administration in power, not the administration that left in 2015;Let us focus on that, not on distractions. 
It’s time for Corbyn to step asideThe country needs an Opposition. Instead it’s got an inward looking Labour Party, voting with the Tories, driving through a toxic hard Brexit, mired in racism misogyny & general bigotry, and a leadership oblivious to the needs of the voters 
Good to see #Brexit trending. People getting nervous? We will #StopBrexit one way or another. There never was a mandate. British economy is in shock. Brexit only creates problems, costs billions and ruins the UK's international reputation. Only Tory/UKIP MPs pursue Brexit now! 
Aside from Labour's landslide, May 1st 1997 was also when the toxic seed of a Euro-referendum was first planted by an absentee billionaire. This is from the first chapter of 'Things Can Only Get Worse?'  
Amber Rudd, the former Home Secretary and the incumbent MP for (56%) Leave-voting Hastings & Rye is 'to oppose Brexit from backbenches', reports the Telegraph. That'll go down well with her constituents. Not! 
"Part of my job is to make sure each individual country is aware of its interest in Brexit." Christ. I'm so glad I cant see the meetings between DD and other countries. Be fucking mortified. 
The most powerful analysis of the Brexit shambles you will hear. Please watch this - 18 mins long, but worth every second. Gina Miller '..on Brexit'  via @YouTube 
No, ‘the most incredible result’ was 2017 when an incapable prime minister engaged in the worst Govt policy of my lifetime (Brexit), remained in office & is continuing to trash the country  
The @LibDems are the only party actively campaigning for an #ExitFromBrexit. @UKLabour front bench have been complicit in implementing the Conservatives catastrophic hard #Brexit. If you're anti-Brexit, make your voice heard this Thursday 3rd May by voting for the @LibDems. 
George #SOROS is putting $550,000 into fighting Brexit — what Globalist Mayhem is this man NOT linked to?                   #fo2eu 
The possible takeover of just one of the many #Tory-supporting #Brexit-supporting newspaper groups causes Tory government to intervene to try to stop it ! 
No time for self-congratulation. Blair government - which I was proud to be part of - left too much undone & Brexit is partly our fault. We need bold future agenda, which won’t come from wallowing in the past  
A petition calling for a referendum on the future of the House of Lords rolls on - 128,584 signatures to date.Huge support across England. Remain London out of touch with the nation, again!  
The 19 absolute heroes who stood up and were counted in House of Lords - voting for and winning to ensure that Parliament has a meaningful vote on Brexit. Paved the way for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. Young people salute you. #FFS 
The challenges to Brexit yesterday in the unelected House of Lords were a direct attack on British democracy.  We cannot sit by as an unelected cartel tries to dismantle Brexit bit by bit. 
This is also why, as I said over the weekend, it's important these issues are not viewed through a party political prism. Russian influence in the UK cuts across the political spectrum. This is not about Corbyn or Brexit. It's about UK national security. 
Today, Get Britain Out has written to the Brexit War Cabinet, including the PM, to ensure tomorrow they vote to Leave the Customs Union, just as we did in June 2016. Spread the word!  
It's fun times in Brexit land once again - David Davis in front of Lords EU committee  
Shall I compare thee to a Brexit day? Thou art more loathsome and more intemperate. Rough winds do shake the bungling Gove of May, And Article 50s lease hath all too short a deadline. #BrexitPoems 
Watch and SHARE @Femi_Sorry sit down with @LibDems leader @vincecable and talk about the UK's influence after #Brexit  
The UK has fallen significantly in a ranking of the most innovative European universities, while Germany and Switzerland have risen. Reuters suggests #Brexit could be to blame 
I hope the farming community of North Antrim and beyond will take up the opportunity to discuss the ‘basic income’ payments ‘at a level significantly below current EU subsidies’ that could result from #Brexit when Nigel Farage has #DinnerWithTheDUP 
Dear Liam Fox,  were you a real Democrat & believed in the Will of the Ppl & not about imposing your will on the Ppl, you wouldn't have a problem with a Binding #FinalSay + a #StopBrexitSaveBritain option which would only Confirm if the Will of the Ppl is still #BREXIT or #REMAIN 
Tory MP uses Parliamentary privilege during the Sanctions Bill, to air extraordinary claims about the billionaire founder of an institute that has enjoyed widespread influence in Government, particularly on Brexit:  
5 years to take decision on a tidal lagoon. 2 years to rush Brexit  
I'm only an ordinary town councillor, but I was proud to stand for Labour until Corbyn, and the Brexit Betrayal. I didn't leave the party so much as it left me. So I was delighted when I found @Renew_Britain whose values I seem to share!  
Chandler is the billionaire backer of the hard-Brexit supporting Legatum Institute, the think tank created by his company, Legatum Capital. In 2002, when he became an object of interest, he and his brother were the fourth largest investors in Russia's Gazprom. 
Your daily reminder that the only way to solve the Northern Ireland border issue is for Northern Ireland to remain in both the Single Market and the EU Customs Union. But if Northern Ireland does that, Scotland will want to do the same. Brexit means the break up of the UK#FBPE 
.@RuthDavidsonMSP As one of your constituents Ruth, can I ask why your branch office is supporting the Westminster power grab of Holyrood’s powers post brexit? What happened to the Home Rule promised in the Vow? When’s your next surgery so I can discuss it with you in person? 
Tory MP @IoWBobSeely raises detailed concerns in Commons’ money laundering debate about new Malta citizen & founder of hard Brexit backing Legatum, Christopher Chandler. 
If Brexit goes ahead, this won't bother rich Brexiters. Their plan is to turn the UK into an unregulated tax-haven, so that they won't have to move their money off-shore. They don't like taxes - or public services - that lot. 
Every time a Brexit MP opens their mouth you’re reminded just how emotionally stunted they are. People like Marcus also show you don’t have to be a decent human being to get into office. I guess that’s what you get with fanatical cults though  
I am getting very tired of seeing pro-choice people moaning about the “yes side” as if they are not part of it. If you feel that there is more that could be done to win this referendum, go out and do it. Do not leave it to someone else. #Together4Yes 
Brexit result has been thrown into question by the Cambridge Analytica data scandal - what do you think?  
If Rees-Mogg is entitled to change his stance on the House of Lords in 6 years then surely the nation is allowed to change its mind on Brexit. 
Has the House of Lords stopped Brexit? My explanation of last night's amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill, for @Politics_co_uk - 
It's no longer about Tories, or Labour...May, or Corbyn. It's not about any political parties at all. It's about supporting anybody, or anything, that opposes the national suicide of Brexit. All other problems & issues will just be multiplied by Brexiting. 
No, the Lords amendment is not meant to stop Brexit. But here's what it will do  
The U.S. is concerned with the May 17 referendum in #Burundi aimed at amending its constitution through a non-transparent process. We are especially concerned that these amendments will be interpreted as resetting presidential term limits, weakening democratic institutions. 
Very grateful to @nirwnnews for sharing with me how the EU and #ESF have improved livelihoods in rural Northern Ireland, and their concerns about women’s social and economic rights #Brexit  
Were you born in the UK, Romania or Poland and now live in West Ham?Next week (7-11 May) I will there and I would like to speak to you about your views on #migration and #Brexit.The research interviews will inform my PhD thesis on migration.Pls RT&DM if interested to talk!  
Here is just a flavour of the anti-Brexit retorts that were sent in reply.  
Europhile Lords know the public voted for Brexit, but they don't give a damn.Abolish the House of Lords!Support Westmonster:  
Even worse I voted remain but I would vote Brexit if it happened today, how many brits are in a similar position? Quite a few I should imagine.  
This is extremely serious. Who did this - was it official or unofficial Labour pro-Brexit action during the referendum campaign?  
Liam Fox actually said this.His own credibility stands at zilch, along with fabulous trade deals he promised would be so easy.For liars & blowhards like Fox & Johnson, #Brexit was essentially an opportunity for self-promotion.Having achieved this, they have no clue what to do.  
So Marcus Fysh (MP) yet again, displays unstatesmanlike behaviour.  Remember his comments to Sam Lowe and Allie Rennison on matters of borders and models of Brexit.“Yada Yada Yada Yada”.  I kid you not.Now it is @JMPSimor that is at the undeserved receiving end.  
We will get our Brexit.....and it will be all the sweeter because it has been fought for almost 2 years against those who hate Britain and have money enough to try & bring us down....but they will not win!  
London Irish United For Life are taking part in @March4LifeUK this Saturday May 5th. Join us to stand up for the right to life in the Irish Constitution ahead of the abortion referendum later this month.  
Many of us are very grateful for peers like your father who are solidly proving to be the only check and balance against this insanity of #Brexit 
Unionist MEPs accused of snubbing EU Brexit negotiator  
Lords has an 'effective veto' on Brexit, peer claims, as Liam Fox accuses them of 'thwarting will of the people' 
This would be same government IT schemes that would ‘solve’ irish border and deliver frictionless trade w/EU and a new migration regime post Brexit? This could be much, much worse  
WATCH: Lord Cormack warns that we could leave the EU with no deal at all, which would be the worst of all deals. Demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal today:  
New poll shows voter confidence in a good #Brexit deal at a record low. All the more reason for a #PeoplesVote. 
To all those who have worked so diligently and spent so much time and money to thwart Brexit, just to let you know that you are UTTERLY LOATHED for your treachery by 17.4 million decent, honest British people. Decency & honesty, two things you clearly know little about. 
Whereas @Conservatives are in blissful agreement - notAs a country we are being desperately let down by both parties our corrupt electoral system permits us to be governed by - over Brexit and so much more#FairVotes now, please, and an end to the Tweedledee and Tweedledum 
Something many people dont grasp it is that while some people casting their vote for leave would have been happy with a soft #brexit. I doubt there was a single remain voting voter who really wanted to leave EU.In other words there was already a majority against hard brexit. 
In case you've just come back from intergalactic travel and don't already know, this is why @gerryheed and I campaign for a Yes vote in the referendum on 25 May. Pls RT #CheckTheRegister #Together4yes #Repealthe8th #Generation8th #VoteYes 
Its either the Brexit effect, or Scotland has reached peak Unionism and from  here on out, the population have realised that independence is the best  option. 
UK ministers attack Britain's upper house over Brexit vote  
5/ @JMPSimor may be against Brexit (which @MarcusFysh could choose to argue with separately) but is an expert on public and regulatory law and so @MarcusFysh would do well to consider why his views are being challenged on legal matters. 
Confidence that we'll get a good Brexit deal at record low, on this polling series. All more reason for #PeoplesVote on Brexit deal.  
Brexiter @SteveBakerHW wasn’t so bothered about our democracy when he was suggesting ways to subvert electoral law with as much money as was ‘necessary to win the referendum’.  #stopbrexit #ABTV 
2/ @MarcusFysh has been ranting about the House of Lords because they have been exercising Parliamentary Sovereignty. @MarcusFysh does not like this because that is not the right sort of Parliamentary Sovereignty he had in mind when arguing for Brexit. 
Watch and SHARE @Femi_Sorry sit down with @LibDems leader @vincecable and discuss Windrush and Brexit's effect on the NHS!  
It's May Day! May Mrs May truly get her wayto deliver a Brexit that means Brexit - out of any EU customs union, with full trading sway!That way Brexit day is also a May day. Else she'll quickly be past her heyday?#Brexit#MayDay 
Just heard Liam Fox talking about Brexit and got so cross I wrote a blogpost. On Brexit, Parliament and why "the will of the people" is the most dangerous idea for any democracy.   
The country has changed its mind thanks to Tory incompetent handling of Brexit !!..Parliament will now have the say in the final outcome and NOT rich Tories with a vested interest !!..Remain means remain !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
Perhaps they could put out the fire with champagne Jacob. #HouseofLords #Brexit  
I've changed my mind about the House of Lords since Brexit - apart from hereditary peers. Ironically, we need a check on the electorate, as well as on the Commons, in case they *lose it* as they have done. Thank him. Some of us appreciate what they & judges are doing 
How see the Brexit :"World champion of own goals.”Themes crop up regularly in articles:Amazement at how ill-prepared British politicians were.Ignorant of basic facts on the EU;Unrealistic negotiating positions#WeWereOnlyJoking#PeoplesVote 
What a bunch of traitors...SCRAP the House of Lords NOW!!#brexit  
Let's make this happen, we are the youth vote of this country & we will make our voices heard in this referendum @Together4yes @TheUSI @SpunOut @BeLonG_To @AnTaobhRua @powerian #YouthForYes #TogetherForYes #StudentsForChoice 
"A full-bore position of support for @POTUS was the only real way forward, Surabian argued..."2018 is going to be a referendum on the president. You can either run away from that & split the party in half, or embrace it and use it to energize the party.” 
Don't make the mistake of thinking #Brexit is only an issue for central Govt. If tax revenues dive, local spending will be cut & public services will suffer even more.#ABTV: Vote against Brexit on May 3Vote pro-EU: #Greens #LibDems #Renew#MayDay #LocalElections2018 #VoteEU 
Peers give THEMSELVES a veto!Lord Howard:"This new clause is thoroughly and fundamentally misconceived.I am afraid it illustrates the appalling lengths to which the die-hard Remainers are prepared to go to achieve their aim."#Brexit #EU 
“The divorce referendum passed by 0.5%. That’s the equivalent of one vote in every box. Believe me when I say that every vote counts.” #YouthForYes 
Situated an hour from Belfast and Dublin, County Monaghan is being dubbed as the perfect ‘post-Brexit’ base for investors. Great to see today’s write-up in the Belfast Telegraph on the economic investment potential of Monaghan:  
House of Lords are totally undermining our #Brexit negotiationsThey are inviting EU to offer the worse possible dealThis is treachery of the highest orderPM needs to make the Brexit vote a vote of confidenceWe aren't going to be pushed around by a motley crew of bad losers. 
Yet more evidence of UK’s unhealthy obsession with immigration. From the same gov that wants an outward looking UK post Brexit  Home Office told thousands of foreign students to leave UK in error via @FT 
#TheresaMay plans to dictate the outcome if her #Brexit deal is rejected. No role for #Parliament or #people ! 
The Tory position on Lords #Brexit vote - that Parliament, the sovereign representative of the people, is undermining the will of the people - is a very shonky one. 
.@TiceyOfficial: We will not sit by as an unelected cartel tries to dismantle Brexit bit by bit 
The nine times the House of Lords have defeated the Government on Brexit  in just four days... no wonder the Daily Mail is angry!  
"We have no agenda that is about changing the constitutional relationships between Ireland and Britain or Northern Ireland and Ireland." Ireland's Deputy Prime Minister Simon Coveney discusses the Irish border and Brexit negotiations.  
Johnson, Rees-Mogg and now Fox have all threatened to quit if their hard Brexit wet dream is cock-blocked. Cry me a fuckin' river. None of these self-serving manipulators will be missed by British or world politics. 
Here’s an idea that will horrify Brextemists. If the Lords and the Commons can’t agree on Brexit, let the people decide who is right. 
WATCH: Labour peer lord Reid explains that it's not only the facts that have changed, which is why he's calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
'Time to abolish undemocratic House of Lords' says Bow Group Parliamentary Group Board Member @DKShrewsbury Anger as Peers CRUSH #Brexit  
Daily Mail headline in the 1930s "German Jews Pouring Into This Country" And the owner's "Hurrah for the Blackshirts" article. Now as in the 1930s the Daily Mail is peddling fascistic hate. #StopBrexit #ABTV #Brexit #FBPE 
It's the Govt's promise, task and duty to implement Brexit. It's for the Executive to implement international treaties. Parliament, much less the House of Lords, can NOT stop the Govt from implementing the democratic will of the British people. #AbolishTheLords#Brexit  
Sir Patrick Stewart: "#Yorkshire folk need to speak up and win People’s Vote on #Brexit deal" from today's @yorkshirepost >> Don't worry, Sir Patrick, we in #Leeds are speaking up along with our friends across the county, and will continue to do so!  
Imagine, it's 2025:I can never forgive Labour for what they did2028I can never forgive Labour for what they did2030I can never forgive Labour for what they did2042I can never forgive......If you don't want Brexit don't vote Tory or Labour 3rd May 
I recently watched AC Grayling on TV saying that the people should never have been given an EU Referendum in the first place.Months later he is talking up the virtues of having another Referendum.The fact is, Remainers like he would undo the result by any means necessary.  
Hi @jeremycorbyn, thousands of Labour members are trudging the streets today to help you get your message out in the Local Elections. After May 3rd, can you help them? By respecting the two thirds of them who oppose Brexit @Labour4EU @Femi_Sorry #PCPEU 
LISTEN - James O'Brien Schools Caller Who Tells Him Brexit Is "The Will Of The People"  / #EU #Brexit  
New LinkedIn members data shows UK->EU brain drain, where there used to be EU->UK brain gain.In Q1 2018, net 1.04 /10,000 LinkedIn members moved UK->EU. This compares to 2.32 moving EU->UK in Q3 2017 & 13.57 moving EU->UK in 3 months before Brexit vote. 
Brexit Explained  
Corbyn supporters tell us that Labour is powerless to stop Brexit.Looks like Liam Fox doesn't agree."Liam Fox admits Tories may need to rely on Labour to push through Brexit plan."#FBPE 
The younger you are, the higher the  Brexit stakes. Younger voters flocked to @UKLabour in 2017. We have to stand by them, by standing against #Brexit.  
Neither party expected the Remain camp to be this vocal, two years later, to the prospects of a hard Brexit. ICorbyn & May thought Brexit had been settled and we’d meekly except what ever they decidedProbably the greatest political miscalculation of a generation #StopBrexit 
Without a "no deal" option on the table Brexit is no longer a negotiation, just the takeover by stealth, and subsequent looting, of what used to be the world's 5th largest economy.  PREPARE FOR POVERTY, COURTESY OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS EUROPHILES.  
Today we’re at the launch of #YouthForYes, joining a number of other youth organisations and @Together4yes to call for a Yes vote in the upcoming referendum on the 8th Amendment.  
Liam Fox accuses Lords of trying to block Brexit  
We came closer than ever to giving the people the final say on the Brexit deal  
"One of the major reasons for the uncertainty in manufacturing is the very disruptive impact on supply chains from leaving the EU. We need to maintain the access to European markets that is crucial British industry.”@vincecable on low growth in manufacturing sector #brexit 
Continued my visit of NI today: delighted to meet @derrycc @donegalcouncil & listen to all those who were there to meet me. Great to see the sights & learn about the vibrant town of Derry-L'derry. Discussed challenges of #Brexit w/ business & how the backstop can address them.  
Labour spokesman Lord Hunt keeps his job despite voting in favour of a second Brexit referendum. is Labour planning to sell out Brexit voters 
At a time when the NHS is losing a record number of doctors and nurses from the European Economic Area due to the Brexit vote, this is scandalous.  
Barnier told 'special status' only way of protecting Derry against Brexit disaster 
During last night's debate on the #EUWithdrawalBill, I made a short intervention about the feelings of young people regarding #Brexit 
#ABTV #LE2018 Come on Remainers. Vote for REMAINING IN THE EU. No more worries about letting in the Tories, they’re already here! Don’t let your vote be taken as endorsement for Brexit on May3rd.  
Labour are allowing their front bench to face in multiple directions on Brexit. Their incoherence is an insult to voters, whether they voted Leave or Remain. Once again, Labour offers chaos.  
Was the #Brexit vote right or wrong (by age) - latest YouGov pollFieldwork April 24-25 2018  
Labour don't HAVE an immigration policy, like they have none for Brexit.They make policy up on the hoof, because POWER is all they crave.Policy is an irrelevance, a tool to achieve that power.Welcome to Mao, welcome to Stalin, welcome to a really shit time under Labour.  
Brexit is a once in a lifetime opportunity to ensure British farmers have the systems and policies in place to grow affordable, healthy food whilst restoring biodiversity and reversing soil declines. #FutureFarming @Nethergill @DefraGovUK 
#BrexitRemainers before the vote: at the moment of voting Brexit, the earth will split in two; demons will spill forth to ram pitchforks into you until you are quite literally dead, except those escaping to Elysium (Frankfurt). Remoaners two years on: well we haven’t left yet 
Here’s @LadyBasildon another of the #VermininErmin trying to stop #Brexit She was only selected as candidate for Basildon because of an all woman shortlist & was booted out in 2010 & then immediately elevated to the home for failed, troughing politicians.  
It’s not acceptable for a disgraced minister to hide behind a slogan about democracy, whilst insisting he gets his non-mandated-DUP-bribed-Hard Brexit way.  
This is the perfect analogy for what a No-Deal Brexit would look like, from @mrjamesob. 
Theres a sign up desk in Trinity College today to register to vote. Gardaí are there to sign the forms. With 150k young people not registered, this referendum will be decided for you by older people, this vote will not affect them, but it will affect you! Get registered! #repeal 
Mrs Mays primary Brexit adviser. We'll leave everyone to make their mind up where Brexit is being driven and by what allegiances.   
(The Disgraced) Liam Fox accuses Lords of trying to block BrexitThis is from the Party who bunged & bribed the DUP  
Pull the other one, Peter. This is all about reversing Brexit. People would respect you and your colleagues in the Lords more if you had the honesty to admit it. 
1st official job in my new role was an important one in welcoming @MichelBarnier to our City & District, he will leave under no illusion that Derry & the North voted to remain & we need protections guaranteed #Brexit #specialstatus 
The Guardian likes to blame all things on #Brexit and ignores the massive elephant in the room. Austerity. The U.K. economy would be tanking, Brexit or no Brexit.  
Yesterday most @UKLabour peers ABSTAINED from voting for a motion that would have allowed the British people a say on the final Brexit deal. Labour don't care about you, don't vote for them!  
But still no commemorative stamp for Brexit?  
May goes to war without a vote in Parliament.It is clearly contrary to convention in UK’s unwritten constitution.Lords block Commons on Brexit.It is clearly contrary to convention in UK’s unwritten constitution.You reap what you sow. 
1707 was a betrayal of ordinary Scots by 'Scottish Lords' that is why they rioted on the streets. #Brexit proves the UK is no union of equals! 
The thaw is setting in after the always winter and never Christmas of Mrs May’s version of Brexit. Throwback the curtains and let the light in. It is time for one hell of a spring clean. 
The biggest irony of Brexit? That Brexiters would have been much happier if they had lost! My latest blog post:  
Listening to the *hard brexiteer* demagogues on #bbcnewsThey seem to have total contempt for ParliamentIt seems to be *their way or no way*A handful of Tory Ministers should NOT be deciding the future of #Brexit UK. 
There is no labour jobs first brexit. There is no economically sound brexit. There is no global trade brexit. It’s a scam. #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
Brexiters like Daniel Hannan who rave about an Anglosphere trade bloc, know full well that without the USA it would be economically irrelevant, & that with the USA it would be dominated by Washington. They are clearly not interested in greater UK sovereignty.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
As UK comes under mounting pressure to shift its red lines on Brexit, Iceland points out that being in the EEA hasn't prevented it from doing free trade deals around the world. My latest:  
A Labour frontbencher has been reprimanded for voting for a fresh Brexit referendum  
Thread: A trade deal with the US on the day we leave the EU was apparently going to be the great prize of Brexit. But even Liam Fox knows he can no longer hide the reality.  (1) 
Sir Patrick Stewart: Yorkshire folk need to speak up and win People’s Vote on Brexit deal  Thank you again for your support.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  127,000 Signature as we count them. Retweet to put the House of Lords out of business. 
Brexit: Liam Fox accuses peers of 'thwarting will of people': Because the last thing Brexiters want is to give Parliament a meaningful role or to let the people decide when they see the reality of Brexit! #PeoplesVote 
If 6.5mill people do this on Thursday  - but leave out Labour this time. We could #stopbrexit So - on Thursday May 3rd - don't vote Tory or Labour they both support Brexit - vote #remain - Use #ABTV Help us get a #FinalSay in a #PeoplesVote 2/2 
Liam Fox admits Tories may need to rely on Labour to push through Brexit plan Can anyone rely on Labour at the moment? 
Victory for @AlfDubs’ amendment to help reunite unaccompanied children with their families in UK! We're now one step closer to protecting family reunion rights for some of the most vulnerable refugee children after Brexit #ChooseLove 
Baroness Altmann - Extreme Brexiters want to try & railroad a hard brexit or no deal.. they don't mind which.. through the House of Commons without giving MPs an actual vote on whether the terms of the deal will be actually ok for the country.#StopBrexit #FBPE @rosaltmann 
Lords vote may pave way for Parliament to delay Brexit 'indefinitely', Fox admits  
I'm a working class boy from a council estate. Your Brexit is as elite as it comes. So many of the driving forces behind it are insulated socially financially even politically from the inevitable disaster it will be, even if the long term sorts itself out. 
When people in #Bristol ask what they can do on #Brexit, it is great to see @bristolgreen news being delivered with a practical suggestion - join @Bristol4Europe and follow @MollyMEP 
Some people are so thick that they actually think Council elections are an indicator of opinion on Brexit.I have family who voted Leave in the Referendum who are voting Lib Dem as they are reasonable at local level. Council elections have nothing to do with the EU referendum.  
stuff Corbyn and screw brexit. Labour and Conservatives are finished with brexit. They were put into parliament to do what was best for people and country not what they would like themselves.  
Steve:Black Bull regular. Fruity expert. Brexit means Brexit. Loses points for drinking rum and coke. Should’ve been Carling. 8.5/10  
With only 5% of farmers under 35 years we believe post-Brexit agriculture policy must introduce capital grants for new entrants.With only one week left till the deadline fill out the @DefraGovUK consultation TODAY and make sure farmers voices are heard!  
Peers admit that this amendment will give parliament ‘the ability’ to stop Brexit, with one Lord saying the referendum was an ‘interim decision.’ It is wholly undemocratic of unelected peers to defy the will of the people in such a way.  
Incredible that Lord Hunt remains on the Labour frontbench. How can Labour be taken seriously as a party which respects the referendum result and he remain in post?  
Liam Fox adding to the chorus of Tory lies yelling that an unelected House is trying to block #Brexit. The Lords cannot block legislation, so Fox & the others are lying yet again. Such #LeaveLies have utterly destroyed Brexit as a democratic process #FBPE 
1/x Much fuss over the Lords amendment on "meaningful vote" on the Brexit withdrawal agreement last night, but I haven't seen any detailed discussion of what it entails. Here's some thoughts. First, the text (h/t @emcmillanscott for it) 
I have never known the house of Lords so openly attack the people as they have done with brexit. That many are globalists is no secret but its rude to live off of our money whilst stabbing us in the back. Britain home of democracy? Bollocks. 
With the unelected house of lords now having put the boot into brexit, May is desperately looking for a way which will fool the people into believing they will have left the EU when in fact we will be major contributors with no say and forever under the heel of the communist EU. 
In light of the new, 17-month low, manufacturing numbers, perhaps we should establish the BrexFX Index (TM) - to track how Brexit is chilling our economy, even as the Global Economy heats up? Or we could just #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote 
OFCOM SCANDAL: Lady Noakes, deputy chair of Ofcom, which regulates the BBC, voted with Government & pro Brexit in all 3 votes in Lords yesterday - her 10th pro Govt vote in a row.  So now we have Ofcom as well as the BBC in the pocket of Mr Farage! @Ofcom 
Liam Fox accuses Lords of trying to block Brexit  Trying to preserve good order is not blocking Brexit, it’s about ensuring we avoid chaos. But Fox wants disorder: from that he thinks his new order will arise 
Disgraced minister Liam Fox has accused the House of Lords of trying to block the 'will of the people' over Brexit. The hypocrite wants to uphold democracy on one hand, while shutting it down on the other. He seeks a Brexit process with no scrutiny. #Scary #BrexitShambles #MayDay 
Looks like this Brexit stuff is taking it's toll on poor @mrjamesob !!! 
Baroness Jones: I’m worried about what Brexit means for our rights. "The Conservative Party’s 2017 Manifesto said they weren’t going to repeal the Human Rights Act “until the process of leaving the EU is finished.”  #citizensrights #PeoplesVote 
School day trip visa warning post-Brexit - one of the many negative consequences of Brexit  
Treasonous EU nationalists like @thatginamiller @Femi_Sorry @andrew_adois @acgrayling @albawhitewolf @mrjamesob are doing more to divide the UK than they realise.On this path they’ll lead the UK to a very dark place and their types will be *hated* for a generation.#Brexit #FBPE 
Our vote for Brexit is being challenged at every opportunity. Theressa May has negotiated nothing! Our fishermen are a prime example of her non existent negotiating skills, no reason at all why our fisherman can't have our waters back & they are suffering.  
There is officially one week left to get onto the Supplementary Register to vote in the upcoming referendum. Remember, Monday is a bank holiday, so try to get your forms in soon  
Remainer? planning to vote for Labour in Thursday?  Remember, they just refused to support a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal. A vote for Labour will be taken as a vote endorsing Brexit. #ABTV 
Fair question: why is this long time Europhile our top Brexit negotiator?  
Word of the day: Bealtaine - when the summer is welcomed in and nature's bounteous regeneration is celebrated. Traditionally symbolised by a fire which purifies by incinerating all the stupid ideas about Brexit you've had to listen all winter  
Just a reminder that if Corbyn had come out against #Brexit 6 months ago it would now be deadThe momentum against Brexit is building in spite of him,not because of himAt best he is a distraction,a pointless side show in the biggest event in a generation 
Might have missed this amid Rudd resignation...Boris signature means supremacy of EU law now wider, as UK signs up to effective Single Market in intellectual property..if this is ok pooling of sovereignty benefiting Uk economy, then it might open up similar mechanisms for Brexit:  
Peers have secured fabulous victory for parliamentary democracy, calling for Parliament to get meaningful vote at end of Brexit talks. This could pave way for #PeoplesVote on Brexit deal if it's not up to snuff, as seems likely. 
Brexit process is "much, much tougher" than people thought, Tony Blair says  
#Brexit means - a monumental act of self harm.Cartoon by @CH_Cartoon. 
Why is the 2016 referendum so sacrosanct? Because it's the one win they'll get, and I suspect in their hearts they know it. #PeoplesVote 
There is a momentum building against #Brexit which Corbyn is trying to resistHe wants Brexit, he's always wanted Brexit.If he had any integrity he'd have joined the leave campaign in 2016 and let a real Remainer lead the Labour remain campaign  
U.K. manufacturing slowed more than predicted in April to a 17-month low  
while it's not true to say that a referendum is people in their 60s versus everyone else, it nearly kind-of is. So please check you are on the register for the forthcoming referendum in Ireland and let's sort this shit out ok great thanks  #repealthe8th 
Labour has yet again sat & abstained on a vote that would have given the public the opportunity to vote on the final Brexit deal. Don't you do the same on May 3rd your vote matters to all of us Vote Pro EU on May 3rd #ABTV #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
The EU’s Chief Brexit Negotiator Michel Barnier speaking to the media ahead of a meeting with @M_AndersonSF in Derry - he repeated the EU’s commitment to the backstop #Brexit  
European Chief Negotiator #Michel Barnier visiting the Guildhall in #Derry today as part of his two-day tour to give updates on the Brexit negotiations  
Relevant to this referendum! If you feel ashamed in voting no, it looks like your morals and respect is on the wrong side so maybe rethink about it x  
Provocatively put by @OwenJones84 but worth bearing in mind that opposition to Brexit does not make one a ‘progressive’  
VERY IMPORTANT Use this to #ABTV  Not a single vote for any of the pro-#Brexit parties. We need 16 million #Remainers to go out and #vote.  #Vote for #Remain parties! - #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #ABTV #LE2018 #The3MillionVote #Resist #Hope 
Foreign investment comes to the UK because it's a gateway to the EU market. Remove that attraction and how do you attract the investment? Answer, low taxes on business and wealth, low regulations and low welfare. Tory Brextremist heaven.#StopBrexit #VoteEU,#Brexit #ABTV 
I'm going to march for a #PeoplesVote on June 23 to demand that the people have a say on the final Brexit deal - will you join us?  @peoplesvote_uk 
Corbyn apologists still arguing he's playing the long game on Brexit: jus stop. It's over. He whipped his Lords to deny the British people a say on the final deal. On this subject, he's an ideologue, cowardly, and not democratic.  
This Brexit process is a crumbling wreck. It always has been. But it won’t finally collapse without someone giving it an almighty jolt. Let’s see if the Court of Session is   willing to be the one to do it.Please pledge in support of #A50Scotland and R/T 
Message on Derry’s Walls for EU Chief Brexit Negotiator @MichelBarnier as he visits the city and discusses the @BorderIrish and #Brexit  
Delighted to welcome @MichelBarnier to our wonderful city. Today he will hear first hand, from a range of stakeholders how devastating Brexit will be to us,the people of the NorthWest.  #Brexit #specialstatus 
The Referendum Result is being betrayed. This is what  I predicted would happen in 2016. The solution is still the same.  The big drawback is that our traitorous Parliament does not want to be supreme. It wants to be subjugated to the EU.  
Brexit process is "much, much tougher" than people thought, Tony Blair says  
If, like me, you feel lost politically because you don’t think the answer to right wing dogmatism & Brexit, is left wing dogmatism & Brexit , then vote @Renew_Britain on May 3rd.  Here are a list of their candidates.  
No matter how often Brexiteers say, 'we're not racist, really', along comes another senior Brexit politician to confirm the opposite. This oaf is talking about the Prime Minister of the Republic of Ireland, by the way.  
Brexit is a "catastrophe," according to billionaire investor Naguib Sawiris  
Liam Fox accuses Lords of trying to block Brexit  
400 jobs on way to Ireland from China firm seeking EU foothold "Access to the European Union was... a key factor for the company choosing to locate in Dundalk". Bet that won't show up in any assessments of the costs of #Brexit  
Clear analysis that leaving the Customs Union will deliver more prosperity than remaining. The economic consensus on Brexit has got it all wrong  via @BrexitCentral 
"Donald Trump is a passing problem in the US - Brexit is not." My intervew with @MazzucatoM on her new book The Value of Everything. 
Lord Hunt is in trouble after voting against the Labour whip with 51 of his backbenchers to try and get us a second referendum.The Government won the vote narrowly because Labour whipped to abstain.But we salute you Lord Hunt and your colleagues  
Liam Fox: Parl should respect the result of the Referendum 'given as an instruction'.ME: Nope. A small majority of those voting giving an opinion...on 1 day after a v. flawed campaign.Not enough to deny a Democratic Rethink. Binding #FinalSayForALLwith a #StopBrexit option 
Today I am invited on to BBC 2’s Daily Politics at 12pm, and this evening on LBC’s Iain Dale Show at 6pm. To talk about the local elections (so I am told), and hopefully Brexit. 
On Thursday, #Together4Yes launches our newest pop-up shop and campaign hub. T-shirts and badges are conversation-starters and we know that starting conversations is key to winning this referendum. Come get kitted out for the next four weeks!  
Lords amendments are fine, but hopeless if Corbyn always rescues the Govt whenever Brexit is ever seriously endangered. Not convinced he’d stop ‘no-deal’ when chaos is the road to his socialist la-la land. 
Well this is an intriguing idea.... Though exactly this was tried exactly a year ago, and as I recall, it was then referred to by Douglas as a “mopping up exercise” for Brexit...  
"It's already been decided": Nick Ferrari savages the Lib Dem leader in the Lords for trying to stop Brexit.  
"This is about a picture of chaos and mismanagement” @thomasbrake on the #windrush crisis and the Conservative's disastrous approach to Brexit  
The IFS analysis is clear on the huge #brexit costs of leaving the #customsunion 
2 trade missions to Japan have succeeded in producing nothing. And the Japanese ambassador here says there won't be a Japanese factory etc in the UK post Brexit. So much for sunny uplands. And us pensioners will be out in the fields hoeing turnips! #liamfox 
The 9 defeats inflicted on the Government over Brexit in just 4 days #EUWithdrawalBill  
This is why Labour's policy on Brexit - send the Government back to renegotiate - can't be taken seriously. Until Labour is prepared publicly to contemplate revocation it's just playing politics with our futures.  
This is JeremyJeremy doesn’t want you to have a #PeoplesVoteJeremy wants #BrexitJeremy needs a slap on the wrist come May 3rdAnd so does his mate Treeza#ABTV 
Liam Fox thinks our sovereign Parliament voting to resist his personal extremist Brexit wet dream is “a backdoor device” that thwarts democracy. #r4today 
I personally think we’d win a second referendum, Brexiteers & Remainers would come together to fight for something even bigger than coming out the EU..... The right to choose. #democracy 
Go on. Make it confidence issue Remainiacs. Let’s have an autumn election with elites frustrating the referendum result and Lords abolition centre stage.  Dare you, you establishment parasites  
Final CUNK ON BRITAIN tonight at 10 on BBC2 - from the 1960s to Brexit.  
Scottish Labour and the Lib Dems have positioned themselves against the Brexit powers deal offered to Holyrood by WestminsterThis leaves only the Scottish Conservatives in favor of the current deal make no mistake this is a huge blow to Ruth Davidson they stand alone . 
SICKENING: 4 Conservative Lords, 51 Labour and 91 Liberal Democrats voted for a second referendum yesterday. Zero respect for the public vote!  
I've personally heard Alexander Nix tell me #CambridgeAnalytica had NO involvement in #Brexit. More importantly he told @DamianCollins and the @CommonsCMS this. When will he reappear and explain himself to Parliament and the people on such a constitutional altering issue. 
Liam Fox claims mandate from public is to leave EU and leave Customs Union - but how much was the CU part of referendum debate?@GeorgeEaton research - among Vote Leave’s 53 “key speeches, interviews and op-eds”, tens of thousands of words, just one reference to “customs union” 
Liam Fox’s ideological fervour shining through on @BBCr4today : Brexit at any cost is what he wants. Even if it means irreparable damage to the British economy, jobs and opportunities. 
Liam Fox dismissing Parliament as a “procedural device” while harping on about the “will of the people” exposes the naked hypocrisy of Brexiteers’ “sovereignty” argument. For them, sovereignty is little more than a self-serving rhetorical device to achieve Hard Brexit #r4today 
Why is it that those shouting the loudest about the will of the people are also those completely rejecting a referendum to confirm this is actually what the people want? 
More evidence, revealed by @J_amesp, that #CambridgeAnalytica WAS working with @LeaveEUOfficial on #Brexit despite multiple denials on both sides.  
The Labour Welsh Government is not offering an explanation over its deal with the Tories on Brexit / Assembly power grab. @WalesOnline @Plaid_Cymru 
Lord Howard gave a brilliant speech in the House of Lords on the upper chamber’s reckless decision to attempt to block BREXIT - outstanding! 
Don’t vote Labour in #LocalElections like I did in last general election on vague idea they’ll somehow in the end be ok on Brexit.They won’t 
If they get a Brexit do over, surely we get an election do over.  
SHAME: More than 200 Lords voted for a second referendum yesterday in the latest disgrace seen in the increasingly discredited, unelected chamber.  
Innit time we had a referendum on tellin' these unelected, treacherous know-it-all Lords to bog off?#BrexitMeansBrexit 
Theresa May suffers a seventh Brexit defeat in the Lords, leaving her with another headache  
Whilst it may go unnoticed, by preventing a no deal #brexit scenario The Lords has quietly put down a coup led by Johnson, Leadsom, Mogg, Wigmore, Mercer, Banks, Hands, Davis, Farage, IDS, Fox, Redwood, Gove, Dacre, Murdoch, Bannon, Hintze, Odey, Grayling, Ashcroft et al #FBPE 
It's called Parliamentary sovereignty you nincompoop. You once pretended it was what Brexit was for.  
This is not a threat and not something I say lightly, but if @jeremycorbyn wishes to retain the vote of some one who voted for him twice, then he needs to offer either a 2nd ref or a final vote with the option to Brexit or #Remain It's that simple. National interest 1st #FBPE 
Are you one of the EU 3m?Or a voter under 20 years old?In JUST TWO DAYS, you finally get your say on Brexit.#ABTV. Vote TACTICAL. 
Terry Cartwright (Jay's dad):A granite Brexit dad. Almost certainly voted out. Gives woeful advice. Top geezer. Questionable father. 7/10  
Happy May Day to all my lovely followers....stay optimistic about Brexit & British traditions   
Seldom discussed, but spin-off benefit of #Brexit is that many businesses are now planning to export internationally - including to EU27. #Brexit has woken us up & reminded us that we're a global trading nation.Original pro-Brexit facts-based daily news:  
- Daddy, what did you do during the great #brexit crisis of 2018?- I abstained, honey pie.  
This needs to be frontline news on every newspaper and in all SM & MSM! Labour shared their data with  and CA during Brexit Referendum.@guardian @thetimes @Independent @nytimes @TheTelegraph__ @TheCanaryUK @DailyMailUK @DailyMail @SkyNewsBreak @BBCBreaking 
I have to confess I have given up even pretending to be polite when responding to brexit advocates when they talk about the Irish border. At this stage you have to conclude that the ignorance is both dangerous and deliberate 
2018. There is a political momentum to derail Brexit, legitimise illegal immigration, shut down free speech and elevate a savage foreign ideology. Does a civil war await us or do we sleepwalk into submission? 
I gave my vote to Labour so they could fight a hard brexit and they gave my data to LeaveEU so they could fight for a hard brexit. #ABTV 
The vote in the House Of Lords on giving the people the final say on Brexit was lost last night, by 58 votes. If Corbyn hadn’t whipped Labour lords to abstain, they could have overturned Tory Brexit. Those of you who still thought Corbyn didn’t want Brexit, you were so wrong 
Tory expenses scandal peer ‘Lord Moat’ tries to sabotage Brexit negotiations  
If you spent a decade pitching Brexit as a liberal project only to discover that you were used to make a very different ideological agenda possible you don't just walk away in a huff and leave the mess behind. You take responsibility and work with others to prevent disaster. 
Not all members of the Lords are anti-democrats. This speech from Lord Howarth hits the nail squarely on the head. All Remoaners in Parliament trying to undermine Brexit should take note.  
Theresa May said no deal is better than a bad deal, but the House of Lords vetoed the UK leaving the EU without a deal... Should unelected peers have a say over Brexit?@JuliaHB1 |  
When voting on Thursday just remember:UKIP: Brexit AgitatorsTories: Brexit InstigatorsLabour: Brexit Enablers and Collaborators#ABTV 
Anna these kind of fanatic comments unleashed by the Brexit Referendum which I've received as well minus the reselection one bode badly for any prospect of reuniting country or the Tory party if hardBrexit succeeds! 
Today is the 135th day parliament has sat since the general election.No Brexit legislation is yet law.There are only 70 more sitting days before MPs are expected to debate the final Brexit deal.Half the Brexit legislation hasn't even been introduced yet.#R4today 
Brexit has changed Scottish unionism. Now all we have left are British nationalists with nothing but a union jack and a thousand-yard stare. @Jeggit on Effie Deans. 
Brexiteers: "take back control!"Parliament: "what do you mean?"Brexiteers: "we want you to be sovereign!"Parliament: *passes meaningful vote amendment*Brexiteers: "not like that!"#FBPE #Brexit 
Many fatcats in the Lords have made a lot of money from the EU and draw EU pensions. Is it surprising that are trying to thwart Brexit?  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  126,100 Signatures to give us a good start retweeting our message to resolve a dangerous problem at the heart of democratic government in the UK. RETWEET TODAY & TOMORROW 
President Macron is visiting Australia, to raise awareness of France there, and to boost trade. Meanwhile, our Abject Dishrag @theresa_may is busy betraying 17.4m Brexit voters, and droning on about plastic bags... 
#Brexit . A strategy that will hurt the working classes the most. Supported by Labour.#FBPE #ABTV 
First, tie the government down to staying in the Customs Union. Second, conspire with the EU to insist that there are no escape clauses. The plot to stop Brexit has begun, says @AVMitchell2010 
Concerns over 'mystery' Facebook ads claiming to offer 'unbiased facts' on Eighth Referendum  
Why the economic consensus on Brexit has got it wrong - Patrick Minford of @Econs4FreeTrade 
Puerile and misleading piece. My astonishment at the poor editorial judgement in the IT on the #8thref grows almost daily // Referendum on Eighth about trusting politicians – not women or doctorsvia @IrishTimes 
People resigning their membership of Labour over Brexit or trans rights.Thank goodness the movement is made up of stronger, less selfish folk than you! Your single-issue obsession reflects your privilege. 
I never thought I'd ever hear someone who voted Brexit say this... @OFOCBrexit 
Ugh: Missouri Republicans are planning to move the referendum over their "right-to-work" bill from November's to August's ballot, where they expect lower turnout. (h/t @spectatorcitizn)  
EU warns on Irish border issue as UK lawmakers vote for right to block #Brexit  
We support the decision made by the Gov of #Belize to hold a public referendum to decide if the territorial, maritime and insular differendum with Guatemala should be solved under the jurisdiction of the Intl Court of Justice @CIJ_ICJ 
aussie psephologists: i’ve heard claims that @JayWeatherill’s @alpsa actually increased the vote. is this true? simplistic? skewed? spin?who can give unbiased colour to this ‘referendum on renewables’? (yeah, i don’t agree that it was either.) 
Well said  Jacob's onboard #Brexit  
.@jeremycorbyn .@Keir_Starmer For the first time in my life I will not be voting for #Labour on Thursday. 65% of Labour supporters voted #Remain (in an advisory referendum) & our collective voice has been ignored. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #Brexit #FBPE 
The crux of what @J_amesp has uncovered."At times it felt as if they (the Leader's Office) were working against the rest of the party and had conflicting objectives."Alan Johnson - 27th June 2016#Labour #LabourParty #Corbyn #Momentum #Brexit #Lexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
If you list the top 100 problems Kenyans want solved, Elitist political inclusion won't feature . Anyone pushing for a referendum NOW to achieve the above is 1. Cheapening The Handshake 2. Insulting KE voters. 
The House of #unelected wreckers & parasites! These Titled #SCUMBAGS are trying to destroy your #BREXIT! It is now time they are #ABOLISHED! #AbolishtheLords #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #BREXIT @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDemLords #Lords @ConHome #HouseofLords #Labour @UKHouseofLords 
Brexit: sanity must prevail - Following Barnier's speech, we should be under no illusions: if the Irish question  isn't settled, neither the Lords nor the Commons will be voting on a deal – there won't be one to vote on...  #Brexinfo. 
Incredible how this error/lie/myth re Customs Union has become entrenched esp in BBC’s coverage of Brexit. Can’t help wondering whether it’s due to extremely poor research on part of BBC journos, or whether there are more insidious reasons behind it  
No. Vote for a party that opposes Brexit and show Labour that their stance on the EU is not good enough. 
Remember what?  Vince Cable, age 74, criticised elderly Brexit voters for shafting the young.  You do not object to using elderly votes in House of Lords, average age 69, now doing its best to shaft the 52% who voted Leave.LibDems can never describe themselves as democratic. 
#RETWEET & SHARE this #Petition: Give the electorate a #referendum on the #abolition of the #unelected #HouseofLords!  #AbolishtheLords #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #BREXIT @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDemLords #Lords @ConHome #Peers #Tory #Labour 
Labour itsn't what it used to be. It's now a Brexit Party.London is what it always was - a great European capital.Don't let Brexit ruin London. On May 3rd, vote Remain. Your recommended Remain Party candidates are listed here ward by ward. #LE2018  
Being an absolute anti Brexit troll I was wondering how to displease the DUP, but I couldn't think of anything.In the meantime, here's a picture of @MichelBarnier and co. #FBPE 
PRESS RELEASEThe Government of Belize has set the date for the referendum where #Belize will decide whether or not to take the dispute arising from Guatemala’s claim to the ICJ for final settlement. The referendum will be held on Wednesday, April 10th, 2019. pic.twitter.com/HXOcg3rSok 
The filthy parasitical @UKHouseofLords with it's GREEDY snout permanently in the #EU TROUGH! The #HouseofLords must be #ABOLISHED! #AbolishtheLords #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #BREXIT @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDemLords #Lords @ConHome #Peers #Tory #Labour @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn 
Labour could have voted for a Final say on #BrexitYet again Corbyn has used the whip to force abstentions on a key voteIs this why Labour elected him, so that he could force his party to sit on the sidelines and abstain over and over again?New kind of (absent) politics  
Nobody is denying the Brexiters' human rights, but they are attempting to deny everybody else's. It's one of my biggest bugbears against #Brexit and why I will never accept it. 
You forget yourself. You're part of a minority Govt propped up by the DUP in a hung parliament.Of course parliament should (a) be sovereign & (b) hold you to account.May asked the electorate to strengthen her hand in #GE2017 & get behind her hard #Brexit. We said NO. 
May suffers huge Brexit defeat as Lords backs ‘meaningful vote’ on EU deal.Government defeated by 335 to 244 as Parliament ‘takes back control’ of Brexit process.Next, MPs and peers should call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Pip has a British name, maybe she would leave the EU as well?  #brexit #alonziinstatweets #pipsquad #hintsquad 
Since everything else is already far more expensive due to Brexit I fail to see the benefit. 
#House of so called #Lords really are a dumb load of arrogant tossers, they need to go and now.Petition ... PLEASE SIGN and Re-Tweet, lets get rid of these assholes once and for allGive the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords ! 
No not until you oppose Brexit. 
They shame our country & they shame our democracy...what's left of it...I hope Corbyn pays a price for his support of #Brexit & denial of a Binding #FinalSayForALL with the option to #StopBrexit & #Remain 
So what does this have to do with leaving the EU? Did you think the referendum was about getting rid of Indians and Africans? 
Me too. Shame on you Corbyn for abstaining on the vote for people to have a say n the referendum. This lifelong Labour voter is voting LivDem. 
House of Lords gives Commons Brexit-blocking powres *  *  - Video News Clip  
Convince them of what? The DUP are the ones who said today they will bring Gov down if NI border is in  the sea, and pro Brexit Tories said they will bring Gov down if they stay in the single market. This Gov is on the verge of collapse, as May can't please both sides. 
 EU's chief Brexit negotiator calls for agreement on Irish border | Al Jazeera English *  *  - Video News Clip  
There are some that are insecure about they're looks. There are some that are insecure about how they're perceived. But the most insecure person in the world is a remainer #Brexit 
Let’s hope there is more, much more ‘good news’ from the HoL regarding Brexit Bills as the cowards in the HoC are no longer fit to represent the People! The sooner the rotten Labour and Tory leadership is consigned to the political wilderness the better!  
Keir this an amendment to stop Brexit. You will create a new worse UKIP.  You can forget many Northern Labour seats. You've lost them by going against the Referendum.  You're creating untold future damage to the country. 
PLEASE sign! 3 days to go and this needs to get to 100,000. We can do it! Petition: Stop the Common Fisheries Policy being adopted into UK law post-Brexit.  
Who has the edge in Nashville transit referendum as election arrives?  
Theresa May suffers another key defeat after Lords votes to kill off any prospect of a 'no deal' Brexit   The  Lords  is Undermining  the  British  position . weakening  our  country against  foreign  attack 
A blissful brexit? a bewitched brexit? NO! We need a whirlwind brexit! 
Trump will be our greatest ally after Brexit, writes Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Brexit is 7990 hours away. #brexit 
Expect Labour to have dozed off for a result of Brexit 
