The Brexit shuffle. 
#Brexit pushes the UK to build its own rival satellite system.  Via @ReutersTV 
worse than Brexit 
I found THE best Banana Bread recipe! I used @ICBInotbutter and it was so moist and tasted amazing! Without adding on all the extra calories, it's the best of both worlds! My kids ate this whole loaf in about 2 seconds  #sponsored #SpreadNoDrama  
Sajid Javid promises that Brexit will end free movement and allow Britain to control immigration in its own best interests. Wait for the small print in any treaty to discover what concessions in fact May will have to make. 
We have been so distracted by the threat of *no deal* that we forget how piss-poor ANY version of Brexit is. We are giving up gold for fool's gold, May no longer pretends it is now *the will of the people*. Lies, fraud, are not democracy. It is a coup.  
ABOUT FREAKIN’ TIME, COMRADES.“Leftwingers launch pro-EU campaign to shift Labour position on Brexit”  
NEW figures have revealed that Britain is the number one destination for foreign direct investment in Europe as the Brexit economic boom continues - Express  
“Fewer than ten staff involved in move of EU HQ. UK HQ unaffected with around 400 staff”. #Brexit #Panasonic 
He’s got a shit policy about Brexit. I don’t know if that counts as ‘getting him on policies’.I think several of his other policies are quite good. But I won’t support him because he’s got a shit policy about Brexit.  
He “sincerely” voted with the Govt to prevent EU citizens securing post. Reixit rights.That was shabby, mean and I think less of him for that and so many other continuing acts of Brexit meanness. 
At the end of today all I can conclude is:The Labour party is tearing itself to shredsThe Tories have torn themselves to shredsThe other parties are but shreds in the political totalityAnd #Brexit will render the country's future shreds.Wake up Britain!#newsnight #r4today 
A botched Brexit will leave nurses unable to do their jobs safely – that's why they want a final say#FinalSay #UKEUChallenge 
More big business packing up and leaving the UK due to the Brexit madness.  Time to #Think32 
SPLIT the BritNats ScreamTories Split on #NoDeal #BrexitLabour Split on Anti-Semitism@Thesnp Split on whether to donatie or not to a crowdfundWonder which is the more serious#DissolveTheUnion 
Representatives of all 5 main political parties faced challenging questions on Brexit at a packed ‘Politicians’ Q and A’ on Thursday evening in Edinburgh, organised by EMiS. Thanks to @agcolehamilton @BenMacpherson @DJohnsonMSP @EvelynWestonX @CllrGrahamHutch & all who took part 
Given the absolute corruption of BBC Scotland news, I 'd like to remind people of their dirty lies during the 2014 referendum...  
An alleged Labour MP quoting LeaveEU and Westmonster...what did you expect from the Tory voting fox hunting member for Vauxhall? 
The Brexit judgement of the British people is equally good. Enjoy the final days of your crumbling empire.  
Pound sterling slips after Barnier tones down Brexit optimism  
The Remain vote in NI must be respected. It would be wrong to drag NI out of the European Union against its will by a cheating referendum #skypapers 
With choice comes division, as the Brexit coalition fundamentally disagrees about which point of the tradeoff between sovereignty and economics the United Kingdom should be aiming for.  
Did someone just use the word principles and Soubry in the same sentence? The woman who wanted to allow the  electorate to decide on Brexit and now wants non of it because she didn't get what she wants. Zero principles. 
Brexit has became a dance off. Desperate times ahead. 
Healthy, white teeth start with strong enamel—and enamel stays strong by brushing 2x daily with Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste. @PopSugar 
To make a statement about the Brexit vote and Donald Trump's election  
*clears throat for League Of Gentlemen parody response...”This is a Brexit thread for Brexit people, we’ll have no facts here” 
Referendum will cover 3 important issues: mental health, safety, teachers. #milleryes18 
Reconciliations are an important step in the healing process, especially after the horrors of the #Bougainville conflict. Haku Constituency in Buka yesterday celebrated a mass reconciliation ceremony in preparation for 2019 referendum. #Peacebypeacefulmeans 
#Brexit = poor bloody infantry being marched into the trenches against the EU by generals who only see the glories of further deregulation of labour and environmental regulations ahead. Not incompetence - strategy  
Having seen #TheresaMay dance on her African tour I now know why she is so opposed to freedom of movement. #Brexit 
Unfortunately, #Brexit is going to hit "leave" voting Cornwall hard. Benefits received from EU amount to £180M over 3 years. UKGov have promised *max* £6M/yr. *90%* down. Meanwhile, @stevedouble, Newquay MP says "EU funding- huge waste & bureaucratic nightmare"We've been had. 
The simple answer is - money. The spivs and crooks pushing "brexit" hope to make a fortune from changes in the markets and currency values on 29th March 2019. The best strategy is therefore to stop "brexit", and thereby bankrupt them. "Brexit" is in reality just a financial crime 
It's very late, I'm about to go to bed, so I almost couldn't be bothered to read this.I'm very glad I did. It's one of the documents that spells out the intimate link between Brexit & the exploitation of the very poorest by the most privileged.  
Good analysis by ⁦@NewsAnnabelle⁩ in ⁦@politico⁩ ⁦@POLITICOEurope⁩.  Puts me as a bridge between Pragmatists and Soft Brexit Rebels.  Accurate I’m committed to implementing the EUref. But not at any price. We need a gradual transition  
Moving onto more important things - #Brexit is coming and its going to affect all our lives. We can't promise all the answers, but you can ask ALL your questions at this event - a rare opportunity indeed. 
A union of equals.....AYE, so we are!!!Westminster will screw every £ it can out of Scottish resources & NOT for the benefit of the Scottish peopleTime for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DessolveTheUnion 
'Is #Brexit good or bad for the UK?' Compare it to 2014, before the referendum was offered. We are in a much worse place now. And we haven't even left yet.What on Earth are we doing?#PeoplesVote #CorbynOut #ToriesOut #WATON #FBPE #WeNeedPRNow 
Whatever happens in the next few years with Brexit, I hope it’s a catalyst for a reboot of the British party political system. Can’t say I’m hopeful, there is such a dearth of leadership, pragmatism and personality, most politicians are either PPE automatons or priapic SJWs. 
Reckon BREXIT will become quite funny when those who voted for it for xenophobic reasons discover that it will mean more brown & black people will end up coming here as we may have to relax immigration rules for trade agreements & we will need workers to replace EU workers 
I’ve discovered the goblet trad session on a Thursday.. if you thought brexit was dangerous, this is a whole new level 
Absolute belter by Rod Liddle in this w/e @spectator, delivering a rasping condemnation of the arrogant, illiberal, condescending rabble of anti-democratic elitists bent on reversing Brexit. 
Wednesday next week: Your chance to question Mike Russell about Brexit &Scotland.  
Always puzzling how to reconcile calls that Brexit 'will give us back our borders' and at the same time not create a hard border in Ireland.#tomorrowspaperstoday 
Going on LBC in a minute to discuss the question ‘can we make a success of Brexit?’I may surprise you and say ‘yeah, why not, it’ll be brilliant!!’Tune in to find out 
Tony Blair won 3 straight elections, and is the only Labour leader to win even one in the last 20 years. Corbyn lost the only election he's been in, against an unpopular Brexit-torn Tory party. Apparently, alternative facts are not just a thing among Trumpkins.  
Panasonic will move its European headquarters from the UK to Amsterdam in advance of Brexit. @MatthewStadlen asks: can we still make Brexit work?  
The British People shouldn't get a say on the final Brexit deal... because... Democracy?#PeoplesVote 
You put Brexit inYou pull Brexit outYou put Brexit inAnd you shake it all about...  
Nigel Farage - "The pound has risen strongly on the back of Mr Barnier’s comments. I would, if I were you, not take him at face value."I think he will do everything he can to keep us linked as closely as possible to the political project." #Brexit  
Ah, I see. No plan. I am a member of the financial services industry. Hard Brexit will remove our passporting rights; we’ve already moved a large chunk of our capital and 75% of our staff to Frankfurt. But yeah, it’s all going to be cool because a ‘fashion student’ says so. 
This IS the awfulness of Brexit.Post Brexitian cupboard love begging for crumbs at a table that you have disdained to visit for 30 years.As was pointed out in Kenyatta's public rebuke to the Maybot.It's embarrassing. 
'So, how terrible is Brexit?''Hang on, let me express the answer via dance'  
Kal on Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Sky reporting there is a “stark split in the SNP”...er, the only split I see is in the Tory Party over Brexit (split being an under-statement); split in the Labour Party over just about everything; and a split in dessert bananas...read my lips, NO SPLIT IN THE SNP... 
After @CANZUKint's proposals were adopted as federal party policy in #Canada last week, is it time for the #UK to follow suit?#CANZUK #cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #ukpolitics #Brexit 
So let me get this straight... Corbyn supporters are saying that Frank Field was going to be de selected because he voted for Brexit.However same Corbyn supporters seem to ignore that Corbyn has spent his life against the EU...Hmmmm... 
Friday’s Express: Brexit will give us back our borders #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @BBCHelenaLee) 
This is the epitome of hypocrisy. She supported the notion of Mandela and black freedom fighters being terrorists, but now she’s here to negotiate deals with those same terrorists because her brexit is failing. Europeans don’t care about Africa. They just want our wealth 
I’d also like to add that people who are suffering under the Tories  deserve a better opposition -not one mired in scandal, in fighting , Brexit and a/s. They don’t need bullies on the internet helping them out. Win hearts and minds for them .  
No, I’m afraid you were the ladder on which the Tories climbed to Brexit & austerity. The Lib Dems need to come to terms with this  
#RiveraQuitameEsteFrom UK... Putting elected politicians and civic leaders in prison, without trial, for simply holding a referendum - and you think its the yellow ribbons that are the problem!!      
Lets all do the Brexit Bongo   
Reminder: this is a "Labour" MP advocating the complete opposite of Labour party policy on Brexit  
GERMAN banking boss Wolfgang Fink claimed it is a “necessity” to support the European project as he announced Goldman Sachs will be moving hundreds of UK jobs to the continent after Brexit.  
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
Brexit has brought out of the woodwork, ordinary, decent people to protest injustice that would never have been heard before. Brexit is uniting the good people of this country, the exact opposite of its objective. 
Agree 100%. @michaelgove appears to think it’s fine to ride roughshod over ones neighbour’s well managed and sustainable fishing policy. He’d rather use scallops as Brexit battlefield than exercise his modest intellect on a sensible response. Idiot.  
Somewhere over the English Channel... from @TheEconomist #Brexit #Brexiteers #BrexitMadness #Britain 
Brexiters:-Panasonic are lying (why?)-P was going to move anyway & are just blaming Brexit (why?)-UK’s better off without them (it’s not)-Don’t need foreign companies (we do)-Just about profit (yup)-It’s just the HQ (& the tax)-Remainers! (WTF?)Maybe it was Brexit folks?  
Mrs Thatcher, referendum campaign 1975  
Who the fuck does Matt Lucas think he is, calling for a #PeoplesVote? Oh yes, that's right, he is a patriotic citizen who thinks we should all have the right to democratically vote on the final #Brexit deal. Matt is funny and smart, be like Matt demand a #PeoplesVote 
I don't care why you voted to #Leave the #EU in June 2016. If you still support #Brexit knowing everything you know now, then you want to harm the #UK - #StandUp2Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE @RemainingKind @LoubinWally @lunaperla @StopBrexitMarch @acgrayling @MarieAnnUK 
#Brexit ... 'The Parachute' ...  
History has already had a referendum on that logic; we killed fascists for it.  
Burnley taking Brexit seriously 
Explaining brexit to the world via the medium of expressive dance. 
Fishing – in particular ending EU control of UK territorial waters – will be the acid test of Brexit:  
So @AllieRenison will join our panel @QUBelfast tomorrow with hot-off-the-press analysis, along with @FortinusGlobal& @ShankerASingham.We've a full house to discuss #Borders after #Brexit. & yes, #bridges & #backstopsThanks to @QPolAtQueens & @UKandEU 
The wildest faction in British politics are those who think Jeremy Corbyn is a beyond the pale Brexiteer, and are now portraying Frank Field as a principled martyr after he resigned before his party deselected him for voting for Theresa May’s hard Brexit policies. 
The rant, we like our fellow Europeans, its the EU we don't. Brexit for the UK to take back control. 
"Conference has spoken. Labour Policy has changed. We campaign for a People's Vote on the Brexit deal"Support the growing number of CLP's supporting our joint @Remain_Labour contemporary motion before September 13th and hear Jeremy say these words in Liverpool  
Gary’s bored with Brexit so we should just get on with it. Excellent detail from @JasonJHunter about loss of trade with the whole world, but Gary’s not listening.F*ck’s sake.Jason From #3Blokes DEMOLISHES The Govt's "No Deal" #Brexit Advice  via @YouTube 
This thread from @JasonJHunter#Trade #Deals #EU #Brexit #FactsMatter 
There's ANOTHER problem with Brexit for Northern Ireland:If Northern Ireland leaves the Single Market, differences in laws would mean needing a hard border to check goods. Belfast AgreementBut if it stays in, it won't have MEPs! So it would have no control over its laws.  
Remainers yearn for a new centrist party, but it'll come too late to stop Brexit 
VIDEO: Greens and Socialists in panic mode as @UKIP MEP Stuart Agnew (Rapporteur) decimates EU's Climate Action programme  #UKIP #Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial @BrexitCentral 
I knew a while ago, stopped voting Labour after Indy 14. The overall way even Scottish Labour trashed and belittled our country was discussing. Gordon Brown’s speech  and the Vow I believe stole a win. I lost heart for a long time but believe Indy will come after Brexit 
Imagine the UK if the referendum hadn’t been held. I know, right? 
Some proper Brexit analysis, NOT on British tv of course. #Panasonic #BrexitCatastrophe  
There are few things in life so soul-satisfying as reading @JamesDelingpole when he's in full ranty mode. Here he is on Brexit. Read and enjoy.   
1. Understaff the NHS over many years. 2. Destroy staff morale so more leave. 3. Add in Brexit which pushes more away.4. Leave waiting lists to grow ++5. Tell patients private is the answer.6. You have the creation of a 2-tier NHS.  
"Demands"... He "demands" democracy be ignored, and "demands" that the Referendum be repeated until the result he wants be given...We all know what he thinks of people with different political opinions...  
#Cornwall has eight beautiful Blue Flag beaches.Every time we see the Blue Flag symbol, we're reminded of the environmental benefits that EU membership has brought us, and of why we're fighting for a #PeoplesVote on any final #Brexit deal.  
Oh dear. It seems the main political parties do not support applications from Brexiteers. There’s always #UKIP, we all support #Brexit 
BREXIT BOOM: New figures reveal UK is the TOP destination for foreign investment in Europe  
The same people who lobbied for Brexit lobbied to STOP ALL international aid and to bring ALL immigration down to tens of thousands . Don’t be taken in . This isn’t great leadership , this is desperation to ensure their right wing coup , Brexit , at all costs . #StopBrexit 
As an independent it's a sure thing that #FrankField  will be voting for a no deal Brexit. 
Delingpole: Brexit Is Going to Happen, Whatever the Experts Say…   
Yesterday, I walked past a Wetherspoons pub and heard a man say brexit is a good thing. When is the government going to step in and demand that the owners of bars and restaurants ensure that problematic conversations which take place within their establishments are regulated? 
Bollocks to brexit sticker on display loud and proud. Available from  all profits go back in to remain. 
Denmark is setting up a rainy-day fund in case it has to pay more because of a no-deal Brexit  
Theresa May's silence on Brexit success leads to one conclusion.A damning report from .#skynews 
I had assumed the Brexit readiness fund was for ensuring we didn’t fall apart on exit day, not for Britain to behave like a middle-aged man splashing out on a sports car.  
Panasonic says Brexit is the reason for moving its European headquarters out of the UK — a move that is expected to speed up plans for hundreds of other Japanese companies thinking of doing the same.  
Brexit: The British prime minister - uniquely in history - is pursuing a cardinal policy in which not only does she not believe, but that she thinks could do her nation harm.  
THE #BREXIT EPIC. @DominicRaab and @MichelBarnier to spend SIX hours together tomorrow in Brussels, including two hours for lunch. 
Kate, we’ve spoken to many fantastically enterprising small business owners in Vauxhall. With almost no exception they tell us that Brexit will limit their opportunities or even threaten their viability. Some have already packed up shop. What are you doing to help them? 
The minds behind Brexit are the same who accepted the Holocaust. Racists, white supremacists, dumb-as-pigshit arseholes ... And they're all over Europe. Please don't let them destroy our continent again.  
Are people feeling "Bregret" after Brexit?Listen to @chrislhayes discuss the role of racial grievances from the U.K. to the U.S. with British journalist @mehdirhasan on the 'Why Is This Happening?' podcast. #WITHpod Full transcript here:  
Hi @guardian I fixed your headline that takes Frank Field's word rather than subjecting him to any critical scrutiny. We all know he's quitting over his Brexit betrayal & using anti-Semitism as a smokescreen. He accused a Jewish person of implementing Nazi policy in 1993 FFS!  
Meanwhile, on the ‘despite #Brexit’ front....Check out which basket case economy is lagging, and which business superpower is leading the quarter’s earnings projections??  
While the Prime Minister is busy trying to drum up trade outside the EU, Brexit fears have led to the electronics giant Panasonic becoming the latest multinational company to announce it will move its European HQ out of the UK.@siobhankennedy4 reports. 
Get your head out of the #FBPE echo chamber, stop repeating their lies, and look at the actual parliamentary votes.Labour have opposed the Tories on practically every Brexit vote, including the one to prevent a "no deal" catastrophe that was sabotaged by Frank Field & Kate Hoey 
.@Colin_J_Clark says "Alex Salmond is trying to cloud the issue by resigning from the SNP…"  I think you mean he has caught you on the wrong foot and taken the wind out of your sails.PS As my MP please explain exactly how #BREXIT will benefit me and my family? 
Barnier: "British politicians need to take responsibility for their decisions. Brexit creates problems for Northern Ireland... I am certain that if we want to find a solution... we can find a solution"  
Brexit on Dragon's Den:We want £100 billion for 2% of a fantastic free trade company.Wow, that's a lot, you must have great numbers?No, we have none.Show us your business plan. Don't have one.When do we get paid back? Not before 50 yrs.Clients? Just pissed off the largest. 
The bio;"If someone tell you they still support #brexit just laugh they are insane and might become violent. Take back control from brexit fanatics and remain in the EU"The tweet.Now ask me again why I will never ever change my mind.If I was remain I'd be embarrassed.  
"People who believe most passionately in his vision also believe in solidarity across borders, transnational solutions to global problems, and also not committing a giant act of national self-sabotage"Brexit is a far right project @jeremycorbyn. Resist. 
For those that claim the north has no voice in Brexit negotiations. Here is what David Davis thought the Ex British negotiator, who hadn’t ‘foreseen’ our influence.  
UK satnav rival plans to launch as #Brexit bars it from EU’s Galileo.  Via @ReutersTV 
No amount of do-overs will make the campaigning for leave or remain any more honest.Having another referendum would undermine the democratic process and make any result seem even more illegitimate.  
I actually can’t imagine how much pressure @NicolaSturgeon is being placed under. Brexit, running govt & defending her govt. Much admiration 
If someone had spiked May with truth serum:“Of course we won’t be more prosperous post-Brexit! We’re abandoning our biggest trade partner, wrecking supply chains and we’re ripping up over 700 existing global trade deals and arrangements. We’re completely and utterly fucked!”  
Why are the @BBC framing the departure of Frank Field as to do with antisemitism, he was going to be deselected by his constituency for siding with a tory govt on #Brexit, his voters have suffered under these bastards and he kept them in power, ffs report this #bbcnews #Newsnight 
David here talked about his regret about his 2016 in the comments on one of the posts on our Facebook page.As David says most leave voters are not stupid or racist. He simply wanted more money for NHS.He now sees brexit as a disaster - read his reasons!He's a #RemainerNow 
Civil service specialists dissatisfied with UK handling of Brexit  
Delivering Libdem leaflets- why aren't you backing brexit?- we've a different policy- but people voted for it- they also voted Tory, but there'll be more elections- that's different. We want Sovereignty- if we weren't SOVEREIGN, how could we hold a referendum?*silence*  
€87 million of Spanish taxpayers' money was spent on violently failing to prevent a referendum. Now, a further €544,982 will be spent defending judge Llarena in a civil lawsuit. Remember that Llarena has accused Catalan leaders of misuse of public funds.  
Matt Lucas on why we need a People’s Vote on #Brexit.  
Delingpole on Brexit. Rather a forthright article. "the political elite goes ahead and acts in its own interests while wearing the fig-leaf of democracy""the 'populist' revolutions..are a vital and much-needed correction to decades of democratic deficit" 
Stupid woman shaking her arse about like a prostitute. Looks more like an epileptic fit than a dance. Granite Brexit needed.  
I see the BBC has chickened out of inviting Gina Miller on to discuss Brexit.And who can blame them? If the whole BBC audience were to hear her speak... why, there could be mass panic as they finally understand how they've been conned. 
Bob Moran on power drinks and Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
"We (England) let them (Scotland) vote in our (English EU) Referendum." I rest my case#DissolveTheUnion 
The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the European Union is geared at virtually eliminating tariffs between Canada and the EU.Why on earth then is our government not aiming for a #Brexit deal that is similar but better? 
Number of cars built in UK factories slumped by 11% last month c.f. a year ago. Industry says #Brexit uncertainty is killing investment. Vague African jaunts will not help economy as car firms move production elsewhere post Brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
A senior Swedish government official said the UK remaining part of the EU would be “a good idea” and a hard Brexit “wouldn’t serve anyone”  
Leavers have called the EU a 'dictatorship' and argue that the UK referendum was democratic. Yet, ironically, there was no democracy in the UK  for the #The5Million who are being dictated to by a gov that we can't hold to account 10/ 
The people's vote is NOT a re-run of the 2016 referendum, but a NEW vote based on a NEW set of facts and circumstances. Therefore, it's not necessary to keep the same old franchise as the 2016 opinion poll 6/ 
Fears have returned that Brexit could cause a "domino effect" around the EU, diplomats say  
In the 2016 referendum #The5Million most directly affected were excluded from voting. This must not be allowed to happen again in any new vote that has such a direct impact on our lives. 2/ 
Presidential candidate Peter Casey thinks Ireland should follow #Uk on #brexit and ‘demand’ same terms as Britain get. Ahem. Should be game over for this lack of foresight alone.. #PresidentialElection #dragonsden 
I’ve been busy listening tae the radio today and I’ve just heard an “ex-pat” living oot in the Algarve havering oan aboot how he wanted a nae-deal Brexit tae halt the immigrants. Ladies and gentlemen, that’s whaur we are at richt noo. Peak level moronity oan display. 
I never liked Frank Field's politics but they were a legit part of Labour's tradition. Whip should have been withdrawn for one reason: saving May's govt over Brexit 1/~ 
No Brexit divorce bill without a trade deal, Dominic Raab tells peers  
These eloquent, brilliant kids are fighting against Brexit in Northern Ireland because they’re genuinely scared for their future. Brexit is going to affect their lives in a very real and potentially frightening way. Please watch and donate to their campaign.  
Owen Jones on how Frank Field angered his CLP:-He voted with Tories on Brexit, propping them up, and was about to be deselected.-He spoke of standing down in 2015 to become an independent-He described Thatcher as a hero, & wrote an article admiring Enoch Powell..@OwenJones84 
You can’t trust a word the remainer establishment say. During the Referendum they scaremongered Brexit meant an immediate recession with up to 800,000 jobs lost. Instead the UK economy grew every quarter & unemployment is 300,000 lower. Scaremongering has begun again over no deal  
The emerging corollary to ‘Everything was fine until Brexit’ seems to be ‘Frank Field was fine until Brexit’. And, well, no. 
That’s one way of preventing Brexit, I guess.  
Theresa May spouting drivel intended to mislead. There is absolutely no evidence that #Brexit  in any form will increase British exports, and there is plenty of evidence indicating that it will have a negative impact on our exports. #Leavelies #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Some notable omissions from Pienaar's report on Frank Field, like his voting with the Tories on a crucial Brexit vote and the fact he was facing deselection by his local party anyway. #bbcnews 
if your MP doesn't reply to your emails about Brexit, or just sends back some absolute nonsense in response like mine did, consider following my example & call them out in your local paper  #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
Barrister Julien Fouchet @eu27k is taking the Shindler case to the ECJ and is trying to raise awareness among the EU 27 that brexit is illegal.  Please follow him and RT.  
Former SAS chief warns of #Brexit hazards (a ‘major security concern') and calls for fresh #Referendum :  
We are happy @Remain_Labour HQ, as @HendonLabour becomes the latest local party to pass a contemporary motion for #Lab18. It  calls on the party to change party policy on #Brexit and back a #PeoplesVote.Great work guys  
Frank Field resigning the Labour whip? I thought he left Labour years ago, he's a right wing Tory. Disagree? Explain hard Brexit, explain the austerity love, explain the anti-immigrant rhetoric...  
The absolute mendacity of the Labour right-wing mob is so obvious. They pretend to oppose Brexit to attack Corbyn ... but then when the Tory Brexit enabler Frank Field quits the Labour whip they use that issue to attack Jeremy Corbyn too!Outrageously shameless people. 
Tonight the BBC is exploring the growth of the far right in Germany. Another distraction from analysis of politics at home. It used to be don’t mention the German’s now it’s don’t mention the Russians. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
What on earth are the @BBC playing at!!!MANDRAKE: BBC uninvites Gina Miller from commenting on no-deal Brexit papers#FinalSay #UKEUChallenge 
MEET THE NI TEAM 1/5Arón Hughes (16yrs). I’m sixteen and I can’t vote, this is what fires me up about Brexit, I should have a say in something that will effect my future. I live in…  
1. Labour right-wingers slam Jeremy Corbyn for 'not opposing Brexit' 2. JC opposes Tory Brexit but is betrayed by Frank Field voting with the Tories3. FF quits Labour to evade disciplinary over siding with the Tories4. Labour right-wingers use FF quitting to attack JC! 
Named and shamed: the three top Labour people blocking a Brexit re-think. Tell me it ain’t so, @EmilyThornberry 
If anyone assassinated Frank Field's character it was the man himself (see video). He's quitting before he's pushed (for supporting Theresa May's hard-Brexit power grab when the rest of Labour opposed it). You know that. Everyone knows that. 
“Advocates of hard Brexit, such as [Rees-Mogg and Johnson], are deep into reality denial. They drink the Kool-Aid of Daily Mail confirmation bias. Nothing I have heard or read since 2016 explains how hard Brexit is remotely in Britain’s interest” 
Time to kick off 2019 and make our New Year's resolutions! Finding balance doesn’t have to be so dramatic! With @ICBINotButter, we cut the food drama, not the taste! #SpreadNoDrama #ad  
#RiveraQuitameEsteIt referes to @Albert_Rivera who leads a fascist & polarizing movement that removes democratic yellow ribbons in #Catalonia that ask for the release of Catalan Political PrisonersCatalonia wants #Democracy & #referendum for #independence from #SpainPlease RT 
She talks repeatedly of the "opportunities" of Brexit, of executing "the will of the British people" but she can never bring herself to confirm that she believes Brexit will make Britain better - or even that it is a good idea  
I am totally against Frank Field on Brexit, but admire his stance on anti semitism. @UKLabour is now almost a Nazi Party. Stop it now. 
 Whoops! The BBC mistakenly nearly gets someone on to talk about Brexit who’s got her head around the subject.  
If the #Brexit referendum had allowed EU27 nationals and 16-17 year olds to vote as did the scottish independence referendum of 2014 then Remain would have easily won. The purported #Brexit mandate was obtained by a deeply unjust rigging of the electoral franchise.#PeoplesVote 
Strange how the BBC withdraws invites of @thatginamiller  and @JasonJHunter both knowledgeable experts in their fields and outspoken critics of BREXIT.Could it be timidity towards the budget-payer stifling the promulgation of the #FACTS? 
Have been invited to write an article  for the 'Church Times' on the toxic theology that underpinned Brexit - an  Unholy trinity of White privilege  conservative politics and English exceptionalism. 
In the end Brexit will refine politics in the UK  
As the forces of soft Brexit prepare for the end game, mad Brexit is what cabinet Brexiters are seeking to sanitise, at a staggering cost of a reported £3bn in administration alone.Nobody voted for this Brexit, did they?#BrexitShambles #UKEUChallenge 
The Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland paid almost £2000 to Alistair McConnachie for "social media services" during the referendum, according to official spending returns.McConnachie was barred from Ukip for saying he did not accept that the Nazis used gas chambers at Auschwitz.  
I would completely agree with you.....we should all be concerned about the effect of Brexit and that means the effect on those around us not just ourselves.We must tell our MPs how we feel to empower them @peoplesvote_uk 
Right who thinks Brexit is a pile of shit and wants to win a pair of our fabulous men’s or women’s pyjamas? If you can answer yes to both these things then like, retweet and it COULD BE YOU!  pic.twitter.com/QNcNzgpZpS 
Cancel that tweet about the Holiday Inn.... there are some politicians for me to hassle having a Brexit event just down the road.... guess where I'll be from 7pm this evening.  Thank you @Xtoph1 for the heads up on this. .. 
Also if you’re going to have a go at Field for voting with the Tory government on Brexit, why not also criticise Jeremy Corbyn for doing the same last year?  
We saw a 24% increase in new Duolingo users in the UK after Brexit. Has Brexit encouraged you to learn new languages?  
Great to see the new #peoplesvote group in South West Hertfordshire get in their local paper. Like dozens of other local groups across the country they have been out talking to their community about Brexit and the need for a People's Vote.  
Frank Field recently voted with the Tories to prevent Britain joining a post-EU customs union, and says he supports a hard #Brexit on the grounds of the British people's "sense of destiny".It's astonishing that he still had the Labour whip. 
3. Let's say they've somehow scrimped & saved all this money.Putting that cash in Scotland makes no sense—Trump's Scottish golf courses lose millions despite him sinking crazy amounts in them. Golf is in decline in Scotland & the local property market is dependent on Brexit & oil 
'Panasonic becomes the largest non-financial Japanese company to link a move out of the UK directly with Brexit and the move is expected to accelerate plans by hundreds of other Japanese companies to Brexit-proof their businesses before March 2019.' 
Carl: it was deleted because I wasn't clear on my meaning which was Frank Field has betrayed the ethos of Labour 1945 with his hard Brexit stance, natavism, and down right belligerence to migrants. Ta for being part of the twitter soviet watch police on my tweets. Harry  
Healthy enamel is the foundation for whiter, brighter teeth. So watch out for the acids in sparkling water, and use Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste to keep teeth looking and feeling their best. @PopSugar 
Headline frames this as part of 'anti-semitism row' (which suits Frank Field).Third par reads: "A month ago he lost a confidence vote in his constituency party after siding with the government in Brexit votes."Dear BBC, why wasn't the latter the headline? 
Man who voted against Labour on Brexit and who faces deselection from Labour in surprise resignation from Labour. #FrankField 
Whether Arron Banks will or won’t join Conservative party misses point that UKIP did a reverse takeover of the party membership years agoOnly question now is whether Tory wets, personified by @TomTugendhat, vote through Brexit on instructions of Banks & Farage. Sheep so far 
It is perfectly true that Frank Field has cited the antisemitism argument in the Labour Party as one of his first reasons for quitting, but it is also true that he was probably facing a deselection battle after voting with Theresa May on Brexit 
I disagree with him on Brexit but @frankfieldteam has always been one of the most principled MPs and his decision to quit Labour is in keeping with that. The hatred and venom he’ll now receive will only prove his point about the “culture of nastiness” that has taken over. 
The LADYBIRD BOOK of spinning #brexit yarns  
Well we have no idea when the election is, Arieh, but he has still spared himself the ignominy of deselection over Brexit by opting for martyrdom instead 
Frank Field has repeatedly wrote for the S*n and has repeatedly praised Thatcher despite representing an area of Merseyside.He was facing deselection from his CLP over his propping up of the Tories Hard Brexit.Very few of us in Merseyside Labour will miss him that’s for sure. 
French state health body says British pensioners' rights end on #Brexit Day  pic.twitter.com/p2xJdhN2D6 
Brexit supporters are not welcome in the Labour Party  
Frank Field, a longtime critic of Corbyn, has resigned the Labour whip. He has consistently voted with the Tories on key issues recently, especially on Brexit. This isn't about antisemitism at all, regardless of what he says. 
#Cyprus FM @Christodulides is taking part at the informal meeting of EU Foreign Ministers in Vienna under @EU2018AT. In the margins, he also met his British counterpart @Jeremy_Hunt, with whom they exchanged views on the Cyprus problem and #Brexit. #Gymnich continues tomorrow. 
Bothered by Brexit? We have just announced two new events in Birmingham and Bradford!See more details here  and like us on Facebook to stay up to date on all our events!Birmingham: Bradford:  
A sneak peek at what's coming up in October on State of Wales, as well as giving you a bloody good reason to pay close attention to Brexit #Wales #IndyWales #Annibyniaeth 
- Brexit- UK & EU continued partnership- Trans-Atlantic relationship Foreign Secretary @Jeremy_Hunt spoke to media ahead of a meeting with his Eurpoean counterparts in Vienna. #FAC #Gymnich 
Sir James Dyson has urged the Government to be bold on Brexit or squander a unique chance to “supercharge” the economy“It would be unforgivable if the Government does not grab this opportunity with both hands”#StandUp4Brexit 
No Deal is the only way to make sure Brexit happens. Every deal now on the table would entail selling short democracy and sovereignty in the UK in exchange for the neocolonial rule of the EU, writes Mick Hume  
This argument is long overdue. The tragic situation in Greece is evidence for the weaknesses in the design of the Euro and the unfortunate number of people who vote for neoliberal parties right across Europe. It is not an argument for Brexit.#Lexit 
Summary:1. I'm sick of Leavers using Greece to justify Hard Brexit.2. After all, Greece's plight is due to being in the Eurozone, not the EU.3. Which Remainers said Britain must join to avoid economic disaster.4. [Awkward...don't mention that! - Editor.]5. That's all, folks!  
I want to know where exactly all these "global opportunities" are, and how they will work better than what we have now. Please tell me which countries we'll trade with MORE than now, and why, if Brexit happens. If you say "tariffs", say which goods tariffs need to change on. 
The 2019 elections will be a referendum between our past and our future; between the same old change and a New hope, the old and the young, politics and good governance, joblessness and jobs, between politicians and nation builders and between experience and expertise. 
Panasonic blames Brexit for moving European headquarters (contains quote from me)  via @FT 
What does the EU ever do for us? Well here's 8 things just since the #Brexit vote in 2016. 
Duolingo saw a 24% increase in new user sign-ups in the UK because of Brexit!  
As time is running out and the dreams of Brexit dissipate into a nightmare, @DrPhillipLeeMP speaks out for the interests of the country and his constituents. We need more time to avoid a #NoDealBrexit and the people deserve a #FinalSay on whether this is what they truly wanted. 
So older Brits are returning as younger Brits leave. What a great, grey future for Brexit UK!  
The man who predicted the #Brexit negotiations would be the “easiest in human history” now insists he shouldn’t be blamed if there isn’t a deal  
Message to Peter Bone:Stop bullying civil servants who are doing an impossible job with Brexit.It is you who doesn't give a damn about the the people of this country apart from your chosen few.The civil servants are trying to help, you are an arrogant nuisance, nothing more.  
What Dyson means is, “After Brexit I will no longer need to obey EU rules about wages & hours or environmental protection. I’ll be able to hire and fire at will.” 
"#Brexit is a catastrophic disaster"RT after you Vote. 
Have you ever seen a correspondent with an elephant before?! @lewis_goodall tries to address the #Brexit  in the room, asking the PM whether the UK will be better off after we leave the EU, in a testy exchange in Kenya. For more, head here:  
"In hindsight, was Britain right or wrong to vote to leave the EU"By region#Brexit  
We’ve undergone 8 years of austerity, on the proviso that the state has overspent. That has been the Tory mantra since May 2010.But we now have, suddenly, access to excess capital to duplicate spending on items we’ve already spent on?Inherently illogical.#Brexit  
Opinion: I'm Greek – stop using my country to justify your self-harming Brexit  
Okay so whats your views on Brexit? — Yeah it’s a bit of sticky one still  
EXCLUSIVE:UK government’s draft post-Brexit trade papers found in charity book shop...  
"To set aside six weeks’ worth of vital medicines to avoid supply disruptions in the event of a no-deal Brexit could cost up to £2bn"Didn't see that on the side of a big red bus...  
The way Brexit is turning out poses a real danger to our country and Bracknell in particular. This is one of the reasons I’ve spoken out. When real people lose real jobs this is not Project Fear, this is reality. #SuspendA50 & get people’s #InformedConsent 
Hey @Theresa_May the EU referendum is a crime scene... WTF do you think you're doing?  
Panasonic is reportedly moving its HQ from London because it fears the capital will no longer be a suitable tax base after Brexit  
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
'I'm Greek – stop using my country to justify your self-harming Brexit'  
run the Presidential Age Referendum again but this time let us vote to change the rules so that no one *over* the age of 35 can run for president 
'I'm Greek and I'm sick of my country being used by Leave supporters to justify their self-harming Brexit'  
If you haven’t already, please follow @StandUp4Brexit and please make sure you’re asking your MP to respect the referendum and to #StandUp4Brexit This campaign will save more than Brexit, it’ll save the U.K. from Marxism! So please get involved and back it. 
It's looking increasingly as though Brexit is simply about spending £millions to recreate (some of) what we already have, just so we can say that we "respected" the fraudulent referendum.This seems wrong to me.Please RT if you agree. 
The essence of Brexit - reconstructing what we have now, not quite as good and at unnecessary expense. 
Brexit is now almost entirely about how much money we will lose & how much of what we already had we will be able to keep. The Africa trip has brought this sad fact in to particularly sharp focus. (That’s why today’s ‘big’ mid-trip story is about energy drinks.)  
After the whooping blockbuster:“Brexit negotiations will be the easiest in human history”Here it comes its long-awaited sequel:“Don’t blame me if there isn’t a deal” 
"Scotch whisky will be promoted as a flagship British brand in efforts to  build new international trade links after Brexit, the UK government has  confirmed". The Times. <bitter laughs> pic.twitter.com/qZW7fKc3hH 
What’s the plan for keeping services in this country post Brexit, Darren? You know, as you admit its importance it would be nice to have some kind of plan... 
Couldn’t agree more with Sec. @LiamFox!  As we have seen this week, President Trump is serious about trade, and we want to do a great trade deal with the UK post #Brexit!  
Denmark is setting aside $110 million to cover extra EU payments in case there's no Brexit deal  
WATCH | The President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta confirms that his country will seek even deeper ties with the UK after Brexit. Ditch Little Europeanism & develop relationships on EVERY continent!Watch the full clip at Support us at  
‘Brexodus from Spain as thousands of British immigrants quit over weak pound’“My mother has lost €160 a month in her pension since the Brexit referendum because of the devaluation of the pound. Now her pension is €690.” 
Wonderful. Another #Brexit boondoggle, to go with our satnav vanity project. Will there be anything left in the budget for real defence, rather than repairing Brexit-related damage?  
Absolutely correct Shahmir. Also it is no coincidence Craig Mackinlay was part of the forerunner of #VoteLeave. 'Conservatives for Britain' set up by Matthew Elliott in June '15, CfB was headed by co-chairs Campbell Bannerman and Steve Baker (of course Steve Baker!) #BrexitScam 
So if the Swedish elections let the Nazis in (and it's looking likely), there'll be another plot twist to my #Brexit nightmare. 
...Because this IS THE question! - Why can't you give THE clear straight answer Mrs May - "No we'll all be worse off, apart from disaster capitalists who've already hedged sterling & plan to buy Brexit-distressed businesses!" 
So shocked. 2 Scousers living in Spain for 10 months of the year, vote Tory and believe in brexit and said it'll be better for my kids. I could barely hold my tongue! But had to as I was in work! 
#Brexit: another company leaves..... 
The sun will literally go out because of #Brexit. The world will be covered in ice, except for lands around the equator. The population of the EU will have to migrate to central Africa. Won't that annoy the far-right! The clogs are on the other feet now. 
Brexit once again fails Labour's "not a single job lost" test. Over to you @jeremycorbyn... 
Dear Andargachew: I have full respect on you but ur statements on LTV show regarding #ERITREA referendum were completely irresponsible & undermined our 30 yrs struggle 4independence. Why are u trying TPLF was as a deal maker & a pusher? These stmnts are false. #AG7 #Andargachew 
You don't get it, Jonathan. Brexit has become a faith-based project with no regard for facts, figures or reality, instead relying on the belief that if we build it they will come 
Foreign investors ditch UK bonds over hard Brexit fears  
NEWS! Britain to hold referendum on whether to kill John Wick’s dog  
Channel 4’s coverage of young activists being used by political parties as agents is an important and crucial part of this story. One only needs to look at the Thanet scandal with Craig Mackinlay among other Tory campaigns to realise the gravity of this malicious behaviour. 
So... instead of “ better” we have those inside the NHS who believe #Brexit threatens the NHS service and provision of care. No one voted for that surely?  
RESULT: Kenyan President serves up yet another boost for Brexit Britain.“I don’t see Brexit meaning anything detrimental towards the strong trade ties that we already have and I have said we are actually seeking to boost that going forward.” 
I was under 18 at the time of the EU referendum. I would’ve voted out. ‘They’ do not all want what you want. You do not speak for me, so do not claim you do. 
Folks, I'm in Scotland with my day job and will be in the bar of the Holiday Inn near Edinburgh Zoo from 6-9pm this evening.If you want to swing by and have a natter about #Brexit  with the middle guy from #3Blokesinapub them come say hi. 
It was a pleasure to meet with my colleague @Jeremy_Hunt in #Vienna to discuss bilateral relations between #Belgium & #UK, #Brexit and international issues such as #DRC and cooperation in #UNSC  
I keep hearing anti-Brexit people say this about Dyson.Dyson employs 3,500 people, including technicians & scientists in the UK, increasing funding to further develop products.  That's where the benefit is. Training tomorrows engineers & entrepreneurs.  
"No matter how bad her zombie shuffle dance was @theresa_may won't be able to expunge the record of Britain in Africa" says @georgegalloway who talks to @RT_America's @Natashasweatte after Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK says #Brexit will result in more debt.  
Panasonic latest Japanese HQ to leave sinking Brexit ship with 800 Japanese companies & 100,000 jobs at risk #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote  
Friends! Let's be clear!Brexit is not about Our EU - it's not even about Britain!It's about the rise of the Far-Right - e.g. Kate Hoey - and the march to Fascism, i.e. free speech and self-government!Farage is worse than Hitler, because not even Hitler held Brexit rallies.  
Theresa May again refuses to say if UK will be better off post-Brexit  
This is Houston’s bathroom referendum all over again and national orgs are dropping the ball again.Unacceptable. 
Brexit shambles has turned me from Leave to Remain  
Like hell, this is Massachusetts. If they can win this referendum in Massachusetts to yank away trans rights, where else can they win?Everywhere!You don’t think they’ll do that? 
Where are the national LBGTQ orgs on this referendum? 
This Monday, @women4PV will launch - raising the voices of women from a range of backgrounds calling for a #PeoplesVote. The EU protects women’s rights and that’s why @xrosiemckennax wants a People’s Vote on the final Brexit Deal. #W4PV#FFS 
Yet another company moving out of the UK because of Brexit. Will there be any left by the time March comes around?  
The UK is facing the perfect stormA corrupt and an incompetent government hell bent on BrexitAn incredibly dim Corbyn as leader of opposition also hell bent on BrexitIt’s down to us activists and a few Lib Dem to #StopBrexit 
#bbcnews at One headlined May refusing to say UK would be better off after #Brexit but then their reporter Ben Wright in Kenya didn't mention that at all in his live report, instead saying she was 'upbeat'. 
Blaming social media for political polarisation seems odd when the average Brexit voter is too old to know what Twitter is, and when most Trump supporters prefer talk radio to meme culture 
“The malevolent & spiteful approach of the EU to Brexit negotiations should convince still more people that we were absolutely right to leave...Those were the reasons I & more than 17 million others voted Out. In that People’s Vote we had, two years ago”  
Leading entrepreneur and inventor, Sir James Dyson: "if we embrace it, Brexit can supercharge British technology and refocus minds on global trade." 
The people of Kendall, South Dade, Homestead, and Florida City have long been promised rail expansion; first at the passage of the half-cent referendum, then during the political campaigns of numerous local elected officials, and finally with the approval of the Smart Plan. 
Stephen voted leave but he changed his mind sometime ago & is a passionate #remainernow.He's concerned Brexit will have huge economic ramifications & that it will also lead to the break up of the UK.Respect to @stephen501 for recording a video.Let's get that #PeoplesVote 
The break-up of the UK comes another step closer:“We are willing to work with the Commission to tease out the idea of representation for the north.”Sinn Fein demands EU representation ‘from Derry to Kerry’ post-Brexit  
Nobody who voted "to leave the EU" knew what that meant. Govt still doesn't know, 2 years on.It's entirely democratic to have a 3 option referendum with preferential voting between 1 Crash Out, 2 whatever-the-Tories-come-up-with, and 3 Remain when we know the terms of option 2.  
"To me it’s not about the 48% or the 52%, it’s about jobs and the living standards of the 100% of UK citizens... A People’s vote on the final deal would be taken with the full knowledge of the evidence. That is what is needed to resolve the Brexit mess.” 
May dodges questions on 'satellite status' and Chequers criticism.The PM asked whether Emmanuel Macron's proposal for the UK to have "satellite status" with the EU is the same as it becoming a "vassal state"May replies that she is implementing the Brexit vote. 
James Dyson’s attack on the government for not being ambitious enough about Brexit retweeted by... Cabinet minister Penny Mordaunt  
Given Corbyn was unable to stomach saying that UK would be better off outside the EU, he must know the catastrophe that #Brexit will bring, yet Labour is failing to acknowledge it, still not listening to the overwhelming number of their voters who voted to reject messy #Brexit 
Confusion about EU Common Fisheries Policy has led to violent clashes in the English Channel off Normandy.TIME believes that, post-Brexit, securing & protecting UK territorial waters, solely for British fishermen, should solve this issue once & for all. 
The (almost) final version of the programme for the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference is now available for download at . Unfortunately the event is sold out, but we are hoping to put on a live stream. Keep watching this space for details. 
Please sign and re-tweet #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
"Theresa May might claim that a no-deal Brexit ‘wouldn’t be the end of the world’, but for families already struggling it will be a hammer blow."  
BOOST: US firms are increasing salaries to attract workers, it’s a good sign for Brexit Britain.Controlled immigration will reduce the influx of cheap labour and drive up wages.  
In terms of the space programme required to actually do this, £92m is just a laughably tiny amount. But paying anything to reinvent a wheel we already helped design, build & pay for demonstrates the absolute and utter folly of Brexit. #bbcnews #Brexit  
Farage should be exposed for what he is a national disgrace. He is responsible for Brexit hell and a complete neglect of his duties. The Fishermen should be chasing him, not the French. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Please support this initiative to maintain our EU citizen status, even if our Government tries to take it away from us. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
WATCH: Stephen backed Brexit in 2016 but is now calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Who says being anti-Brexit doesn’t pay? Yesterday I didn’t know who she was. Now I am downloading like a young’un and telling all and sundry @doddleoddle the best young talent since  
1. The Leave campaign schooled the game.2. Millions of voters were suckered into believing a bunch of lies.3. There’s still no workable plan for Brexit.4. Any deal is significantly worse than the current deal.It’s time to stop this madness before it’s too late. #peoplesvote 
 Corporation tax receipts up 26% since the referendum. More than expected - and more money that can go into public services like our NHS.   
Brexit based on idea of us being some kind of master race that never gets sick and has lots of money stashed abroad   
Germany processing over 25 banking licenses as a result of Brexit: watchdog  
Panasonic is moving its Europe HQ out of the UK ahead of Brexit  
48 hours after Khamenei ordered total ban on talks with US, official agency IRNA publishes interview with former Deputy Interior Minister Tajzadeh who calls for a referendum. "Those who fear referendum know that if we asked the people 80 per cent would urge talks with the US." 
This royal throne of #Brexit, this sceptic isle,This earth of Lese-majesty, this seat of Mars bars,This other country, demi-xenophobic,This fortress built by bricks of shitAusterity and the hand of war,This unhappy breed of men, this little England, pic.twitter.com/LxemObVH9G 
The way markets react quickly to EU commentary on #Brexit, shows weak UK influence. TM stuck - hard Brexit alienates EU and soft Brexit upsets radical right. Better to hold #PeoplesVote and stop the whole thing 
Employers will struggle to fill low-skilled job vacancies after Brexit – study  
Though they won dishonestly at least there is an honesty in the Brextremists’ position - hard Brexit and no to Chequers deal. There is dishonesty in the PM pursuing a path she cannot and will not say is good for the country or even that she would vote for it @peoplesvote_uk 
How is this man still allowed speak on behalf of his constituents? The U.K’s trade with Ireland is worth more than trade his trade with India, Japan, New Zealand and Australia combined. Almost £20 bn a year. This is inflammatory rhetoric and blatantly false. Enough. #Brexit  
"Refusing to show MPs the full damage a no-deal Brexit would inflict on our country makes a mockery of the discredited mantra 'Taking Back Control'." @thomasbrake 
With Panasonic headquarters moving to Amsterdam, no doubt now that @jeremycorbyn will be publicly calling for a people's vote and retracting his support for leaving the single market, since Brexit has undoubtedly now failed his 'not a single job lost' test. Jeremy, over to you... 
We’ve needed a committed Brexiteer as Chancellor all along. Hammond has never believed in leaving the EU and has tried to undermine Brexit at every opportunity.  He needs to be sacked but he is doing May's dirty work for her..  
18/07/16 "[Would you] authorise a nuclear strike that could kill hundreds of thousands of [people]”May: “Yes!"@lewis_goodall 28/08/18: "Given what we know…would you still vote for Brexit?"May: "I don't answer hypothetical questions"  
Dear @faisalislam @Stone_SkyNews @Channel4News @BBCNews @bbclaurak @carolecadwalla @owenbowcott @krishgm @BBCr4today We have news for you:New court challenge against Brexit - Grounds include breaches of Electoral Law.#UKEUChallenge #VotesShouldBeFair 
Yet another major company no longer sees #Brexit Britain as a suitable home  for business. Whether you voted leave or remain no one voted for fewer jobs & less money in their pocket. That's why people need a #finalsayonthedeal & a chance to #exitfrombrexit 
The Tory lie that ‘work pays’ has been exposed - and now struggling families are the ones lined up to take the Brexit fall out. >> This week’s col.  
Those people who are demanding a 2nd EU referendum are out of touch London elites who have no idea what the average Brit thinks..  
The NHS will be a key Brexit battleground this autumn/winter - so this group of filmmakers are crowdfunding for a video "to stop Brexit and save the NHS". Give what you can here  
Michel Barnier warns Brexit talks could still collapse without an agreement  
So ‘conservationist’ Gove is running to the defence of ‘scallop dredging..thought to have the most severe ecological effect of all UK marine fisheries’Does not bode well for sustainable fishing if we #Brexit and the marine environment is in his tender care  
#Leavers. The UK isn't in Schengen. The UK chose not to have the Euro. Your elected MEP gets to vote on EU rules/laws. The UK has a special rebate on its membership fee, but still has full entitlement to ALL the benefits of membership and all EU trade deals. So why #Brexit 
Powerful article by Nick Timothy that Chequers isn’t working and an advanced free trade agreement is the way to deliver Brexit and respect the referendum  
The caller asked what things would be like in 40 years. I said at least we’d only have another 10 years to wait for Rees Mogg’s Brexit benefits! 
Excellent and well-reasoned article Robert Lee believes that the Chequers “coup” has failed. He explains why he believes that a Clean #Brexit – either through a Canada-style agreement or through a “No Deal” – is after all going to happen. 
Thanks to @forthports for letting us visit #GrangemouthDocks - Scotland’s largest container port - to launch the new @ScotGov discussion paper on #Brexit trade issues.  No #Brexit still better than any #Brexit but current @GovUK Trade Bill needs clear response 
I asked the PM one last time if she thought Brexit would make Britain more powerful in the world and better off. Once again- she refused to answer.  
Chequers deal "delivers on the #Brexit vote" and is "good for UK and EU", Theresa May says while on a trip to Kenya 
.@AlbertOwenMP supports giving the public a #PeoplesVote and #finalsay on #Brexit:  
Compelling video - the young people of Northern Ireland, the 'children of the peace process', are arguably the group whose futures are most at risk from Brexit. We should listen to their voices.  
This was the moment when the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the bloc is prepared to offer Britain an unprecedentedly close relationship after it quits the union.  Here's the latest:  
This, not antisemitism, is the real issue with Corbyn - his favouritism towards the genocidal, totalitarian imperialist USSR and its aggressive, anti-democratic kleptocratic successor. He seems to favour Russia and its allies over Western democracies.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Our Europe editor @pmdfoster wrote a piece tackling 10 crucial questions about Brexit. Some furious Brexiteers, who felt they knew far more about Brexit than Peter, demanded to write a rebuttal. Hilariously, their article doesn't answer the 10 questions... 
The Electoral Commission findings, have beyond reasonable doubt, showed that the Leave campaign acted illegally. As such, the EU Referendum result should now be declared null and void. 
Another one bites the dustAnother one bites the dustAnd another one gone, and another one goneAnother one bites the dust#Brexit 
Granite Brexit needed.  
Theresa May once again fails to answer a straight question about whether Brexit will make the UK better off. Because she knows it won't. #PeoplesVote 
President Kenyatta: I don't see Brexit being detrimental to the the strong trade ties we already have, and we are seeking to boost that going forward. #KenyaBritainRelations 
This has been our week in International news. A friend from Europe tells me today Sky news is reporting very positively about Kenya and how important our country is to the UK after brexit  
A new challenge has launched which could stop Brexit. We need as many people to get behind this as possible.Please visit  and share / donate if you can #UKEUChallenge #votesshouldbefair 
Alex Salmond's name has been linked with 5-yr old allegations of sexual impropriety. The LTE has published details of 36 sex pests in tory party including 2 cabinet ministers, yet not one name has been leaked. Strange, no! especially when Brexit is reaching a critical stage 
Prime Minister Theresa May says the UK is committed to duty free and quota free trade with Kenya after Brexit and wants a smooth transition in the trading relationship between the countries 
Hi @Femi_Sorry@UKEUchallenge are asking the High Court to find on two issues that could fundamentally alter the Brexit process.  Check out  and give us a plug please #VotesShouldBeFair #UKEUchallenge 
Now struggling families have a no-deal Brexit to add to their worries | Frances Ryan  
99.5% of the UK economy is not derived from fish or fishing. And yet Farage, the media and Vote Leave are treating the fishing industry like a major Brexit concern. It's utterly ridiculous and rooted in the essential sentimentality of Brexit #ScallopWars 
Sorry guys... False alarm. The solution to the Brexit problem in Northern Ireland is simple. Why didn't I think of that!  
SENSE: Sir James Dyson thinks it’s time the government walked away from Brexit talks. “We’ve offered lots, they’ve offered nothing. Brexit can supercharge British technology and refocus minds on global change.” 
‘The owner of a hairdresser’s assures me that the government would never have offered a referendum if the outcome was going to be disastrous, so it won’t be.’  
Femi makes a very clear point.For Brexit to be legal from the Good Friday Agreement perspective, Northern Ireland would have needed to vote Leave.They didn't.  They voted Remain by 55.8%. Brexit is illegal.Another nail in the coffin of Brexit. 
1. Every day I awaken hoping MPs would just once challenge the validity of a #Brexit that Robs us of Rights & makes us Poorer based on a non-Binding result the votes of only 25.6% of the Ppl, 37% voters & 51.8% of those voting..many of whom now regret it.But no it's the same old 
Some #Leavers #Kippers & #Brextremists argue that it is alright for millions of UK taxpayers, passport holders & the most affected to be excluded from a referendum. We believe in universal suffrage & think it should be one person, one vote. #FBPE #WATON #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
We are a group of young people from NI who don't want to allow Brexit to drag us back into the past #PV 
'A botched Brexit will make life even worse for nurses – and their patients'  
 Daily Briefing: EU must prepare for a 'no-deal' #Brexit - Barnier 
Cordial and constructive meeting with my friend ⁦@peteraltmaier⁩ this morning in Berlin. Positions on #Brexit are fully aligned.  
I'm just a wee woman, someone on my team is alleged to be a bad man, so now I've decided, I'm going to embrace xenophobic, Brexit loving WM.  
To put a bit of perspective on the EU referendum, I'm in my mid 50s and the 2016 EU referendum was the first time in my life that I had an opportunity to express an opinion on the EU through the ballot box.And people are attempting to stop it.Shameful. 
Pound falls after EU's chief negotiator tones down expectations for a Brexit deal  
"Any insecurity or deterioration in relation to Northern Ireland must not happen as a consequence of Brexit... We stand by our position - we have to avoid a hard Border, it is a pivotal issue."  
The cut in corporation tax, from 28 per cent in 2010 to 19 per cent now has created jobs, boosted wages AAAAAAND increased government revenue!Tax receipts have also risen 26 per cent since the EU referendum - far more than expected by a gloomy Treasury!  
When Brexit meets Grindr...   
This is important.There’s no way Commons will be ready to discuss a second referendum in October. So extending #Article50 is almost certainly needed for a #peoplesvote. Oh and this post doesn’t mention the EP elections in May 2019...#brexit  
VIDEO: Trade negotiations with Australia expose EU prejudice against the UK @UKIP MEP William Dartmouth  #UKIP #Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial @BrexitCentral 
Britain will keep back part of the £39 billion divorce bill if we leave without a deal says Brexit Sec @DominicRaab  we should keep the lot 
Could British troops end up fighting in an EU Army commanded from Brussels? Ministers are signing the UK up to EU Defence Union despite Brexit:  #BrexitBetrayal 
WATCH: leading comedians @RealMattLucas, Tracey Ullman, Steve Coogan, @MrAndyParsons, @Aiannucci, @mattforde & @iamjohnoliver all agree that Brexit is no joke. That's why they're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
The UK voted to leave the European Union. That's not an excuse for the Irish to start blowing each other (and us) up again.If individuals commit violent or terrorists acts they should take responsibility for their actions. It is the individuals choice, not Brexit's. 
Be part of history and join this legal challenge by donating - a fiver will do! This challenge gets to the crux of the problem, the referendum was advisory and steeped in fraud. PM decided NOT Parliament which is also *wrong* and *damaging* to our parliamentary system.  
EXCLUSIVE: Our Director, Jayne Adye, responds to the news of Michel Barnier offering the UK a unique partnership with the EU:"Talk of an incredibly close partnership is worrying, it is not what the majority of Brits voted for in the EU referendum." 
The man who predicted the Brexit negotiations would be the “easiest in human history” now insists he shouldn’t be blamed if there isn’t a deal.  
I dedicate my 5,000th tweet, most to #StopBrexit, to the awesome #FBPE movement. Thank you for sharing views, facts, articles & jokes. You've inspired me to write #Brexit protest songs & even gave me poems to set to music.I'll not stop before this madness is over. We can win! 
Fun fact: for my children’s British citizenship application Home Office wrote and said: those kids’ passports they used 10 years ago before Brexit to enter the U.K. that expired 3 years ago... send them to us or your application fails. #BrexitShambles 
People need to stop labelling #EU citizens as either highly-skilled or low-skilled. This is a subtle manipulation technique to justify discrimination and/or segregation. Our worth should not be defined by level of income. #brexit #fbpe pic.twitter.com/5ksgySuKLR 
“The issue of Irish unity is now a matter of almost daily conversation. Despite the negativity of both governments there is growing support for a referendum on unity and for a united Ireland.”- Gerry Adams TD  
Of all the players in the Brexit-saga: the liars, cheats, charlatans, self-servers, cowards & incompetents: Cameron, May, Fox, Davies, Johnson, Gove, Rees-Mogg, Patel, IDS, Farage... if Corbyn's your chosen target to blame... it's because the media has chosen him for you. 
Another day, another departure as Panasonic follows Brexit relocation trend  
As it turns out... BREXIT IS ILLEGALThe Good Friday Agreement is based on Northern Ireland being partly UK and partly Republic of Ireland. ANY change in that balance is illegal.#ThursdayThoughts 
If anything the collective resolve to succeed will become even stronger. The British Establishment is at a low ebb with brexit inspired division and weakness. The time to strike for separation from that unjust and archaic union is now #UseTheMandate #IndyRef2 #BingItOn 
Theresa May is like helmsman who lashes the tiller and says robotically "The people voted to lash the tiller" the rocks are spotted but she repeats, "The people voted to lash the tiller" as rocks get closer and its, "The people voted to lash the tiller" #robot #brexit 
- Macron tells EU leaders to make a deal - Barnier offers 'unique' agreement- May seals first post-Brexit trade deal- Raab says no divorce bill in event of 'no-deal' 
Did you vote leave as were persuaded by Brexit backing politicians like @michaelgove that companies leaving the UK was just project fear. Well . Its fact.Panasonic taking jobs, taxes, an employee spending abroad.Annoyed? Be a #remainernow 
"Panasonic will move its European headquarters from the UK to Amsterdam in October as Brexit approaches"Another one gone due to brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
"Venezuela, Venezuela!!"......"Actually our policies are closer to Scandinavia which is booming""Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela!!! Apocalypse!!".....erm "Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world'"oh... erm.. Vene...zuela?? 
I'm going to put my money where my mouth is and promote this tweet...This is a credible challenge to the legality of the referendum vote, given that the Leave campaign broke the law. But it needs funds - support here:  
Were you thinking about what Brexit would do to the peace process in Northern Ireland when you voted for it?Will your kids for give you for just standing by? You might want to watch this...  #ThursdayThoughts 
You know when you're visiting someone and you prepare to leave then spend an hour by the door chatting? That's where Brexit is at now. 
#projectfear. This clearly is NOT happening. After Brexit Panasonic will open 350,000,000 new factories a month. I saw it on a bus  
Great to see the brilliant @OFOCBrexit go to all corners of the UK, empowering young people wherever they go. Please give generously and help young people across the country fight Brexit and keep us in the EU #NoBrexit Our Future Our Choice NI 
BBC News - Panasonic to move Europe headquarters from UK to Amsterdam - not just tax, but freedom of movement of goods and people post Brexit.  As I said, what Panasonic does, other Japanese companies follow.  
Yet another example of valuable businesses leaving the UK over Brexit, and yet still the Tory Brexiteers dismiss all business warnings. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal.  
The EU is running scared of a WTO Brexit.That is why we should be pushing for a WTO Brexit.  
Government will struggle to fill low-skilled jobs after Brexit without worker exploitation, experts warn  
Bad news for Remainers, who would rather Britain fails than Brexit succeeds.  
1/ There is now indisputable evidence of cheating by the Leave campaign during the Brexit referendum. Please support this important legal challenge to ensure the courts and Prime Minister restore the democratic balance:  
The @Telegraph’s Europe Editor Peter Foster has claimed that no one has answered his key questions on Brexit“In fact, they’ve been answered ad nauseam. Sadly, some people are just not listening” say @JLongworthLML & Iain Duncan Smith#StandUp4Brexit 
#Brexit is not a poker game, @michelbarnier on @DLF, there are only losers. EU  must prepare for no deal. EU leaders have offered unprecedented partnership: FTA, aviation, research, security, foreign policy. EU will protect cornerstones of single market. 
Trump told evangelical leaders to break federal law and openly support him from the pulpit to fight for his fascist crusade of hate and lies. Evangelicals are going along and have turned the November election into a referendum on BOTH Trump and their delusional backward religion. 
In a time when populism & politics are conflating into an increasingly xenophobic, immigrant-bashing sentiment, I just want to say that I feel immensely proud to live in a Scotland led by @NicolaSturgeon, whose speech on the day of the Brexit referendum result I'll never forget. 
Harvesting scallops using industrial-scale scraping off the Normandie coast, under the noses of French fishermen abiding by a conservation policy, is childishly totemic for Brexit promoters. I'm with les pêcheurs on this one. 
"This is not looking great. Which is why I'm supporting a #PeoplesVote"MUST-WATCH: leading comedian @RealMattLucas demands a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Voted for Brexit.... NaziCannot stand Sadiq Khan... NaziVote Tory ... NaziBlimey , half of Britain must be Nazi’s 
So now we know why Macron suddenly wants a ‘close deal’ with the UK, so French fishermen can have continued access to UK fishing waters after Brexit. No doubt May will happily comply.  We need to reclaim all UK fishing waters..  
We refuse to be ignored any longer. We will not let our communities be dragged backwards by Brexit. We're standing up for our futures and launching this campaign. PLEASE SUPPORT US IF YOU CAN:  If not, please RT!! - @OFOCNI #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
BREXIT LIVE: Macron in astonishing U-turn as he urges EU to ensure CLOSER link with UK Not sure how much you can trust Macron or the EU poodles.If they offer us a good deal I expect they will be looking At forcing our hand on immigration. 
Strong vision & leadership for post Brexit Britain by Sir James Dyson. “We are ambitious for our future, so we are pressing ahead under our own steam. Let’s be bold and show a spirit of independence, enterprise and optimism.”  
A simple destruction of a main brexiteer argument, thank you @JasonJHunter. Don't forget, the Gvt know all this. Brexit is a betrayal of our interests so that the Tories can keep a grip on power. As for Corbyn, he wants to be in their position to do the exact same thing. #FBPE 
Damn that far-right Dyson, spending and investing money in the UK. Doesn't he know #Brexit was voted for by racists? He is literally supporting fascism. 
Do you respect the referendum? If not help @UKEUchallenge to have it declared invalid in the High Court.  via @CrowdJustice #StopBrexit 
Some very breathless reporting/reading of @MichelBarnier remarks y'day. So what is happening on #Brexit? Some thoughts on talking with both sides. 1/Thread 
This man's government and his employer have told him that everything will be fine. Politicians he trusted told him that voting for Brexit would be good.Let's get off our high horses and actually help. 
Barnier on EU concessions in Brexit talks: "It can not be built to the detriment of who we are... We have to preserve and protect what makes us." Nothing has changed.  
I'd been intending to register as an Irish citizen for well over a decade, but it was Brexit that gave me the nudge to actually get round to doing it. I'm feeling extremely pleased and proud today. Now for the passport application   
Trade-off between calories & contentment is over! Cornbread cobbler made w/ @Icbinotbutter means less calories, saturated fat, and reasons to deny yourself what you love #spreadnodrama #ad  
 more  bad news from brexit - brexit offers no tangible benefits 
Great that Kings College have a Pro-EU group - can we have one in every major university please - we are into the last two months of the Anti Brexit campaign- the time for action is now @AmandaCC92 @Femi_Sorry @Will_DryOFOC @ShakiraSweet1 @eloisetodd #FBPE 
The European Union’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says the bloc must prepare for a 'no-deal' #Brexit  
‘A duty to abide by the referendum’ - is that the lying, cheating, crime-infected referendum that delivered 37% of a deliberately restricted electorate for Leave?  
Bonjour! Brexit prompts surge in Britons learning languages  
I’m Italian and have been living in the UK since 2001. I own my flat and have a permanent job. Last week my company advised me to apply for permanent residence as they didn’t want to have to justify my employment after Brexit. I work in Finance and I am a qualified lawyer, too. 
My take on current state of Brexit negotiations: Confusion, contradiction and ignorance driving UK towards no deal Brexit, argues senior Conservative MEP (@ParliMag)  
They know we've all had enough of Appeaser May and it's likely she'll be replaced by no deal Brexit supporters. Panic stations.. 
James Dyson urges Theresa May to be “bold” and “embrace” #Brexit “It would be unforgivable if the Government does not grab this opportunity with both hands“If we embrace it, Brexit can supercharge British technology and refocus minds on global trade” 
Leavers say that after Brexit "We" will be able to choose who comes into the country. How will that work then? Will someone knock on your door to ask if you're happy with 1000's of Nigerians moving in? No chance! The government will decide - Just like they do now. 
But don't worry...Multinational corporations like Dyson with factories outside Europe, they'll be just fine. That's what matters. Those are the businesses people voted Brexit to help... 
How dare he! "Billionaire inventor and Brexit backer" James Dyson to invest £200m in electric cars. Despite Brexit. You can almost smell the Grauniad's fury in this piece.  
BBC invites @thatginamiller to talk no-deal Brexit papers, recalls she knows what she’s talking about, uninvites her  
Those who voted for Brexit (age aside) were always going to be the worst affected.#TuesdayThoughts 
What is it about the Presidency that attracts nutters? The latest possible candidate thinks Brexit will be a "yawn" and that abortion is used as contraception. I don't think Michael D need worry. 
Many british people were denied a vote in the referendum as were EU nationals resident in the UK for many years. They were the ones most affected by the vote and the most to lose so it does seem like an injustice that they couldn't express their opinion. 
May’s catastrophic approach to Brexit negotiations has seen her government move from “no deal is better than a bad deal” to a disastrous “any deal is better than no deal” approach. We must fight against this madness with all our might.   
Tory MPs welcome new Brexiteer members, dismiss Remoaner hysteria.@halfon4harlowMP: “If some Brexit people decide to join because they believe that this party is going to keep the referendum promise – well, I’m delighted.”  
Lol the way Theresa May is dancing around Africa looking for post-brexit partnernships makes me think she's gonna sell them arms 
“Brexit poses an ‘immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care’ for patients in the UK” Really strong words from @theRCN as they come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
EU's Barnier says must prepare for a 'no-deal' Brexit  
My red line for Brexit is that former MEP’s can only retain their EU pensions if their nation is still a member state of the EU. Basically, a move to take Farage’s pension away. 
Brendan Howlin is full of it. Labour were explicitly NOT calling for a referendum ten years ago. @sanzscript 
Mrs May told @SkyNews: "We're not in the business of having a 2nd referendum on Brexit. What we're in the business of doing is delivering Brexit so, what somebody would vote for today is not the issue" So Mrs May can change her mind but no-one else can - roll on totalitarianism! 
All products legally made in the UK are automatically legal across Europe.That's what the Single Market means. So what does Brexit mean for Sunderland?@Femi_Sorry 
How many more times can we say that Brexit is not a game? This is about people and their jobs and livelihoods, and it would be nice to see more acknowledgement of that.  
Ok #Remainers, you’re needed. @UKEUchallenge have potentially found a way to revisit the Referendum result now the @ElectoralCommUK has confirmed the Leave campaign broke electoral law. The campaign needs your support. Please help and share #UKEUchallenge 
Aston Martin boss vows Britain’s car trade will benefit from No Deal Brexit and shrugs off scare warnings 
EXCL: Britain would have to spend tens of millions of pounds building a port to service its Akrotiri military base in Cyprus after a no-deal Brexit, officials have concluded. 
Remainy people...Get. Your. Shit. Together. Fight bastard brexit, not eachother. How the fuckity fuck do you expect to stop this stupid thing if you waste your time fighting eachother? You need your heads knocking together. Stop it. 
Amongst all the rhetoric and posturing from the #Leave campaign, I've never heard an economic case for #Brexit having been made. Lots of soundbites, but no actual numbersAnd no case for #Brexit delivering a tightening of border controls, if indeed they're neededIt's pointless 
“No developed country trades purely on ‘WTO rules’... It is not a model for post-Brexit trade, it is a euphemism for failure to understand the true value of EU membership.” #ICYMI 
. #Brexit is like putting a man on Mars. It may be successful, over the next 50 years, with huge combined effort & cost, many unintended consequences & multiple failures we will have to openly admit & learn from. It was never going to be easy & should never have been sold as such 
Public health minister Steve Brine acknowledged on #r4today re energy drinks that EU labelling law requires list of ingredients, but made a sideswipe that ‘Brexit will give us more freedom’.To do what? Anyone know? 
MPs who continue to support #Brexit knowing that it will cause significant harm to our country, must also know that 'will of the people' is no more a defence than 'only following orders'.#PeoplesVote 
Great to meet business leaders in Sydney today to discuss the exciting opportunities Brexit presents - including a UK/Australia free trade deal. The special, deep-rooted relationship between the UK and Australia is stronger than ever  
Dear Yul Edochie,IPOB have crossed rubicon of no return, If Singapore & other countries could separate to form their own govt & wax strong in security,economy & infrastructure.I don’t see reason why Biafra can’t do it. #Referendum one man one vote .@YulEdochie @Amaka_Ekwo 
Why is Brexit Britain getting entangled in the EU’s defence structures?  via @BrexitCentral 
More companies exiting Brexit island. Remarkable how lightly the loss of Unilever etc has been received in UK.  
Panasonic to move European HQ in London to Netherlands because of #Brexit. Other Japanese companies including MUFG, Nomura Holdings, Daiwa Securities and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group are also planning to move to the EU.  
What a monumental waste of money. Brexit creating red tape, replicating existing systems and infrastructure and wasting billions of pounds for no discernible benefit. This is absolute madness.  
Remainers!Brexit is a process. It took us 42 years to get deep into the Brussels net. It'll take a while to find our way out and re-establish ourselves as an independent nation.It is not all about the exact circumstances on Day 1. 
France 'to help' forge EU deal with UK after Brexit with Macron expected to use an EU summit next month to push for a partnership with Britain  
The people vs Brexit: Rod Liddle on a very elite insurgency  
Done it Powered by 68 donors in 3 days, we have hit our fundraising target for #Lab18Thank you so much guys, it's really inspiring! No more tweets about money now, just a relentless focus on preparing for Conference and winning a #PeoplesVote#Brexit is not inevitable. 
Interesting development this morning. No, not the Panasonic move (although that is interesting, these moves are expected) but the BBC's use of the words "Brexit fallout" in the title. That's quite a shift in editorial tone. #StopBrexit 
There is still time for the Conservatives to keep faith with the millions of Brexit voters, but this will require removal vans to pitch up at Downing Street, says @oflynnmep 
We know you don’t care about the fishing industry,otherwise when you had the opportunity to help it you would have done so.The Fact is fishing is less than 2% of GDP and that a no deal Brexit will be massively harmful to sales to their main market as well.  
Sir James Dyson urges Government to be bold on Brexit to ‘supercharge’ our economy  
U.K. and EU Drop October Deadline for Brexit Deal  A remainder to the Bureaucrat's, the referendum result was LEAVE the EU. Nothing in that voting paper about a deal. GET UK OUT. Stop picking our pockets of £billions to fund Brussels for years to come. 
President Macron is preparing to throw Theresa May a lifeline by pushing other EU leaders to agree a close relationship with Britain after Brexit as part of his vision for a united Europe  
Value of the pound leaps as Barnier says EU is ready to offer Britain a Brexit deal  His DEAL will mean us having our pockets picked of £billions for years to come to fund the EU. Sorry Barnier when it comes to deal or no deal, UK picks NO DEAL. 
Brexit fallout: Panasonic to move Europe headquarters from UK to Amsterdam  
Am I missing something? Apparently Alex Salmond came close to winning an independence referendum in 2014. There’s only one referendum that year I can think of, and he certainly didn’t come close to winning it that I can recall. 
Panasonic plans to move its European headquarters from Britain to the  Netherlands later this year over concerns about potential tax issues  related to Brexit  @AFP 
Anyone who wants to win a second referendum should read this from @GoodwinMJ  Key weakness to target is that Brexit will screw the people who voted for it 
Looking forward to Cambridge rally against Brexit on Sunday afternoon  
Oh, FFS.(I think this is the first time I have ever typed that)Or is it meant to show expensively and pointlessly how Brexit renders even the highest skilled UK workers idle?  
The France v Britain scallop war goes much deeper than Brexit with nets | John Lichfield points out our dependence on market access and complex fisheries policy. Many parallels with agriculture here. 
UK are planning a trade deal with Brunei, the only SE Asian country with Sharia Law in their constitution. Maybe more immigration here, too? It is a staple of any trade deal now.How’s the new world of Brexit Global Britain going, Leavers? 
Just a reminder that Liddington was the HMG man in the HoC who said any form of double lock on the Referendum was not necessary because it was, quote, “advisory”, 
Sterling jumps on EU official's Brexit views; dollar near 4-week low  
Why Brexit and Italy are no match for the European dream  via @bopinion 
Donald Trump's farcical deal with Mexico is a lesson for Brexit || Via: Independent  
Brexit prompts surge in Brits signing up to learn languages online  
No deal does not need a GPS.No deal does not care what you think.No deal does not need a vote, it does not need approval.No deal does not care what sort of Brexit you wanted.No deal will not wait.No deal will happenNo deal is the default No deal is a monster 
Opinion: If we want to save Britain from its post-Brexit economic fate, we should support Theresa May's investment in Africa  
Theresa May visited South Africa and Nigeria - as a somewhat knee jerk response to #Brexit.Angela Merkel is visiting Senegal, Ghana and Nigeria because the number one issue in the EU is illegal immigration.It's not like either leader has some "grand strategy" for engagement. 
From “Game of Thrones” to Brexit: a journey around Lough Foyle  From @1843mag 
France 'prepared' to help forge EU deal with UK after Brexit  
Where’s this 8% come from? Using simple arithmetic the maximum possible saving on removing tariffs is 1.2%, but more realistically 0.4%.But we’ve already submitted our post-Brexit schedule to the WTO and is has exactly the same tariffs as the EU. 
So #TraderJoes has sued @Airbnb, its PAC and signature-gathering firm PCI Consultants for "aggressively soliciting" its customers in an attempt to get them to sign referendum petitions.  
#TheresaMay takes post-#Brexit trade tour to Nigeria  
Today we celebrate Constitution Day of Kazakhstan! It was 30 August 1995 when we approved #Constitution at the national referendum. This was one of the decisive moments on the way of building an independent state   
Sir James Dyson urges Government to be bold on Brexit to 'supercharge' our economy - The Sun  
Brexit: that Franco-German motor - despite hyperventilation from the media, talks remain stalled. If there is to be any change there might be clues to be seen in the Franco-German stance, but so far the motor purrs in perfect synchronicity...  #Brexinfo. 
Yes, congratulations, Andrew. No go out and kick Ron DeSantis is just a far right racist Fascist who is backed by the Kochs, Sheldon Aedelson, & other right wing billionaires. This Governors race is going is going to be a referendum between the Orange Scumbag & Bernie Sanders!!  
Fun though it is to watch the Labour Party bickering, I don’t get to vote in the UK.  Or anywhere.  So please take your Corbynitis elsewhere or leave me out of it.  Bad enough you can’t be against Brexit... 
(6/6) So it turns out young Grimes's 'BeLeave' was not the first teenager's 'fake' company formed with a singular aim by the execs at the very top of the #VoteLeave campaign. Perhaps Darren can take some solace from being 'given' £675,000 by Dominic Cummings.... Or maybe not... pic.twitter.com/x8Pt3ZLSoA 
(5) Of course, 'Lyon Shephard Web Solutions' was a bogus company, set up by  #VoteLeave solely to enable two teenagers to interrupt a PM's key speech to business leaders. The cheap but effective stunt was defended at the time by none other than Vote Leave's Daniel Hannan.... 
(4) Back in Nov 2015, PM David Cameron was heckled at the @CBItweets annual conference in central London by two 19 year old students, Peter Lyon and Phil Sheppard. They were granted access after "pretending to be businessmen" representing the company, Lyon Sheppard Web Solutions. 
Surprising how a writer of riddles, games and characters can't work out how a referendum works. This vote wasn't something of a fairytale in someone's dreams. It was real. And the last page was a result for Leave. 
How many Brexiters can we launch into space for £92m?Starting with the richest. They can bequest their fortunes to the continuation of the "Brexit Space Programme" (the BS Programme).Safety not a concern, or breathing apparatus (oxygen needs me more than I need oxygen, etc). 
Why is Brexit Britain getting entangled in the EU’s defence structures?  
President Macron is preparing to throw Theresa May a lifeline by pushing other EU leaders to agree a close relationship with Britain after Brexit  
If there had been a ballot referendum for nuking Mexico, even that would have gotten at least 10% support. 
A referendum on Irish unity is no longer a matter of if but when. Winning that referendum and creating a new, shared Ireland inclusive of every citizen who lives on this island is no longer a matter of if but when.  
Setting aside the criminal fraud which delivered the Brexit vote, are you the same Jacob Rees-Mogg who trades on being all erudite and well educated? Because your grasp of the counterfactual conditional mood in this desperately clumsy sentence is nothing short of woeful. Prick.  
One thing for sure: The proposal to leave the EU was not thought through, nor was it a reforming measure, like the abortion referendum in Ireland or gay marriage in Australia.Also for sure: It's embarrassing to MPs who legislated the Act. 'Respect the result' is save MPs' face. 
Just out of curiosity, I had a quick look at what Google's autocomplete had to say about #Brexit. Is it just me, or is this pretty negative?#BrexitIsOver#BrexitIsADisaster#BrexitIsDead#BrexitIsAMess#BrexitIsNotGoingToHappen#StopBrexit #FBPE 
No deal Brexit won't be our fault says Liam Fox!Nothing's ever you fault though, Liam Fox, you travelled the world twice over & not secured one single solitary post Brexit deal! F**king useless!BBC News - No deal Brexit won't be our fault says Liam Fox  
The effort to overturn #SB10 bail overhaul by ballot referendum has been officially filed with attorney general. Timing on a referendum is key, with only 90 days to gather signatures once the law is signed. Brown’s fast signature meant the bail industry had to act fast.  
On OUR terms WE:-Fought back Wars-Won independence-Held referendum-Overcame hostilities-Defeated superpowers-Defended sovereignty-Brought Peace-Engaged the world-Run our affairs-Are building our nationB/c #Eritrea is ONLY for #Eritrea|ns on ONLY #Eritrea|ns terms! 
#TheresaMay gave herself the right to change her mind on #Brexit, so why deny this same right to the UK electorate? 
Sorry Ian, but I demand my followers not to be trolls singing from a song sheet that is prepared to ascribe every possible crime against Corbyn out of either misplace anger at Labour's Brexit strategy or fear that if he were elected socialism would ruin the 1% tea party.  
Theresa May appeals to the narrow-minded, mean-spirited, zero-sum mentality of the core #Brexit supporters. #PeoplesVote 
An important victory in the campaign to bring fair voting to British Columbia in court today. BC Liberals & their business allies tried to quash the Fall referendum but were found to use “rhetoric, conjecture and exaggeration”. Ouch.Now to the vote! 
Brexit was triggered by the result of a referendum riddled with unlawful activity, I feel the result is basically null & void accordingly. This would mean that there is no mandate whatsoever to leave the EU. Brexit is indeed the emperor's new clothes, wearing thinner by the hour. 
When the referendum campaign began, Yes was running at around 25%. Under his leadership, it very nearly succeeded in winning independence.  IN May, he promised to return to active politics for the next referendum. Now destroyed by a couple of lurid front pages. Sic transit. 
He then took the SNP to its first election victory in 2007 and formed the first Scottish National Party government in its 80 year history.   After that, he led it to a landslide in 2011 which led directly to the 2014 independence referendum. 
"Single market means single market," said Brussels' chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, warning London could not hope for special regulations after Brexit. 
Has Mr Macron lost his voice as French fishermen revolt over scallops. No wonder he’s begging EU to do Brexit deal with Britain 
My Norwegian colleagues think #Brexit is totally fucking crazy. I categorically do not disagree. 
Raab isn't pointing the gun at his own head. He and the #Brexit elite would profit very nicely from a no-deal #Brexit. He's pointing the gun at us, the British people, the hostages who will be pushed off the #Brexit cliff if his gang doesn't get what it wants.#PeoplesVote 
'Some 2.65 metric tonnes of scallops in the [British] boat’s hold were found to be under the prescribed size of 110mm, put in place to conserve stocks.' Wrecking the seabed is a disgrace, though deregulation for profit is the point of Brexit.  
Ireland is getting two more MEPs because of Brexit and Sinn Féin wants them to go to the North (via @thejournal_ie) 
The cost of #Brexit is astronomical.When is govt going to tell us how it proposes to pay for Brexit?.If we cannot afford adequate benefits to enable our poor families to feed their children during the school holidaysHOW CAN WE AFFORD #BREXIT?. 
I was very pleased to welcome Prime Minister May to the State House earlier today. Even as we nervously watch developments regarding Brexit, the United Kingdom is assured of our government’s determination to strengthen the relationship between our two countries.  
Andy Wigmore, a close friend of the Brexit donor, claims to have “often” visited the castle owned by the oligarch Vladimir Lisin, who has been dubbed the Monarch of the Glenski after buying his castle in Perthshire.  
Leave voter @chrisoram1990 from Dorset now stands with @RemainerNow and calls on everyone to see #Brexit for the mistake it is and support a second referendum. Read it in @PMPmagToday. #RemainerNow #PeoplesVote @PeoplesVote_UK 
Such a shame that you aren't fighting for Northern Ireland during this crucial run up to Brexit deadline. Good to see you value Eurovision though, Europe isn't all bad. I challenge you to back a special deal for NI so we can all be #ProudOfNI 
Brexit Beats is available to stream on #spotify#brexit #Maybot 
Saw Aunty Rosa yesterday for a cup of tea. She still has my drawing up of her late husband Uncle Bill Thaiday. I met them both when I first came here, I did portraits of both of them for my solo exhibition in 2014 on the ‘67 referendum. I’m so honoured to have know Uncle Bill.  
People say Brexit is economical 'suicide'. It's not - it's murder. It's premeditated and driven. The people leading it aren't doing it unwillingly, or unknowingly, and neither are the people supporting it. THEY are KILLING the UK. #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit 
Nigeria is "nervously watching the development about Brexit," the country's President Muhammadu Buhari tells British Prime Minister Theresa May  
The British fishing industry declined because British fishermen massively overfished, & if they hadn't been stopped, UK waters would have been emptied on a permanent basis.Their clamour for Brexit is a desire to return to overfishing.They'll be disappointed.@lbc #newsnight 
"British & French fishermen are bound by different rules"- and they manage to pick a fight while we're still in the EU.So everything's looking good for post-#Brexit relations.Not.  #Newsnight 
The Royal College of Nursing says Brexit will pose an ‘immediate threat to the safe and efficient care of patients.’ Perhaps it would like to give us its views on Syria and Iran as well. Its expertise in foreign affairs is legendary after all. 
More stupid attacks on Brexit. Sir Simon Fraser (ex FO) attacks May’s trade deals with Africa. He says that the EU accounts for 45% of our trade whereas Africa accounts for only 1.5%. He seems to think that she is trying to replace EU trade with African trade. Both will continue. 
2016.EU: "No cherry-picking."UK: "Who are you to tell us?"2017.EU: "No cherry-picking."UK: "Why not?"2018.EU: "Guys, we mean it. No cherry-picking."UK: "Oh pleeease?"#Brexit 
Last year Chuka Umunna tabled an amendment to the Brexit Bill to force the government to give an extra £350 million a week to NHS after brexit. Boris voted against it. Disgusting that he can get away with it. 
Thursday’s Express: EU will offer special Brexit deal #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis) 
430,000-strong nurse union writes to UK parties to back second referendum  
The Coalition cut hundreds of millions from Indigenous Affairs.  It ignored and rejected its own Referendum Council report.  It failed to act on a syphilis outbreak.  We are not making enough progress on Close the Gap targets.   Now Morrison thinks Tony Abbott is the answer?? 
Most interesting Brexit story for a very long time  
I have to neglect the Brexit arguments about how the referendum was advisory, or fact that #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw, because I know it will be seen as trying to stop Brexit on a "technicality".I really hope the history books forgive that. 
So in Seething on Sea, as in so many places, people question, in the light of growing evidence, whether Brexit is the right answer - there’s nothing wrong in changing your mind as the situation alters  
A desperate attempt to pretend their Brexit could possibly work. There is another option: it's called a #PeoplesVote#OFOC 
We don't care - we don't want chequers plan let alone a worse deal than that - May needs to stop lying to leavers.Barnier FINALLY says the EU will offer Britain a unique deal on Brexit  via @MailOnline 
Well thats enough AS for one night, lets get back to exposing this shambolic, corrupt Tory Govt for what it is.And I daresay they will be doing it again in preparation for a no deal Brexit  
It’s hugely positive for Ireland to have such staunch support from our EU partners as we enter a crucial phase in the EU-UK #brexit negotiations.  
Those scallops are destined for French supermarkets & continental restaurants. When hard Brexit kicks in & hard borders with it these fishermen are going to get fucked. Scallops are time dependent and a 25 mile queue at Dover or Portsmouth is going to spell disaster #ScallopWars 
Thursday’s FT: Raab concedes Brexit deal talks unlikely to hit October deadline #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis) 
No, you can't argue that. Otherwise Hungary and Turkey would be uber-progressive countries.One should think about grammatical gender as something more akin to "noun classes" than smth "gendered" .Bonus : Map of the gender of the word  'Brexit'  
The establishment have scared & manipulated UK voters over the EU for decades.  It would be a disaster if we didn’t join the Euro, a catastrophe if we didn’t join Shengen and an apocalypse if we voted for Brexit.  All nonsense.  Now they are scaremongering over no deal Brexit..  
Roxanne is about as sincere as @theresa_may ‘s Brexit negotiations #cbb @bbuk 
We are already part of the European system & this is money that could go on something more useful than replicating what we are pointlessly throwing away. And you try to dress it up as a positive - you, who know better than anyone just how utterly stupid Brexit is?  
If the French girl wins the Great British Bake Off we should just cancel Brexit. 
British shop prices set for ‘severe, quick and significant’ increase due to Brexit, warns business group  
I’ll be talking shell-fish Anglo-French scallop wars & Alex Salmond’s SNP resignation begging In tonight’s @SkyNews papers avec @toryboypierce. Maybe a bit of Brexit too 
Rubbish. Over half our manufacturing turnover is under foreign ownership @Conservatives. Think Nissan, Toyota, Honda and many others.They won't hang around when Brexit limits their biggest export market. Gone with them will be our jobs and our standard of living.#PeoplesVote 
“We... will do what it takes to support the jobs and expertise the UK needs.”Except, of course, ditch Brexit.  
New @IRIglobal poll shows a majority of Macedonians favoring a compromise with Greece to join the EU and NATO under the new name “Republic of North Macedonia.” 49% would vote "yes" in September 30 referendum.  Check out the full results below. 
Gina Miller's definition of totalitarianism:-Conservatives win election on a promise to hold an in out referendum -Parliament votes for referendum by 6:1-More people vote leave than for anything else in British history -Parliament endorses it over and over again#Brexit  
I tuned in hoping for Nicolle and see you guys are still at it! Gillum is NOT a “Bernie Sanders Democrat!!”  This is not a referendum between Bernie and Trump. These are old, lazy narratives and I’m out @MSNBC @KatyTurNBC #DeadlineWH 
Britain faces risk of sperm shortage in event of No-Deal Brexit  
It's now clear that Brexit isn't delivering on the promises of 2016, and the Conservatives are more interested in keeping their party together rather than getting the best deal for our country.That's why I'm calling for MPs to give us power over our futures via a #PeoplesVote 
To those of us who recall the ‘75 referendum this crap along the lines of mighty fortress Britain was the preserve of the Bennite section of the Labour Party. Now we have the these ghastly people flogging their useless product + added UKIP BS nationalism & racism. 
So proud of my @GMB_union leading on giving our members a day on massive issue that is Brexit. Democracy at work.            GMB asks members for views on Brexit deal People's Vote  
Sinn Féin believes that the citizens of the north should continue to have democratic rights & thus representation in the EU Parliament post-Brexit. The north should be a dedicated constituency for the purposes of the election of the 2 MEPs:  
BREXIT has sparked concerns for the residents of Gibraltar as well as more than 13,000 Spaniards that work on the Rock with fears Spanish workers will struggle to cross the border once Britain leaves the EU.  
As #Brexit negotiations "progress", note Article 8, Lisbon Treaty: the EU shall develop a "special relationship" with neighbouring  countries, aiming to establish an area of prosperity & good  neighbourliness...characterised by close & peaceful relations based on cooperation. 
The Liar Liar song got to no.1 last year and it got it's anti austerity message out to the British people. What if we achieved that with a song about #VoteLeaveBroketheLaw. The strongest argument we have to justify a #PeoplesVote is the illegitimacy of the referendum result. 
My interview with @LBC last night on #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote idea and #Labour 6 tests on #Brexit :  
Are you sure you are ready for Brexit?Take a few minutes and have a listen to this..  
We have a Conservative Party led by a Remainer which is now rejecting membership applications from life-long Conservative voters whom they suspect may be supporters of Boris Johnson. I was never 100% convinced that Theresa May was deliberately sabotaging Brexit. Until now. 
The U.K. minister for brexit sits on his backside in London for two years then expects the EU negotiator to jump when it suits the U.K. govt.    
I'm in Ireland at Temple Bar.Of all the things I'm reflecting on, it's mainly how much they're going to be the major player in UK Politics in 7 months.It feels like the media just don't talk about the fact that Brexit actually just isn't physically possible & will be vetoed.  
IF Brexit goes through, those responsible must be held to account on criminal charges. Gov't serves the country. We can't let our democratic institutions be taken over by people for their own nefarious purpose, like a kleptocracy. In any case we must have an inquiry, & on Russia 
Woooooooow, I've got chills listening to #WITH about the consequences of Brexit.  Bleak, man. @chrislhayes #WITHPod 
Growing bipartisan support for American Mueller-style investigation into Russian interference in Brexit referendum.Labour @tom_watson joins Conservative @DamianCollins in calling for #BrexitGate investigation.#ElectionInterferenceby @carolecadwalla 
Aston Martin Says British Car Trade Will Benefit from ‘No Deal’ Brexit  
Any Labour members casting their votes for our National Executive Committee wondering where the candidates stand on on Brexit?Find out here  
New Zealand-born, 'Maltese' billionaire, founder of Dubai-based investment company Legatum. Funds the right wing, hard #Brexit think tank the Legatum Institute. France’s DST foreign intelligence agency described Chandler as an “object of interest” because of alleged Kremlin ties.  
You were never there you fraud. Brand yourself as the hero of the working class and couldn't even be bothered to turn up. The public are onto you and your #brexit dream is moribund. 
I may not support Brexit but I always found it mad that David Cameron, a Remainer, resigned the premiership after losing the Brexit vote so that...another Remainer could take over and make it happen (or try). Made no sense.  
#brexitI've given up believing anything that comes out of Brussels or Downing Street.The @Conservatives had better get their act together. Soon.End this farce. 
I'd vote for Brexit even if it could be proved it would make me poorer (it can't and it won't). Simply put I just want my country back and that to me is priceless  
GORDON Brown has warned that nurses will have to take part in charity fun runs to pay for the NHS in an independent Scotland.He might be right as our Scottish Nurses attempt to help out the rest of the UK post Brexit. Independence is a must to save and secure our SNHS. 
'The EU is too white – and Brexit likely to make it worse, MEPs and staff say'So, in other words, EU is NOT there to serve its member countries' citizens. 
#Brexit will be just like WWII. Where Europe was ruled by a centralized empire based on Germany, where there was no democracy. Fine work citizen. An apt comparison indeed.  
Chuffed to see the advanced paperback copy of my book Harry's Last Stand which is available Sept 14th. Ta @LittleBrownUK for the great work on it. #austerity #labour, #Brexit  
Nigel Farage’s booming response to an LBC listener who tried to tell him the fishing industry in Britain is no longer relevant @Nigel_Farage | #Brexit  
I hate Brexit 25 hours a day! 
This is to all Americans, this election in November 2018 is a referendum on our freedom of speech and the first amendment This is why we must vote Democrat and flip the Senate and the house This is about our rights to free speech &freedom We are not a dictatorship. @DemsWork4USA 
A great anti-Brexit campaign here - please follow & support  
Germany holding firm to EU line on backstop: withdrawal agreement must guarantee that Brexit does not lead to a hard border in Northern Ireland; guarantee must apply regardless of how the EU and the UK shape their future relationship  
If other countries decide to have referendum on leaving the EU, it should be stated at the beginning that it is binding and no second one. 
Friendships in Africa matter to UK for many, many reasons. But we need to keep our economic priorities in perspective...and #Brexit does not change them.  
I’ve realised today I’m not strong enough to get into politics. I’m going to take a back seat and leave you stronger people to fight Brexit. I’m with you. #FightingToGetBetter 
Don't ever let Leavers talk unchallenged of 'Projet Fear'. There was a Project Fear, lasting over a decade of the right-wing press whipping up fear of immigrants, refugees, Muslims, an EU superstate & army, German domination & millions of Turks. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Raab wants to see some “renewed energy” in the Brexit negotiations. We don’t need energy we need to rethink. If there was a Brexit plan which didn’t seriously damage Britain and didn’t break the EU wouldn’t they have found it after 2 years? #PeoplesVote 
Trump also said:  "The level of hatred the level of anger is unbelievable...This November 6th election is very much a referendum on not only me, it's a referendum on your religion, it's a referendum on free speech and the First Amendment. It's a referendum on so much."  
Pound rises as EU's Barnier hints at bespoke Brexit deal  
The fishermen voted for brexit - enough said. I've watched the footage several times now and my conclusion is that it was the British boats that were being the most aggressive. Not saying the French didn't contribute,  but it's left me wondering who put the Brits up to it.... 
#Brexit isn't glorious independence. It's a shambolic retreat from Europe by a frightened, confused and criminally deceived nation, that has lost its grip on the modern world and prefers to blame others for its self-inflicted failings.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
He is correct. It is time Ireland stopped the bullying of the UK over Brexit.  
Nigel Farage actually responding.... tells the audience it's an industry that will magically be worth £3 - 5 billion post Brexit. Well I don't know where you plucked that from @Nigel_Farage but it's worthy of a place on that magic bus @lbc #FarageOnLBC 
I know many people insist there was nothing racist about the Brexit vote, and it’s true that I don’t really understand this graffiti (which a friend of mine photographed), but it does look a tiny bit racist to me.  
The far-right Guardian is attacking the EU. So typical of the Eurosceptic British press. We in the EU love diversity. That's why we keep importing more and more. Haven't they seen the migrants landing in Spain? Unlike the hard right #Brexit Britain. 
A portrait of Nigel Farage, a leader of the Brexit movement, failed to receive a single bid at auction  
Headline you’ll never see: Corbyn piles pressure on May over Brexit  
Meanwhile Remain constantly cheated and swerved around spending rules by forcing the taxpayer to pick up the bill for events on publicly owned property eg the British Museum. The referendum wasn't won by cheating, it was lost by the cheats! 
TM criticises Russian £ laundering in UK then a jaunt to Nigeria talking trade with a country that has rep for corruption. Her struggle to show some good news in spite of #Brexit is pathetic. PM making UK look desperate just to satisfy her right wing fanatics. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Britain must have the right to choose between being part of Team Europe as a global rule maker or, through Brexit, to become a China rule taker #PeoplesVote 
Back in the UK and catching up on Barnier’s remarks from earlier today. He said literally nothing new. A Brexit deal unprecedented in scope has always been the offer — *but* within the EU’s red lines. Some of the market takes are absolutely wild. 
The BBC and the Government are cynically playing the Scallop War for all it’s worth.  Non stop interviews and Gove defending the British side. The BBC keep asking if this is related to Brexit and punishment.The BBC is a happy pawn playing the Brexiteers game. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Ron DeSantis, the FL GOP candidate for governor, referred to the racist term monkey when talking about his black Dem opponent, Andrew Gillum.DeSantis was endorsed by trump.The race is now a referendum on trump, trumpism, and racism.DeSantis must not win. #BlueWave 
"The way in which Brexit will make us less able to strike deals around the world shows “Global Britain” for the empty Brexiter rhetoric it really is. It’s nothing to dance about."  
Aston Martin Says British Car Trade Will Benefit from ‘No Deal’ Brexit  
I admit I stupidly voted Leave, based on the £350m/wk big red bus lie.  I did not vote for the economy to be ruined.  I am now fully aware of the facts and am a #RemainerNow. We were lied to on a massive scale and #Brexit is a fraud #StopBrexitSaveBritain. 
We gave the EU nearer £100m a week, UK tax revenues are already nearly £500m a week down on what they would be bc of the Brexit vote. #GodIHateThoseLiars 
Sinn Fein today called for representation “from Derry to Kerry” post Brexit, they propose Northern Ireland be given a constituency within EU, with two MEPs.  
Without the malign influence of the mainstream media it's unlikely we would have suffered Tory governments, savage austerity & the idiocy of Brexit. The #MSM is the dirty mouth of the one percent. Our most urgent task is to #ChangeTheMedia 
The Government spent extra millions sending letters through everybodies letterboxes bossing people not to vote Brexit and majority of all media, companies and celebrity elites even threats from US president + the most abhorent shaming tactics. Discipline committee not neutral... 
While I’ve been on holiday, UKGov has moved from incompetent, delusional and reality-denying to truly bat-shit mental.Get ready for Brexit with a project that will be lucky to be online 10yrs after it and will cost years worth of EU budget contributions.  
Nothing captures the futility of #Brexit like this.If Brexit goes ahead our first 'post Brexit trade pact' will be to rollover an existing EU trade deal with six African countries.Confirming we can't do a better deal than the one we already have as full EU members.  
Brexit poses “an immediate risk to the provision of safe & effective care” of NHS patients.- the Royal College of NursesWho *might* all be enemies of the people  - or might just know exactly what they’re talking about.  
Do you remember the government saying that they were considering a ban on live exports for slaughter? If so, your memory seems to be better than the politicians’! Remind @michaelgove to take urgent action for animals:  #Brexit #ProtectTheBill 
Join us at conference in Brighton, 15-18 September, to be part of the movement against Brexit. Register today:  
Brexit was a democratic referendum, not a Quidditch match. Grow up. Leave won. Deal with it. 
.@Telegraph cartoon#scallopwars #TheresaMay #Brexit  
People’s Alliance of Tower Hamlets has announced tonight they will disband and merge with the Liberal Democrats. Cllr Rabina Khan says: “It’s time now to move forward. The Lib Dem party is the right place to go in a time of Brexit and time of crisis.” #towerhamlets 
.@Theresa_May you said "We are not in the business of having a second referendum"... but you're in the business of taking EU citizenship away from my future children based on a referendum won with criminality bc it keeps you in No10 #YoureFuckingDisgusting  
What do you think Trade is? Let me explain. Jobs, livelihoods,Tax to pay for the essential services this Country Values so much. International relations. What was your version of Brexit?  
You can**isn’t sure, but Brexit has taught him you don’t need to know what will happen before committing to a scheme. 
'British to our core' Aston Martin brushes off Brexit concerns  
You know Anna Soubry is constantly on about a second referendum?Has she forgotten that she said that she accepts the referendum result and people are moving on?I'm confused. Maybe she will change her mind again and #StandUp4Brexit Be a shame if you spread this 
The Pound will be dumped after no-deal #Brexit. A perfect opportunity for disaster capitalists & those who've followed John Redwood's advice to move their money abroad, to buy UK assets at knock-down prices. Another step in the ERG plan.  #PeoplesVote 
Is the BBC preparing Brits for Brexit, or what? Programmes about 'how to shop well for less', 'how to repair broken things instead of throwing them away', 'relive what life was like on the factory floor', etc. 
Trust in politics will be smashed when the Conservative Party delivers Brexit with NONE of the benefits of Brexit (as sold). You’re about to be rumbled, Jacob. 
A simple thread from @JasonJHunter explaining why we won't get better trade deals after Brexit than we would if we stayed in the EU.Better trade is just another #Brexit lie. We need a #PeoplesVote to stop this nonsense. 
#African #trade deals are not a breakthrough, just a few of many deals Britain needs just to keep the SAME beneficial trading terms with over 60 other countries we now enjoy as an EUmember. They’re the “roll over” deals LiamFox promised to have ready “one second after #brexit”  
We’re putting on 4 public meetings in September to look at the impact of Brexit on Somerset. Come along and find out from frontline professionals what it means for you and your family. See poster for details. #Brexit #Somerset #peoplesvote 
.@MichelBarnier will meet @DominicRaab this Friday @EU_Commission to take stock of the #Brexit negotiations. This will be preceded by technical level negotiations on the Withdrawal Agreement and the future relationship:  
End of Theresa May? Tory MP demands leadership challenge so UK can 'play Brexit hardball' 
The people of the north / NI should continue to be represented in Europe post Brexit, we need this outcome.  We will continue to be Irish Citizens and as a region we voted Remain #Think32 #ThinkEU #Brexit @guyverhofstadt @MichelBarnier @JunckerEU @simoncoveney @campaignforleo 
Theresa May claims leaving the EU will give our NHS a "Brexit dividend." Boris Johnson says his £350 million lie was "grossly underestimated."Our nurses say Brexit poses an "immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care." I know who I trust. 
Too early? We're running out of time @MarkDrakeford. Please stand up for the people of Wales. After years of austerity we can't afford to sink deeper into poverty. Brexit will destroy us. #PeoplesVote 
I tell you what.If you went back to May 2016 and told everyone exactly what has happened between the referendum and now......even the Remainers would scoff and say you were just doing Project Fear. 
David voted leave but, whilst he was well informed in 2016, he now realises much of what he read was lies. He is a #remainernowHe now believes that a #finalsay #PeoplesVote on #brexit is a 'democratic necessity'!Respect to David, so many people like him!  
"Without the safeguard of EU protections, many disabled people are worried about our rights in a post-Brexit UK."  
Save your money, cancel brexit and stay in the EU. Its cheaper and this is just grandstanding. 
Completely agree JasonI’m one of many #RemainerNow who voted leave in 2016 but have since changed my mind & have joined the campaign for a #PeoplesVoteDespite what TM says, how I would vote in a 2nd referendum today is EXACTLY the issue.We were lied to & are now know more 
The fight isn't about the SNP...it's aboutRemaining chained to Westminster & an ill-conceived shambolic Brexit disasterORWe can build a greener, fairer, inclusive,outward-looking and more prosperous society with decisions made by a government WE voted for#YouYesYet 
The markets seem to have gone loop the loop about @MichelBarnier remarks on deep EU-UK partnership after #Brexit. Nothing new. Same as said in Aug 2 OpEd offered a partnership of "unprecedented in scope and depth" - WITHIN scope of UK red lines.  
I rejoined the party so that I can vote for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg or @SteveBakerHW for PM and get the #Brexit we voted for.  
More #Brexit trolling from this lad! The UK exports over £20bn worth of goods to Ireland, we buy more from the UK than China does!  
The £ would crash on no-deal brexit. Isn’t that the brextremists’ plan? Whilst they & their disaster capitalist mates clean up. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote 
Scrambled together some quick thoughts on $GBP following the Barnier comments on a possible bespoke #Brexit deal. The pound's sharp rally shows how a lot of bad news is already priced in, $GBP will be relatively more sensitive to positive Brexit headlines  
"The best lack all conviction, while the worst  Are full of passionate intensity." (Yeats)#Brexit in a nutshell as far as the Commons is concerned. 
@Andrew_Adonis @CambellClaret have you considered that many Leave voters have changed their minds on EU membership and are ignored by HM Gvmnt and yet TM the PM is pushing through Brexit at any cost having changed her mind.   Time for a #PeoplesVote to level the playing field. 
It is worrying that British citizens living in the EU face the prospect of losing access to their bank accounts and pensions as a result of PM’s calamitous negotiations. Given the profound consequences they could face as a result of Brexit, they also deserve a #FinalSayOnTheDeal 
FM @HeikoMaas meets @MichelBarnier in Berlin: Germany is striving for a new ambitious & close partnership with . But #EU cohesion and its further development have the highest priority. We will not scale down the internal market or create special rules. #EuropeUnited #Brexit  
What do we talk about when we talk about Russian interference? Me on Brexit, disaster capitalism, and Britain as the world centre for mercenaries and money laundering.  
Message to Ethiopians: #Eritrea independence is NOT for sale forever! We secured our independence & voted for freedom in 1991. If referendum was held in 1996, we would have voted, YES for freedom. If it is hold now, 100% Eritreans would vote YES again regardless our differences. 
Aston Martin boss vows Britain's car trade will benefit from No Deal Brexit and shrugs off scare warning  
Wheels falling off the Brexit clown-car. #PeoplesVote 
I thought it would be helpful to do something different in this column, especially in the run-up to the September 30 referendum — simple, quick,  bullet-points on a number of issues relating to the referendum... #Macedonia 
All the current chatter is of a no deal Brexit. Isn't it amazing how Barnier responds. Now we can have a deal. Would all you tits who are willing to bend over and take one up the backside from the EU at any cost just piss off, you know jack shit about negotiating. 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 29, 2018 at 05:50PM, £1 buys 1.1025€. This means that food & medicine imports to the UK are more expensive. It doesn't have to be like this. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
“That is why I as a disabled person, campaigning for a People’s Vote on the  Brexit deal. Disabled people’s voices cannot be silenced in this debate – we have too much to lose.” - @xrosiemckennax on why a #PeoplesVote is a fight for disability rights. #FFS 
It'll take a lot lot more than £92m. Money which could have been spent on the NHS and schools. Those jobs were perfectly safe in the EU where everyone benefitted from Galileo. #Brexit is a complete disaster for ordinary UK people. Only the Brexit Taliban want it now. #PeoplesVote 
Tomorrow @BBCScotlandNews we're looking at the impact a No Deal Brexit could have in Scotland. What will it mean for food prices? Will holidays be more expensive? What about household income? Online, TV and radio from the morning. 
Those 'corrupt and illegal practices' were in breach of the statutory requirements established by and under the EU Referendum Act 2015, as well as other conduct (such that was identified by the Information Commissioner, regarding personal data etc.). /8 
Dear @theresa_may & @Conservatives#brexit warnings don't come any clearer than THIS !... So, WTF are you doing about it ???... Are you just going to let it happen ???... Or, are you going to display good judgement and #StopBrexit 
It was always clear that when @LiamFox failed to deliver on all the pie-in-the-sky promises he made during the referendum campaign, he would blame this failure on the EU. Immature men of limited intellect always find it hard to accept responsibility.#Newsnight #skypapers 
One of the most distressing things about UK politics today is that there are so many stupid people in the government who readily speak utter tosh, with conviction. #Brexit 
No @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, trust in politics will evaporate if a #Brexit serving the interests of a privileged tax-hating minority, built on lies, cheating, chicanery, foreign interference & threats of violence is forced through against the will of the majority. #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May's Cape Town speech suggested countries should only receive aid if the UK and private enterprise see a benefit. the legal definition of aid means it must alleviate poverty - it's a question of morality, not what's best for Brexit Britain. me on SkyNews.  
We partnered w/ @Icbinotbutter & made this Devil’s Food Bundt Cake w/ whipped cream + berries! We used I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter! in our batter because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fan than butter. #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
"There is movement in this direction" @LaylaMoran on increased pressure for a people's vote on the Brexit deal.If you think the people should have the final say on the deal and option to remain, add your name:  
Getting back into politics. I can’t understand why people who hate Brexit are prepared to accept it because they support Corbyn. My view that he is a disaster for Labour is a separate issue. Even Corbyn supporters should be demanding a #PeoplesVote and stop grovelling to Corbyn. 
The Government spent money on what they considered to be in the national interest. This is literally what Governments are elected to do. Brexit has warped so many brains. 
The EU are absolutely clueless, they are pushing deadlines back and saying they will offer Britain a good deal. The truth is they don't want us to leave, and instead of being her fighting Brexit for this country, this idiot fucking May is waltzing around Africa doind Fuck All GO 
German Foreign Ministry on #Brexit: Germany would like an ambitious and close partnership w/ the UK. However, the priority is EU unity and further development of the EU. We will not decontruct #SingleMarket or allow special rules.  
“We need to trust the people” my interview today with @BBCWalesNews discussing a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit  
Scallop wars: Could Brexit calm troubled waters?  
Me before Brexit referendum Me now  
Summary:1. A no-deal Brexit will betray Our British Science.2. Scientists like Newton or Darwin would never have succeeded without EU support.3. Oh hang on, they did.4. But that just proves they weren't *proper* scientists, unlike Our Climate Scientists.5. That's all, folks!  
10/10 the EU would immediately have to bring their existing EU-Japan deal up to that same favourable level. So basically in simplistic terms Brexit is a complete waste of time and money and by the way it's almost guaranteed to cost you or someone you know their job. Great innit 
The EU hasn’t just strengthened disabled people’s rights, it safeguards them too. #Brexit would put them at risk. MUST READ: @xrosiemckennax from @FFSake_ 
UK fishermen say hard Brexit will humble France as they will lose access to UK fishing waters. We must kick out all EU boats. Why should we give away our waters to prop up other EU industries & create jobs there rather than in the UK..  
Independence is coming. It's the demographic time-bomb for the future existence of the UK. All that No voters have to decide is whether they put us through a decade or two of Brexit Britain before it is achieved. 
Mark Carney to give gloomy assessment of no deal Brexit so MPs vote for Theresa May's Chequers deal. No wonder May is desperate for Carney to stay on longer as Bank of England boss.  We need to replace May & Carney..  
And a bigger platform needs to be given to the #Remain activists who have the personality & character to engage the apathetic and communicate the importance of stopping #Brexit. We have such talent in our community that needs to be supported not constantly criticised & undermined 
Yep. PSA: it is time that not just #Brexit opponents, but supporters, and Conservatives as much as the left, said a firm no to Russian attacks on UK sovereignty, Brexit intervention included. And from now on, defending Britain is the focus of this account. cc @RussianEmbassy 
‘We are increasingly confident that conference delegates will get a vote on Labour’s position on a ‘People’s Vote’’The Left are mobilising against a disastrous Tory Brexit. Join the campaign and help protect jobs, wages & public services. 
Scallop wars: Could Brexit calm troubled waters?  
I love space. Don’t use space to make #Brexit look like a good idea. We’re choosing to piss away good money on a project we decided to walk away from because of a load of lies. 
From now on, @LouiseBagshawe my chat account is going to be dedicated to UK issues and fighting Russian influence on #Brexit and creating racial and religious division in Britain. cc  @RussianEmbassy 
So that’s it from House of Lords today folks. Now we know - No deal Brexit ‘is not a walk in the park but nor is it the end of the world.’ So it’s somewhere between Garden of Eden & Armageddon - which of course is the entirety of human experience 
I try to keep my work and fighting Brexit separate, but here is a piece I wrote earlier related to my day job.   UK energy and Brexit, are you prepared?  
Conservatives, be careful. Accounts like @BrexitTory_ say things lots of @Conservatives and #Brexit supporters agree with, but the account isn’t British. It’s run by the enemies of the United Kingdom. We are patriots first, I hope. “she” never mentioned Ed Miliband in 2011.  
This , in one tweet, is why #Labour should oppose #Brexit. And tour the Heartlands with these figures regarding the #NHS I and many others  have said: it's either #BrexitOrTheNHS.We  cannot have both.Unless we sell/lease bits of it to US :#BigPharma; the House of Saud;China 
Had a load of remoaners and #FBPE types say how Juncker is "just a Civil Servant" so it's OK that he is not elected. Yeah, what's the head of "just a civil service" doing at the G7 debating with top heads of government? Does the Head of the UK Civil Service do that? No! #Brexit  
ProjectFear lost the referendum because of their lack-lustre, passionless, corporate branded approach focussed on facts that failed to mention positives about EU membership. To continue this failed strategy & criticise those who take an alternative approach is incredibly arrogant 
Ever wondered why all the major supermarkets haven't been screaming about the damage from Brexit? Let me rephrase that...Ever wondered why competitive businesses haven't been screaming to their customers about how they're going to be raising their prices? 
A People's Vote  My latest statement on Brexit. 
'The Great Scallop Showdown between the British and French today is a sign of Brexit disasters to come. We're about to enter a Wacky Races-style political apocalypse'  
RHA is calling for #Brexit implementation period to apply even if there is no deal.  UK and EU Governments no where near ready for March 19, nor are businesses. Time to admit this. @ChrisGraylingMP @DominicRaab @theresa_may @MichelBarnier 
However unbelievable it must seem in Brussels and to many Brexit analysts, it really does seem like the PM and key Ministers like David Lidington believe the EU could ultimately accept the Chequers Plan  
Brexit is so dumb. On Aug 22 Barnier talks of a 'partnership that has no precedent' and no one cares. Today he mentions a 'partnership like we've never had with another third country' and the pound goes mental 
But Project Fear mongers told us a huge hike in interest rates & extra 500,000 unemployed within 6 months of  referendum. It’s now lowest unemployment since 1974  
Just in: The EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has indicated that he is close to offering the UK a deal  
Just watching @DominicRaab live at Lords committee. So much up in the air still..Just wondering... If the Brexit gamble (and that's what it is) goes wrong, economy crashes, massive job losses, you do realise people will hold you and fellow Brexiteers responsible, don't you ? 
Dominic Raab has just confirmed to @UKHouseofLords Brexit Cttee that it is "broadly correct" that UK will not have a future governance role in the security institutions of the EU. Inevitable but very sad, given UK's past role in developing @Europol Eurojust &c. 
End of Theresa May? Tory MP demands leadership challenge so UK can 'play Brexit hardball'  
Now we know why so many football fans back Brexit.They were personally targeted.“To enter, participants had to enter their personal details and how they intended to vote in the referendum.#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
Pound soars vs. U.S. dollar after the E.U. Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says the bloc is prepared to offer a partnership with Britain like no other before  
UK had scorned Galileo, then begged to remain part of it (while claiming that Brexit meant Brexit) and now is planning to spend billions to replicate it: A negative Brexit dividend. Pathetic. 
Man who said a post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU should be the “easiest in human history” now says it won’t be his fault if he can’t get one  
Success for Trump is putting a gun to the head of trade partners and forcing them to make concessions.Rees-Mogg & Johnson want to put us at the mercy of this bullying USA. Why should we not call them traitors!#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Today, we are committing £92m from our Brexit readiness fund to design a national alternative to the EU’s Galileo satellite system. We have a world-leading space sector and will do what it takes to support the jobs and expertise the UK needs. 
Raab plays hardball: UK prepared to wreak havoc with the last two years of EU's 7 year budget under no deal. Brexit bill would still be paid, but smaller and later... 
"British shop prices rose for the first time in more than five years this month, as the British Retail Consortium warned that customers will face more severe price hikes if no Brexit deal is reached."  
.@TheRCN says #Brexit poses an “immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care” in a letter today.Brexit will make our NHS worse. No one voted for that. #PeoplesVote please. 
We Remainers cannot use violence as a political tool, but we can threaten to work tirelessly to ensure the #Brexit liars, crooks, cheats & charlatans are prosecuted and punished. Demographic & political change can make that a realistic possibility. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
French fishermen are destroying and damaging crab pots off the coast near Newquay and Padstow as they trawl the waters off Cornwall:  #Brexit 
No, it isn't. It isn't even AN alternative.But not leaving the EU is.The choice is between a watered-down version of Chequers vs no Brexit.Demand a #PeoplesVote. 
Hi @JamesDuddridge It would be great if you could join our campaign and pledge to #StandUp4Brexit#Chequers is not Brexit#Rochford #Southend 
"Welsh" Labour is "UK" Labour,It serves London,And London says no second referendum,Good little Taffies know their place...  
My problem is with people who commit electoral fraud, lie and cheat.There is nothing about Brexit that instils any sense of decency, justice or fairness. I'll die before I accept it.You wouldn't let a drugs cheat keep their gold medals. Why would you reward criminals? 
Mini-thread: About to leave Abuja and head for Lagos after PM meeting with President Buhari. This trip is all about post-Brexit trade-but one irony is though we are leaving the EU (thereby fragmenting an economic bloc) much of Africa is moving in the other direction...(1) 
Why is the Catalan independence movement at times called "populist"?The movement AGAINST independence has much more in common with modern "populist" movements (Brexit, Trump, Five Star, etc.).Look at:-Education-Immigration-Obedience/authorityAnd make your own conclusions.  
Sinn Féin MEP @M_AndersonSF today published the party's submission to the Constituency Convention calling for a the creation of a northern constituency ahead of the May 2019 elections and for the the two additional Irish seats post-Brexit to be allocated to that constituency.  
MAY SAYS she is “closing in on a Brexit deal”.  If she means Chequers deal, have 2 accept free movement!  No f....... way!  @BorisJohnson 
#poll You, Jeremy Corbyn & Brexit! Please retweet once voted - Many thanks  
WATCH: David voted Leave but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal & is calling for young people to stand up, get organised & register to vote . Please RT:  
“With Brexit, they decided to go to other countries where there was not the threat that work would be removed”  
Stop Paying $300 for Glasses - Here's How! 
This statement of @EricIdle is the essence of what Europe and the European Union is all about. Brexit is a step back into dark times as evil fascism and nationalism is rising again. Therefore #EU27Voices4UKRemain @julienfouchet1 @Eu27K @unitedeurope_eu 
I love how Brexit is meant to be racist while simultaneously making the EU whiter. You can't win. 
They are actually talking about leeching off all the hard work done promoting Scotland the Brand to Bolster their flagging Brexit Britain trade.This would be catastrophic for Scottish producers and must not happen 
I thought the @Conservatives were pro Brexit? 
This week’s cover: The people vs Brexit. Rod Liddle and Katy Balls on a very elite uprising  
I was a Tory member & donor up until 2013 , I left over the referendum. For the party chairman @BrandonLewis to pick and choose the members they like seems a dangerous path. Many might think I’m more @Conservatives than @Anna_Soubry 
“We let them vote in our referendum”.What the ?  
Barnier 'failing to make himself available for Brexit talks' Barnier who said he would be available 24/7 for Brexit talks is constantly making himself unavailable making ‘No Deal ‘ Brexit more likelySeems the EU are messing the UK about.Poisonous fools. 
Why is the Conservative Party screening new members who only want to ensure it sticks to its manifesto commitment of delivering on Brexit and not leaving the world’s fifth largest economy in some bizarre halfway house?!  
I'm increasingly hopeful #Brexit won't be delivered because trust in politicians has evaporated, and has been replaced by a renewed faith in #expert opinion - such as that of @JasonJHunter - and proper #democracy. Hence the ever-growing demands for a #PeoplesVote  
Why Brexit is the best thing that could have happened for the world’s developing nations 
1 (2)Brexit has impoverished our once respected and respectable nation both financially and emotionally. Europeans feel confusion, pity, disbelief, anger that such a small- minded ideology has gripped a gullible section of the UK. Brexit leaders have used smoke & mirrors  to lie 
The UK’s plan to build a rival GPS is a bonkers Brexit scheme  
The Government could face a #Brexit defeat next Tuesday if the Lords send back ‘a Customs Union’ amendment to the Commons on the Cross-Border Trade Bill. @LabourLordsUK must not let this opportunity go to waste. 
Friends! More facts!Fact - Vote Leave broke the law by winning the referendum, which was against Our EU's rules.Fact - The referendum was advisory, unless Remain won.Fact - Evidence I've just made up shows that Brexit will cause WW3 etc.Talk about something very wrong here!  
#Taiwan's LGBTI community is coming together to campaign ahead of a #EqualMarriage referendum slated for November 
A cracking piece from El Pais (in English) "Brexit, a dead end street"  #fbpe 
Young people are having their futures stolen by Brexit. With 82% of those who have turned 18 since the referendum wanting to remain in the EU, the population is becoming more pro-remain everyday. The will of the people in 2016 is not the same as today...  
Just a word to the wise but trolling isn't activism whereas civil disobedience is. #Brexit  
Torygraph again..... when will they realize that it’s Brexit that is worrying pensioners and many others, especially here in Spain.  
Let's be clear, #brexit is not about the EU, it's not even about Britain. It's about the rise of the Right globally and the march to fascism.  When Farage holds #brexit "rallies", they are a call to arms not for brexit, but for the rise of the Far Right and fascist regime. #FBPE 
The more I see people _still_ opposed_ to Indy despite slow-motion Brexit disaster unfolding and almost daily exposures about WM Tory austerity cruelty and corruption, the more amazed I am that Yes achieved even 45% in 2014. 
The U.K. will look at an alternative satellite network in case Brexit forces Britain out of the EU's Galileo project  
The Govt is clearly losing the plot. They talk up trade with Africa yet also claim that a ‘no-deal Brexit’ with EU, our largest trading partner, would not be a catastrophe. Their trade policy is incoherent at best – the people clearly need a #FinalSayOnTheDeal 
I just met with Macedonian Foreign Minister @dimitrov_nikola.We @theprogressives fully support the name agreement reached between the two parties . It is now for the citizens to participate in the referendum and exercise their democratic rights.  
"My frustration with those leaping to a second referendum is it further inflames this idea of an arrogant political class, which isn't listening and isn't dealing with the issues that gave rise to the referendum in the first place."  
Funny Theresa May currently in Africa looking to forge trade deals ahead of Brexit but this is the same woman who made it harder for international students to find jobs let alone study in the U.K.  
Excellent article by Michael Farrell in today’s @IrishTimes warning of the imminent risk of eroding fundamental rights in Brexit process  
LET US NOT FORGET THE REAL AND TANGIBLE REASON BEHIND BREXIT..  
On this subject, apparently 2m small parcels per day enter the UK, the vast majority from the EU. How can they scale this up to cope with that volume after Brexit ? The last time we had a Customs/VAT border with Europe was pre-online shopping.  
I know your whole thing is “pay attention peasants for I am superior to you,” but that’s an extremely inelegant construction. If you feel you MUST use the subjunctive then “... should Brexit not be delivered” would have been  far better.  
The UKIP/Far Right hockey stick graph.Before the #Brexit referendum only around 10% of the population were the slightest bit interested in the EU.Then along came Farage and his racist xenophobic pals to stir up hatred of all things foreign and Bang, the genie is out the bottle  
Thank you Broward County voters and community for overwhelmingly passing the ½ mill referendum to raise funds to support @browardschools students and teachers. #BCPSStrong 
Did you vote leave? When doing so did you consider the impact on the #goodfridayagreement and peace in Northern Ireland?Watch this from @PatricKieltyBoth are at threat due to brexit!Want peace? Know it's ok to change your mind and become a #RemainerNow#StopBrexit 
This Brexit farrago is a disgraceful moment in our history. It has polluted our society, undermining the BBC, exposing so many of our politicians as third-rate spineless lying hypocrites, the whole thing irrational in the extreme. It’s a nightmare we need to wake up from, fast. 
We've helped out at Lidl by putting 'Brexit price rise' stickers out for them.As a German supermarket, they are firmly in the remain camp. #FBPE 
HEYr u angry over the shitshow of Brexit?would u agree we deserve a vote on final deal as even the people who voted for leaving EU aren’t getting what they were falsely promised?Then follow @FFSake_! visit their site to see what you can do!#peoplesvote pic.twitter.com/HjHygBDpCG 
Ah... so that’s it... not the lies and cheating that went on in the referendum then?  
Thank you Broward County for supporting the 1/2 mill referendum to secure funding for teacher compensation, school security and essential programs for our students. #BCPSStong 
Treacherous Tories push Brexit talks back again"UKIP called the Tories out on their duplicity from day one and I hope that the British people will not be fooled by them again." - UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP 
He’s mixed his tenses. If he wants that Brexity, olde-worlde, ultra-Moggish conditional “were”, he should have said “trust WOULD evaporate”. He gives himself away with that future “trust WILL evaporate”, which should go with “WHEN Brexit is not delivered”, not “if”.  
Theresa May has big plans for a 'new partnership' with Africa's largest economies after Brexit. But here's what's been happening in recent years. Read more:  
Royal College of Nursing backs second Brexit referendum due to 'health risks' - Sky News  
Our latest win comes from @Winch_Labour!Brilliant to hear they have passed their version of the @Remain_Labour & @Labour4EU motion for #Lab18. It calls on the party to back a #PeoplesVote and campaign to #Remain in the EU.#Brexit is not inevitable. 
The Brexit "dividend" for Scotland means 80,000 lost jobs, a shrinking the economy by £12 billion over the next decade and a 10 percent reduction in incomes by 2030. There will still be some "winners" all those ermine clad comrades on £300 per day  
You can't blame Michel Barnier if he is "failing to make himself available for Brexit talks" as much as the Tories would like, just to discuss the dead Chequers plan. That bloody fool David Davis wasted most of the last two years & rarely went to Brussels.  
1. Labour Schism: the threat's real if there's not a major shift in #Brexit policy at Conference.A #BrexitShambles harms UKA #PeoplesVote is DemocraticA #FinalSay Confirms the Will#Remain + Current Deal is Best DealProb is the Leadership Stance#FBPE 
Assisted dying was legalised in Canada through parliament and in Oregon via a referendum. In other places considering legalising assisted dying, how should the question be answered? #OpenFuture 
British shop prices set for ‘severe, quick and significant’ increase due to Brexit, warns business group  
We'll be dragging out Brexit 'til the cows come home!  To avoid a No Deal, Article 50 will have to be extended, but the EU have said we can only do that if we have an election......or a #PeoplesVote.  Come on @theresa_may, give us a #FinalSay!  
Was working in Colchester library earlier.There was a lady sat at a table nearby giving careers advice for unemployed people. The advertisement read "Skills and careers advice here" and, at the bottom "European Union Social Fund".Will the Govt match this funding post-Brexit? 
#KnowYourNaxals◆Gautam Navlakha◆●Friend of Known separatist Ghulam Nabi Fai●Barred from entering Srinagar & detained under sec 144 of the code of criminal procedure.●Supports referendum in Kashmir.  
Put brexitters in charge of Brexit, they fail to engage with the EU for two years, then we scream unfair when EU won't cancel everything in their calendar to help us sort everything at the left minute. Brexitters have turned my country into a global joke. 
The focus around Brexit should be on exposing the new depths to which Whitehall's Project Fear has sunk, writes David Blake  
In our letter to party leaders we state that Brexit poses an immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care. We explain the challenges posed by the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, including the exacerbation of long-standing problems such as workforce sustainability.  
Economic damage from Brexit will hang over an entire generation who overwhelmingly opposed it.How is this fair?#PeoplesVote #OFOC 
The Missouri Senate Election is a Referendum on Supreme Court and Tax Cuts  via @gatewaypundit 
I think Barnier must by now have concluded, as I have, that trying to negotiate Brexit with the Tories is a pointless exercise. Perhaps he also realises that Brexit isn't going to happen and instead there's gong to be a referendum or election or both. 
#WednesdayWisdomWE ALREADYTRADE WITH THE REST OF THE WORLD.STOP BREXIT.#StopBrexit 
Absolutely correct. A second referendum would throw a life jacket to this decaying Tory government and will bolster fascists across Britain. If you don't like how things are going, why not fight for a general election that can return a Labour government? 
Great stuff from @SamuelMarcLowe on @mrjamesob, basically saying that everything that May is attempting to do in Africa is just about maintaining the status quo.Brexit won't about improve on what we have, it's now about stopping us losing what we already have as an EU member. 
To summarise this excellent article; Wales, the poorest part of the UK,   has been shafted by austerity, and will be hit hardest by #Brexit.  Very  (very!) tough times ahead. Buckle up. Oh, and resist #Brexit  
Last ditch battle: The fight for EU citizenship for Brits after Brexit 
Here's why i'm a #RemainerNow With all the new facts coming to light. We must have a #peoplesvote on the final #brexit deal with an option to  Remain in the #EU @peoplesvote_uk @RemainerNow 
Tory MP Helen Grant on R5 just called for “more optimism” over Brexit, arguing that the UK got through two world wars and can thus cope with Brexit. I’m really not sure that’s a very positive parallel in itself. 
Upcoming The Left Against Brexit events:Aug 30: Glasgow Sept 10: Oxford Sept 11: Norwich Sept 12: Sheffield Full list & tickets:  
Last night I was on Newsnight, speaking about Theresa May's trip to South Africa, Brexit and #LibDemConf 
Not for 1st time, implication is May knows Brexit’s a mistake but is doing it anyway. If so, surely unprecedented for a PM to pursue major, generational, econ & strategic shift whilst privately thinking it harmful (to the extent she can’t say otherwise even through gritted teeth)  
Today's @Independent cartoon... #TheresaMay #MayInAfrica #Brexit  
What's the point @theresa_may ? If your Chequers-and-Merkel White Paper on the Brexit deal is what we end up with, we (the UK) won't be able to agree a trade deal with Nigeria, South Africa or anyone else without the EU's approval.  
Excellent meeting w. PM @Zoran_Zaev. Impressed by the vision & leadership of @VladaMK to strengthen good neighbourly relations.The name agreement w.sets an example for the region & Europe. I strongly encourage citizens to exercise their democratic rights at the referendum.1/2  
#Iran: #Humanrights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh faces 3 new charges:  “urging a referendum”, “assisting formation of home churches”“organizing protest rallies.” 
You can’t understand Brexit without understanding that Britain is now the world centre for money laundering and the privatised military - me on @RealMediaGB: 
I don't agree with you.Read the Manifesto & Keir Starmer's six tests on #BrexitCan you give me just ONE example where the Labour Leader indulges in *bickering* ?No you CAN'T - because he rises above it !!Turn your fire on the *culprits - AND the Tories .  
It won't tear my vote up, at any foreseeable election (SNP) or at any foreseeable referendum (Indy)...Like most people, I will make every attempt to remain focussed on what is important and what will affect me most. Be great if the media reflected Scotland. 
"We depend on a supply of nurses from the EU" - Dame Professor Donna Kinnair, Acting Chief Executive and General Secretary spoke to @GMB today to explain why a bad brexit deal would jeopardise safe patient care. Read more:  
It will for a couple of reasons:1) The Brexit vote was a vote to erect trade barriers with the EU2) Through the EU we benefit from hundreds of other trade agreements including 0% tariffs with 34 countries in Africa.So Brexit necessarily means diminished trade opportunities. 
Northern Ireland cannot afford to  wait until BREXIT and the RHI Inquiry are over before starting meaningful talks on restoring devolution – SwannThe Secretary of State needs to act now.Read:  
MPs could be denied full analysis of the economic damage caused by a no deal Brexit when they vote later this year. That means voting blind on the impact to their constituents' jobs, living standards and public services. Number 10 must rethink.  
A second EU referendum would harm Britain – whatever the result 
Health Secretary Matt Hancock's stockpiling idea to protect the UK medicine supply in the event of a No-Deal Brexit could cost the tax-payer over £2billion. The hidden costs of Brexit are revealing themselves on a daily basis and they are in the extreme!! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/03JPeM4GBu 
Pleased to hear that managers of high profile football clubs have shown #Brexit the red card.  The economic calamity that is #Brexit is already adversely affecting the UK and if the Govt’s disastrous plans proceed, football would be relegated across the UK. 
There’s a revolving door between the TaxPayers’ Alliance, Brexit Central, the Institute of Economic Affairs, the Adam Smith Institute, the Global Warming Policy Foundation and Leave Means Leave, among others. I’m going after them all in my lawsuit.  
‘@astonmartin CEO @AndyatAston has said today that any tariffs that came in as a result of WTO #Brexit would 'even itself out' and that Britain's economy would benefit from a weaker poundIt’s time to ditch the shackles of #Chequers and #StandUp4Brexit 
A call from the Met?  Is something happening about the fraudulent brexit vote at last? 
People need to forget this idiotic belief that there is some sort of #Brexit deal that isn't bad. Every sort of #Brexit is a disaster.The ONLY sensible thing to do is #RemainInTheEU. 
Aston Martin boss vows Britain’s car trade will BENEFIT from No Deal #Brexit and shrugs off scare warnings.  
@theresa_may secures ‘exact same benefits’ roll-over trade deal that we have already as members of the EU - a tiny fraction of our trade market - and it costs a £4bn bribe!Brexit already costing Treasury £440m a week. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote 
Q. If Brexit goes ahead, how long before the Tories threaten to go to war, for example, with France over fishing rights, Norway over oil, or Spain over Gibraltar?A. The fact that the question can even be asked is reason enough to stop Brexit.Demand a #PeoplesVote NOW! 
Must be a legitimate article on Brexit if it’s coming from someone about to get a call from the Metropolitan Police. And someone who has undermined the very institutions meant to protect the British people from election fraud and the perversion of democracy. 
UK exports to the whole of Africa is about £14bn vs. £274bn to the EU. Still tiny in comparison. I suspect after Brexit exports to the EU will fall by at least as much as what we export to the whole of Africa. 
Theresa May shows thinly veiled contempt for democracy and the rule of law. The ERG aspire to a kleptocracy. Corbyn's favourite countries seem to be Russia, Iran and Venezuela. Is it unreasonable to fear that our democracy is under threat?#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Even if it were in any way acceptable to the British public, outside of the London bubble, “the sands of time have run out for a second referendum. Cable, Chuka, Soubry, Lucas et al are wasting their time because they are out of time”#StandUp4Brexit 
Vote Leave broke electoral law. The referendum in 2016 was not run fairly. This is an official finding, not speculation. If one is serious about democracy, and cite it as a reason to prevent future polls, then one simply can't walk around this elephant. 
The essence of the Soubs view is that if any of the 17 million who voted for #Brexit join the Tories that is somehow extremist 'infiltration'. That is #bonkers 
The Royal College of Nursing has backed a second Brexit referendum, warning a bad deal could "jeopardise patient care"  
We're in the EU. All you've done is proved that being in the EU works. If we leave (big if), the picture won't be the same and you know it. We already have trade deals in Africa, Japan, Australia, Canada etc, via the EU. Brexit will fail. 
The GMB trade union is polling its members on whether there should be a “public vote when we know what the [Brexit] deal looks like”.If the answer is “yes”, pressure will mount on Labour to back a @peoplesvote_uk at conference  
Whereas being ruled by this unelected person with his "Sciatica" is NOT a threat to our liberty, rights and prosperity?!#Brexit  
Last ditch battle: Our fight for EU citizenship for Brits after Brexit  
A customer just told me that she has been buying mail order from a company in Switzerland for a decade and they have just told her that if brexit happens, they will no longer be able to supply her. We are going to be poorer in so many ways, not just financially. #fbpe 
My Dyson died too, after 4 @Dyson I bought a @Miele_GB much better vacuum cleaner,not as noisy,has different suction levels for wooden floors,carpets & curtains, easier to empty, I was never going to buy a @Dyson after Mr Dyson came out in favour of Brexit, I made right decision  
Yet more fanmail in the Lammy office. I will not be silenced. I'll continue to speak out on the negative impact Brexit will have on my constituents & the rest of the country. Oh & if you insist on sending my your bigoted thoughts, at least have the decency to pay the postage.  
French fishing vessels in British water - clashes on the English Channel!RETWEET to remind the French that WATERLOO SHALL COMETH AGAIN if they continue to plunder our fishing stocks!98% of UK fishing industry want #Brexit - UK waters for UK vessels!  
Seems the government doesn’t want to give MPs a proper economic analysis of a 'no-deal' Brexit  
This is utter nonsense from Soubs.  We shld be delighted & welcoming new members whatever their #Brexit views. Delighted tht @HarlowTories membership has increased by 24% because we"re an active #compassionate community focused @Conservatives Association 
EU citizens! We have had such good results in recent elections by calling #Brexit voters names and labelling them as racists and fascists. We need to keep up the good work. It will definitely mean we win a #peoplesvote and stop the UK leaving the EU. 
Our FOI request has found the key mechanism for driving ‘no deal’ Brexit preparation in Whitehall: the ‘EU Exit Inter-Ministerial Group’. @jl_owen  explains how it works, and who is in it.  
Why is it so hard for people to do basic research? Go on EU’s tariff website, type in product and country.  Tariffs have been lifted on numerous countries before the final EPAs have been ratified. You can defend or promote Brexit without telling total lies. 
Normal Conservatives: A surge in membership is a very good thing. It reinvigorates the party and will help us win elections.Anna Soubry: No new members unless we can be sure they are basically Lib Dems in disguise so they don't deselect me.@Anna_Soubry #Brexit @Conservatives 
Ever heard politicans say "of course we will welcome the brighest & the best after Brexit"? In reality, there are skill shortages across sectors.My latest article:The UK needs migrants of all skill levels, not just the brightest and best  via @MetroUK 
Labour is now systematically targeting its few pro-Leave MPs for deselection. Actions speak louder than words and these actions identify the party as an active betrayer of Brexit.  
WATCH: Theresa May yet again refused to commit to back Brexit in a referendum.She is keeping an open mind on how she would vote in a #PeoplesVote - so why shouldn't the British public? That's why we're calling for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
EU Galileo GPS system guides cars, trucks, ships, missilesIf Brexit, UK can no longer access GalileoUK Govmnt says “sustained disruption to navigation systems would cost UK £1 billion a day”£1 billion A DAY!Roughly 20 x UK’s EU contribution - in just 1 thing#StopBrexit 
Says man who’s calling for Brexit while his company opens funds in Ireland to get round Brexit.  
It's not environmental idiots, it is UK fishermen who are not respecting this natural resource in a sustainable way.  Anyway, next year the UK fishermen won't be allowed here after brexit, so, I suppose, they don't care anymore. 
Press conference with Michel Barnier and Brexit Secretary was nothing but déjà vu. Tories have failed, yet again, to make any progress in talks, particularly regarding the NI border and post-Brexit custom arrangements. They cannot hide from blame for this #BrexitShambles #fbpe 
"We let them [Northern Ireland and Scotland] vote in our referendum"! #Delusional 
AFTER BREXIT THEY TURN OFF THE GRAVITY 
UK to sign post-Brexit trade deal with three countries that criminalise homosexuality#Tories know no shameMoney is ALL they care about 
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch is a destabilising force in the land of his birth, a ‘cancer on democracy’ who helped enable both Brexit and the Trump presidency to promote right-wing policies for the rich, argues former Australian PM Kevin Rudd:  
Also, and this is important, I think he’s got his tenses wrong. How can he expect to deliver Brexit if he can’t even use a conditional? 
IPOB’s Call For Referendum The Only Way Out, Not Restructuring – Agbakoba  
The #brexit bar has dropped through the floor since 2016. We've gone from:-"Sunlit uplands""It won't be the end of the world" We demand a #PeoplesVote!!  #FBPE 
EU citizens! #Brexit will leave the Brits literally shitting themselves. Thousands upon thousands of portaloos will line every road to cope with the queues of traffic, gridlocked because so many people are trying to flee to the EU, and stuck at customs. 
So my cordless Dyson has died.It didn't last long, always made a ear-splitting racket and (in the last year of its life) mostly belched out hot, rancid air.The battery is rubbish: after 6 mins of desperate sucking, it needs a 3 hour recharge.Post Brexit, what should I buy? pic.twitter.com/8ahABHH3Qp 
And how can businesses buy new software when no-one has even drawn up plans what that software has to do because the Govt have not formed ANY policies or laws post Brexit. The lead times alone have already been exceeded. This is quite literally impossible 
I believe it is within this perceptive that the UK govt must have felt that a visit to Nigeria (which really is a visit focused on post Brexit trade alignment) should be preceded by a show of good faith with the repatriation of the £70 million to soften the ground so to say. 
In an open letter, the Royal College of Nursing says that Brexit is an "immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care" for patients. #PeoplesVote 
Wrong on both, Waton. We voted for independence, not a Norway model. And the £350m for the NHS was merely an example of what we could do with the Brexit Bonus. The Leave Campaign was not in a position to make promises on behalf of the Chancellor.  
The October deadline for a brexit deal is dropped. No surprise here, the EU & UK remainer government know that by pushing it the right the alternative WTO option becomes ever more difficult to implement.  Under May, we’ll never really leave the EU..  
"The health secretary’s plan to set aside six weeks’ worth of vital medicines to avoid supply disruptions in the event of a no-deal Brexit could cost up to £2bn, campaign group @BestForBritain warns..."  
Anyone holding out hope that Corbyn will somehow save us all from Brexit is pie-in-the-sky. He’s as pro-Brexit as May. Scotland has only one way to escape.  
Brexit: EU citizens seek judicial review over access to Home Office records  
It would be such a British thing to find out you been conned by an illegal campaign into doing something outrageously silly such as “Brexit”, and then pretend it’s fine and to go through with it anyway because it would be too embarrassing to admit a mistake. 
I’m still blocked by @Charities_Reg, a public body, for pointing out their partisan actions during the Repeal referendum on my *own* Twitter. I didn’t even step into their feed the way that Trump‘s critics did. Public agencies shouldn’t get to mute criticism.  
Brexit poses a risk to care, say Royal College of Nursing - and they back a #PeoplesVote  
BOOM: Brexit boost as Aston Martin looks set to float on London Stock Exchange. It comes after record profits last year...’despite Brexit’.  
Anyone remember when @jeremycorbyn attacked Brexit on a daily basis, because it will make the rich richer and the poor poorer, and tried to stop it? No? Nor me.  
Today we've sent a letter to party leaders to warn them that a bad Brexit deal would jeopardise safe patient care, and to call on them to support a referendum on the final Brexit deal. Read more @BBCNews:  
Glasses Wearers are Going Crazy Over This Website 
Confidence in UKIP is still increasing post-Chequers. The BBC’s polling expert Sir John Curtice warned the Conservatives after the local elections that they must deliver a clean Brexit as “70% of the Conservative vote are people that voted Leave.” #ChuckChequers 
Steve Baker was supposed to cut ties with European Research Group when he joined the cabinet in 2017 - but newly released emails show that as Brexit minister, he offered ERG private briefings on critical government policy. Latest @openDemocracy exclusive 
Royal College of Nursing backs second Brexit referendum  
Nigerian playwright on #R4today:‘Commonwealth doesn’t mean much - it’s mostly about sport. People in Nigeria will view UK’s interest in Nigeria (and Africa) with skepticism. UK didn’t care for a long time, then Brexit happened.’Global Britain: we care because we’re desperate.  
It would take months to agree the terms of a second referendum – even if there were a majority for it in Parliament – that means that the sands of time have run out for a second ref. Soros, Soubs and Superdry guy have lost a fair bit of time and money...  
You're weekly reminder Scotland is England's playground. A colonial Tory (is there another kind?) says Scotland was priviledged to vote in *his* referendum.  
No doubt we'll be told nurses are part of the elite but they say that Brexit poses an "immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care" for patients. And they back a People's Vote. 
Time’s Up for Second Referendum  
It's "YOU" and your FBPE mates that are enabling Brexit, don't you see it? You preach disunity constantly which weakens Jeremy Corbyn's position! Let me remind you, when the cabinet decision was taken to allow the referendum, 'YOUR LIB DEM FRIENDS, WERE PRESENT AT THE TABLE!"  
I'm not buying this "PM and Chancellor at war" shtick - suits them both. The truth is that the PM has installed and kept in place a Chancellor who has systematically blocked preparations for a WTO Brexit, destroying UK leverage in Brexit negotiations. That's what they both wanted  
"Brexit poses risk to care" says Royal College of Nursing. You cannot state it any clearer than that. We must have a #peoplesvote on this Brexit calamity!  
I work at an airport. According to most remainers my job is directly at threat because of Brexit. Brexit is more important to me than anything, because of what it means to me to become a free nation once again. There are other jobs, there is only one Brexit 
I’m fretting aboot a nae deal Brexit. So, I’ve been busy stockpiling ma hame wi’ the essentials. Time spent in reconnaissance is seldom wasted.  
NEWS:  UK industry to get £92m to design national alternative to EU Galileo satellite system, ensuring UK security post-Brexit. Defence Secretary says it is 'right that we waste no time in going it alone'. Read more here:  @beisgovuk @spacegovuk  
Holocaust deniersWhite supremacistsIslamophobesNationalistsHomophobesBigotsRacistsAnarchistsAnd old men high on nostalgia ...All of them voted for Brexit.Is that really the coalition you want to be identified with?#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote#FBPE 
Whereas trust in politics is gonna go through the roof when literally all the promises of Brexit fail, the population is poorer, and an official investigation proves what @carolecadwalla has already proved - that Russia corrupted our democracy, and Vote Leave actually lost. 
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
Theresa May intends to be Prime Minister for the long term She repeats her slogan: I am delivering the will of the British people Most of us know Chequers is not BrexitThe Brexit we voted for is not safe in her hands#MayMustGo via @MailOnline 
No-deal Brexit: Plan to maintain medicine supplies 'could cost £2bn'No one voted for this. Now that the calamity of Brexit is clear, we need a #peoplesvote on the Brexit deal (or lack of deal!) 
Brexit Latest: The Prime Minister should lie that she thinks Brexit is a good idea because the EU can't be trusted. 
‘Pound will be dumped’ in wake of no-deal Brexit 
Trust in Leave Politicians is evaporating as the Brexit they promised is not delivered.  
Theresa May: “What I’m looking at delivering is what the British people want”. No it’s not, Theresa. We voted for Brexit, not your dog’s breakfast half-in half-out Chequers proposal. 
"There are risks that, if not credibly addressed, may damage population health": @theRCN support a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal:  
The FBPE mob are desperate for a referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal with an option to remain, yet haven't presented the terms of remaining. How can we vote on something we don't know the terms of? Will we have to join the Euro, Schengen, and the EU army? The rebate? 
Humprhys starts #r4today interview with Nigerian High Commissioner with “When many people think of Nigeria, they think of corruption.”UK isn’t in a position to lecture anyone these days: we’re going ahead with Brexit, despite all the lies and corruption. 
Brexit-step @injamusic @HospitalRecords @LondonElek @whineymusic 
I hate to inform you Mr Rees-Mogg but trust in your kind of politics has already evaporated.When the country cannot access good healthcare & medicines, it may well evaporate some more.#Brexit  
Anyone who thinks UK will get a sweetheart trade deal with US after #Brexit should watch how Washington strong-arms Canada in #Nafta renegotiations this week. This is reality. 
Paddy Ashdown absolutely slaughtering those arguing for a second referendum. Cogently argued, sincere words of a true democrat here. Good for him.  
Final Say: 430,000-strong nurse union writes to UK parties to back second referendum - The Independent  
£2 billion to stockpile medicines for 6 weeks. The NHS is on it’s knees & govt may spend £2 billion on stockpiling drugs. Brexit was based on cheating. Vote Leave broke electoral Law. Why are we even discussing this?  
want a no deal Brexit.... What's a business to do?   Spend thousands just in case and find out its wasted when the Gvmnt do a deal?  How about some compensation for that?   Or ignore the Gvmnt and not spend thousands and watch their business go under on 29/3/19? 
Alexa, show me a metaphor for the EU referendum result.  
Right now politics is held together only because the consequences of Brexit are hypothetical. We won't know until we know. When we do, the whole political landscape will change. May's great deception will end the Tories.#Brexit  
Britain has released an estimate of the impact if it can't retain full access after Brexit  
Brilliant to see @GMB_union ballot it’s members to see if they support a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. We already know that Brexit will harm workers rights, which is why massive growing momentum for the left in support of a People’s Vote. #FFS 
“uncoupled from their own history, “unmoored from basic geography“adrift from economic reality.Where @rafaelbehr pins the false premise of the #Brexit trade narrative...and MPs like @DominicRaab who propagate it. 
Bear in mind that if Brexit does indeed turn out to be 'not the end of the world', it will be the first time in two years that May has been correct.  
People who call for a second referendum "don't believe in democracy", said Lord Ashdown shortly before the referendum result came in.  
Will voted leave but here he is on @SkyNews explaining why he changed his mind and why a no deal #brexit would be a disaster for the UK and the 'global britain' he voted for is not what will happen.@will_dryofoc #remainernow 
If nothing else Brexit is a rich source of quotes for the next Indyref campaign...  
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 28, 2018 at 08:50AM, £1 buys 1.1004€. A weak currency is a sign of problems in an economy. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
These are our #FBPE-campaigns in the EU: In France, we fight the anti-EU parties FN and FI. In Germany, we fight the far-right #AfD In Netherlands, we criticise the far-right PVV & FvD In the UK we fight Brexit, the result of far-right meddling in the Brexit-referendum.  
From the man who brought you "Protect your money from Brexit impact by investing outside the UK", Jacob Rees-Mogg soars to the top of the "Hypocrisy UK Top 10 Chart!" with "Trust me, Im a politician!" 
Watch a bunch of Brexiter bampots who want a no deal or hard Brexit previously say they wanted the UK tae stay in the Single Market.  Sleekit fibbers. Don’t trust them. They are talking oot their bahookies. 
BREAKING NEWS BREXIT “Negotiatons”Remember you were told by October they’re over?Well.... they’re not!Now deadline moved to November - but sure that might mean December#BrexitMadness 
French boats ram British fisherman legally fishing for scallops off Normandy coast. More disputes of this kind likely post-Brexit. Is the RN adequately equipped to police our waters and protect fishermen? pic.twitter.com/wfX33xu8LE 
No-deal Brexit: Plan to maintain medicine supplies 'could cost £2bn'  
Labour continues to focus on protecting the anti Semitic views of its leader instead of focusing on opposition, Brexit & the challenges facing the country. They are failing us repeatedly 
To avoid EU stance on fighting tax fraud & evasion? Is this the real reason why Farage and Rees-Mogg want a speedy Brexit?  
430,000-strong nurse union writes to UK parties to back second referendum  
26% of German aid budget is spent in Germany, on their migrant crisis.  Costs have risen 37-fold in just 3 years.  Read our exclusive #Brexit report:  
I went to the secret room at a set time to read themA right faff, & they were released publicly a week or 2 later. What's REALLY shocking is what they say; all Brexit scenarios are bad for all regions of the UK and all sectors of the economy; Hammond (sort of) confirming now 
Amazing really. MPs buggered off on holiday and only 83 of them had bothered to read the Brexit economic impact reports. Did it slip their mind? Did they know it all already? Dereliction of duty, plain idleness or both? 
"Germany Takes '2nd-Most Generous Nation' Award From UK" - but only because they're spending 1/4 of their 'foreign aid' in Germany, on migrants. Great research from the #Brexit Facts4EU team:  
"We let *them* vote in our referendum" Yes or No....just realise, you are a "them", a sub-species, tolerated by your overlords. #DissolveTheUnion #ScotRef 
Welcome and thank you to all our new followers. If you doubt the fairness & legality of the EU referendum, you are in the right place. Our fundraiser launches on Thursday 30 August. The government has until 4pm Friday 31 Aug to respond.#UKEUchallenge 
I will keep banging on about this because May’s continued withholding of documents from Parliament is the biggest loss of sovereignty in 400 years. It’s exactly the OPPOSITE of what Brexit promised.  
It strikes me that those who voted to leave feel they will be immune from the effects of #Brexit.  When will they realise that apart from the Brexeratti, the bots and the trolls, everyone who voted leave or remain are going to feel the effects of #Brexit? 
the rumour is that a new Europhile centrist party could be launched straight after Brexit — in April next year — in order to campaign for the UK to rejoin the EU  
Letters: A second EU referendum would harm Britain  
So #Leavers we've established the UK trades all over the world, Parliament is sovereign, democratically elected MEPs represent the people, UK already has control over its borders,EU migration is essential, there's no £350 a week for the NHS. So why #Brexit and damage the economy? 
pitch: a new post-Brexit satellite system with everything in imperial measures 
At The Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference we will be “Re-making The Case For Europe: re-learning why the EU has been a force for good” with @JMPSimor @acgrayling @albawhitewolf & @RCorbettMEP. A long overdue discussion! 
With the clock ticking on a Brexit deal, the PM opts to go on a tour of Africa. If the UK loses 10% of its EU market that would dwarf total current trade with Africa and be hugely greater than any additional trade that might be secured. Still, lots of nice photo opportunities. 
Trump warns of violence if GOP loses in Nov elections. Brexiters warn of violence if there's a Peoples Vote to overturn Brexit. Is there a common thread here? 
Wales has no options: it is a bystander. Time for Wales to wake up and seek Brexit reversalWalesaccording to independent authoritative sources, will come off worst out of Brexit. Welsh politicians, have some courage, Brexit threatens Wales more than any other UK region’s welfare.  
OMG let THIS sink in:Mrs May told Sky News: "We're not in the business of having a 2nd referendum on Brexit. What we're in the business of doing is delivering Brexit so, what somebody would vote for today is not the issue"The robot has ONE MODE only & marches on in oblivion 
"The arrogance is incredible, dangerous, but at this stage, what we've come to expect." | WATCH: Video of Tory MP saying 'we let the Scots vote on Brexit' goes viral  #IAmMcBoticus #CringeNoMore #DissolveTheUnion 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has said that "Trust in politics will evaporate if Brexit were not delivered" - the Tories have decimated the UK though austerity, greed & in-fighting. There is no trust left, just Tories asset stripping the UK propped up by a right wing gutter press... #r4today 
I didn't think it would be so easy to lose our liberal democcracy. I honestly thought our system was more robust than this. #brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
What vital national interest led the Prime Minister to spend week on other side of world while Northern Ireland starting 590th day without a Govt & her Govt heading to a Brexit crash?Like Callaghan in Guadeloupe while Britain on strike in 1979 - ‘crisis, what crisis?’ 
Trust in politics will dissipate faster than a unicorn's fart in a thunderstorm if Brexit is delivered Mr Mogg.  
430,000-strong nurse union writes to UK parties to back second referendum  
Britain and the EU drop October deadline for Brexit deal, sources say, in another sign that negotiators are struggling to make headway  
Aston Martin, James Bond’s favourite car, to announce its first profit since 2010.  It will be despite Brexit of course 
A referendum of such consequence  should never be decided by qualified majority. It has to take at least a 2/3 majority to make such all encompassing decisions, since it deeply affects all citizens, not just 50%+1 vote. 
Brexit poses an "immediate risk to the provision of safe and effective care" for patients in the UK, according to the Royal College of Nursing. It also backs a #peoplesvote on any Brexit deal.  
Hours ahead of her arrival in Nigeria, during her first trip to the continent as prime minister, Theresa May announces plans to boost Britain's investment in Africa after Brexit  
Final Say: Former SAS chief calls no-deal a ‘major security concern’ as he backs fresh #Brexit referendum #PeoplesVote 
Thank you Broward for supporting @browardschools students and teachers by supporting the 1/2 mill referendum!  
Brexit: ""The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed."  And praised by an unscrupulous opportunistic ideologue.  Seems like the terrible short-sighted gaffe was made by you @jkenney 
Judge refuses to stop B.C.'s referendum on proportional representation voting system  
Midterms are a referendum on becoming a mafia state too. So there’s that. 
Therein lies the problem... "Political Leaders".Theresa May is just an "Administrator", claims to be delivering as instructed. A "Leader" would have the balls to say "The advisory Brexit vote was marginal. It will be bad for economy, jobs, living standards. We're not doing it!" 
The cover of today’s @Independent - nearly 800 days since the Brexit referendum and still deals for 99% of UK trade to be negotiated.  
The 2016 referendum’s lies, crimes & false promises delivered 37% of a deliberately restricted electorate for Leave. Your dishonesty in twisting this as ‘democracy’ is beyond nauseating.  
Talk of a no deal Brexit is stupid. In 2016, if No Deal Brexit had been an option, less than half of people would’ve voted for it over Remain. It wouldn’t be undemocratic for the British people to ignore the non-legally binding Brexit referendum and reconsider leaving the EU. 
BREAKING: Britain and the EU drop October deadline for Brexit deal and are now aiming for mid-November, sources say  
Theresa May is currently in South Africa, trying to build a post Brexit trade deal.As a Tory, she supported South African apartheid, as heartily as she  supports the current draconian Israeli model.Remember the infamous Tory poster ?  
On behalf of the students and teachers in Broward County Public Schools, BTU would like to thank the voters of Broward County for their overwhelming support of the referendum.  
The midterms are a referendum not just on Trump but on Christianity. Yes, he actually said that.  
This race is probably the best referendum on Trump yet. A guy who basically tattooed Trump’s face on his ass vs. a black progressive Medicare for All supporter.  
I voted my conscience and voted for you.  Congratulations. Now we need to do everything in our power to elect you Governor.  This race is bigger than our state issues.  It’s a referendum on Trump.  We gotta win!!!! 
Two more @realDonaldTrump backed candidates win in Florida.  What happened to the media narrative about races being a referendum against @realDonaldTrump? 
Brexit: narrowing down the options - in which the only option is for Mrs May to engineer a "no deal", blaming it and the consequences on "Brussels bullies", uniting the nation against a common external enemy by invoking the "Blitz spirit"...  #Br4exinfo. 
Theresa May to visit Nigeria as Brexit trade mission continues  
Recalling @KarnaMikko Finnish MP campaigner's backing for #Catalonia's Independence : agreed #referendum is THE WAY to int'l recognition.BUT #Spain doesn't want that recognition which is why Catalans are determined to PEACEFULLY generate int'l support to force that agreement 
"If #Brexit doesn't happen some people will be angry"This is their best argument to justify the economic, social, cultural and environmental damage Brexit is going to do to our countryOur list of reasons to #StopBrexit is endlessYour reasons are pathetic @LeaveMnsLeave 
It might be fine (withdrawal agreement with transition), it might be a massive ball ache (carnets and work permits needed), or it might be impossible (a genuine no deal Brexit). 
#Italy's patriotic new deputy #primeminister isn't one to mince his words. Once again he hits the nail right on the head - the #EU is a #corruptracket that doesn't deserve any of our money! ! The Great @matteosalvinimi! @ConHome #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #UK #EU #BREXIT @DCBMEP 
Your daily reminder that no single party in the UK has a mandate to carry out Brexit. They had a general election to gain one, and all of them lost. Not easy in a "first past the post" system. So there's no mandate, and no majority for any kind of Brexit that's been proposed. 
"What planet are you on?! The #EU27 has never looked more disunited!" #NigelFarage crushes the insane boasts of delusional #Eurocrat #HermanVanRompuy!  @ConHome @Conservatives #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #Tory #ConservativeParty @BrexitStewart @DCBMEP #BREXIT #UK 
So, trump told white evangelical preachers 2tell their congregations there will be violence against Christians if Dems win Congress during midterms? He reportedly said: "This November 6 election is very much a referendum on not only me,it's a referendum on your religion..." WTF?! 
Hmmm. I’m not talking about Cambridge Analytica at all? I’m talking about Boris, Vote Leave, Number 10 & Brexit. I’m referring to the fact that the law has been broken to win a campaign. I think the stability of democracy is more important than questions like this, no? 
Actually we're REAL PEOPLE who have had enough bullshit from Westminster - #DissolveTheUnion #YouYesYet #ScotlandCan - the Tory Brexit is the one thing that's actually killed the Union especially with their #NoDealPlans 
ERRR....Wasn't the African Union modelled on the EU?With the aim of moving "towards a Peaceful, Prosperous & Integrated Africa"?Like we have a Peaceful, Prosperous & Integrated Europe?It would be hypocritical of a continent which has benefited from unity to support #Brexit  
Ticketing a political rally...?Can people not identify the true motives behind Nigel's engagement in political activities?Brexit was never about improving the lives of British People#Brexit benefits no-one other than a minority of self-serving political elite  
Thank you Orange County voters for passing the one mill special referendum. Because of the support of our community, we can continue leading our students to success. #FloridaPrimary #OCPS 
On a visit to Africa, UK PM May met with South African leader Ramaphosa and proclaimed her support for the theft of land from white farmers. With increasing censorship in the UK and the failure to implement Brexit - this video asks what is May thinking?  
If he campaigned against it, he would be pilloried for ‘going against democracy’ (even though the vote was obtained illegally). He literally can’t win where Brexit, a Conservative abortion, is concerned. 
In not opposing Brexit, Corbyn supports Brexit. He refuses to allow a democratic final say, while endorsing a corrupted referendum in which the Leave campaign broke electoral law. Please stop trying to defend him as a man of principle. He really isn't.#PeoplesVote 
I know couples who’re telling me they don’t want kids because they know only too well what their lives would be like in Brexit Britain. 
I can just about understand why people voted for brexit, so much was promised, much of which had nothing to do with the EU, much of which was lies.Now that they know the ugly reality, why do they persist?#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll 
Not the kind of person to point out the idiocy of my fellow countrymen.But.If people stopped giving a shit about vacuous toss like The Great British Bake off, and started reading those Brexit impact reports, then Brexit would be shitcanned by the end of the week. #GBBO 
The BC Liberals and their big money friends don't want people to have their say on BC's voting system. Good news: the BC Supreme Court rejected a bid to stop this fall's referendum on proportional representation. #bcpoli #prorep 
"As 6 & 7 September approach it's important to remember that @ForcadellCarme is in prison for allowing the debate and vote on the Laws of Referendum and Juridical Transition. For doing her job! #LlibertatPresesPolitiques #FreeThemAll" @jordisalvia 
Dear leavers, I know u get annoyed the clever ppl aren't showing up to make your stupid Brexit work. 2 reasons-1.The clever ppl are not on your side2.Einstein couldn't make your country destroying plan work 
This is true.  Also true is that this is what I feared would happen, we'd go round the world getting identical or inferior deals to those we have as EU members, and the press would go 'Yay, a trade deal!'.  For Brexit to be worth it our deals must surpass those of the EU.  
Theresa May’s plan, July 2016:• Stand for power• Appoint a 70% Remainer Cabinet• Recruit Remainer advisers and let them run it• Insist it’s a ‘Brexit govt’• Deliver a sham Brexit plan• Deride real Brexit• Help the sham plan by making no other preparations• Hold on 
Any customs experts on here?If i take a job to Italy I can’t drive through Swiss unless I have transit papers I have to drive around-post brexit if i take a job to Berlin am I free to drive across borders with no checks?- And who will process my papers as there are no borders.. 
Trump heads into a midterm referendum on his presidency showing no real progress on a core promise: to raise the wages of America’s “forgotten man and woman"  
While reporters and journalists try to get a pointless soundbite on whether politicians think Brexit is a good or bad idea...can they also try asking why there hasn’t been any government action re: the biggest electoral scandal in this country’s history. Priorities... 
‘As we approach conference there’s clearly increasing pressure from the left of the party for a shift in the leadership position.’The Left is mobilising behind a #PeoplesVote to stop the Tories’ disastrous Brexit. Get involved at  
Good point well made but i sometimes wish we could keep things a little more current. Like e.g. the fact that Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn are denying the people of this country a vote on the final Brexit deal. None of whom are going to be on the right side of history re- Brexit 
This is set to be an extremely exciting play about Brexit! We've heard that the script by Jane Robins' (@alfresca) and Julie Burchill is likely going ruffle a few Remainer feathers, so get your tickets now! It's on at @TheUnionTheatre from 2nd September. 
Some of the Boer farms in South Africa have been farmed by the same family for longer than the USA has been a country & you @theresa_may support "land reform" (state theft at gunpoint) That & Brexit betrayalYou are the worst Prime Minister UK has ever had 
Brexit isn’t worth it  
‘Former SAS chief calls no-deal a ‘major security concern’ as he backs fresh Brexit referendum’Bloody SAS - the unpatriotic buggers clearly don’t care about their country.......  
I tell ye this...this is gonnae happen tae Britain after those sleekit numpties behind Brexit have had their wicked way wi’ all of us plebs.  
The last time Berahino scored:Obama was PresidentBrexit hadn’t happenedMbappe hadn’t signed a pro contractMcDonalds did still Fanta There was 151 PokemonYou had 16 top friends on BeboGot holidays from TeletextFreddos were 5pThe Simpsons was on Season 1  
When Theresa May says we're not having a second referendum, it's worth reminding ourselves how emphatic she was about not calling a snap election a few months before she did it.  
Delivering on the substance and spirit of the referendum result will strengthen the bond between the elector and the elected. Abnegating the result will sever it. Why can so few politicians see this?  
Because I hate having a boss, and inspired by Brexit, I have decided to quit my tenured position at Yale and start my own law school. If I’m incredibly lucky, I will have built in fifty years what I now have today. #Sovereignty 
Lewis - perhaps a follow-up Q to PM: “If Brexit turns out to be bad for Britain, who should the public blame - your Government, or people who voted to Leave?” 
Labour is finally being manoeuvred towards a better #Brexit position  
And @iaindale invited on #NewsNight to share his nonexistent expertise on Brexit yet again. The BBC is addicted to the liars and dickheads that want to close it down. 
"I think this is going to be a make or break conference about Brexit,” says Layla Moran MP on the upcoming Labour Party conference, adding that her Labour colleagues seem “frustrated". @LaylaMoran | #newsnight 
Massive and damaging change based on a wafer thin victory in an advisory referendum won by lies and illegal funding is NOT the way to instill trust in politics 
......sorry, what the actual fuck? i don't think facts are going to do it with this lot, and apparently emotion won't do it either if they're happy to sacrifice children for Brexit. how do you get through to religious extremists? because i think that's what we're up against here.  
The UK is going to spend close to £100m exploring the development of a domestic satellite navigation system as a fallback after Brexit  
Every Brexiter who opposes a #PeoplesVote is saying loud and clear that they believe Remain would win. It's as simple as that. They know they'd lose!#Brexit 
That’s UKIP propaganda. EU is more transparent & Democratic than UK eg present govt didn’t win the GE17 so no mandate for Brexit ; bribed £1B to DUP ; & told HM they’d formed the Govt before they had. So you are one of the ignorant ppl of which you speak. #stopbrexit 
Secondary schools all over Scotland blocked access to YES and Independence sites during the first Independence ReferendumAccess to Better Together sites... no problemNever forget that  
What an amazing front page. 797 days since the referendum and Theresa May has secured trade deals for only 0.7% of British exports.  
Brexit space race on as Theresa May launches £92m satellite project to rival EU's Galileo  
If Scotland votes Yes before Brexit will Theresa May visit us seeking trade agreements? 
FACT: England voted 53.4% for Leave so doesn't seem like a landslide to me. Large remain majority in Scotland was over smaller electoral base. Get your facts straight - 
Central banks & sovereign wealth funds likely to sell up to £100bn of UK bonds & precipitate a balance of payments crisis if Brexit talks break down, Bank of America has warned clients.Then maybe the BoE will be forced to raise rates & asset prices will normalise? 
Should Maryland voters be able to register and vote on the same day???Absolutely!So make sure you vote “yes” on this referendum item in November.#moredemocracy 
When you lose new followers the moment they realise you’re a Tory and/or support Brexit It’s astonishing how many people are thoroughly intolerant of views which differ from their own, and think it’s healthy to need to create online echo chambers to validate their opinions. 
A former and now faded colonial power has gone back to the colonies it pillaged to ask for trade deals to help if financially. If Carlsberg did schadenfreude...#Brexit #TheresaMay #Africa 
They didn’t commit electoral fraud . Again so widespread Electoral Commission state 2016 ref no longer a mandate . And even if both sides cheated , you do understand that doesn’t make the referendum more democratically legitimate but less , right ? #StopBrexit 
I completely agree that this election is a referendum on your religion, free speech and the First Amdmt.  Let's save our country, and its value of openness and respect for all by throwing out all the hypocrites and enablers.  After all, the GOP died with McCain. 
UK trade with the entire continent of Africa is less than the UK’s trade with one EU country (Spain). “Theresa May pledges Africa investment boost after Brexit - BBC News  
A no deal Brexit is looking more & more likely. Tory Brexit is a disaster.A General Election is looking imminent.Time to join LAB & help us fight this horrific Tory party.We will need everybody!Join today. It's reasonably priced & easy to join! 
Great from @PatricKielty (whose father was murdered during the Troubles)  on how seamless the Northern Irish border is today and how Brexit threatens progress made     @sarahwollaston @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Anna_Soubry @eloisetodd #FBPE 
If Britain didn't provide half the fish to EU pot but only get a 10% share back in the channel maybe we wouldn't need to chase scallops?French expect to pillage our waters with impunity but 5 UK boats get mauled by 40!Don't expect favours post Brexit! 
Priri Patel talking of the importance of confidence and trust in politicians.Resigned as a Minister for falling below "standards of transparency and openness" and champions Brexit to slash public spending and regulations.Writes articles full of lies.  
Former SAS chief says no-deal Brexit would be 'major security concern' as he calls for fresh referendum  
If you want to complain about BBC bias regarding the EU, Brexit or Israel, it turns out that there is no way to contact the BBC board, despite it being responsible for all BBC activities. This must surely change. Please contact your MPs and demand action. Make the BBC accountable 
Just told a tourist the reason Big Ben is covered in scaffolding is because we’ve got to dismantle it and return it to Brussells after Brexit. I’m a bad Londoner. 
Very encouraging to hear. IRL has stuck to insisting on its national interest as an EU member state and has received as expected the deserved EU26 solidarity that being a member of the club ensures whilst facing such a major economic and security challenge as Brexit.  
A former chief of the SAS has backed the campaign for a second Brexit referendum and warned that a no-deal outcome would lead to major security concerns for the UK. 
Trade with sub-Saharan Africa - 1.5%. Trade with EU - 45%. Prime Minister, could you please do your job, stop the cheap stunts on the other side of the world, & stop Brexit with a people’s vote?  
"This Nov 6 election is very much a referendum on not only me, it's a referendum on your religion, it's a referendum on free speech and the First Amendment," says guy who wants govt to control Google results, uses his office to punish critics, tells NFL to fire players who kneel  
British trawlers pelted with stones by French fishermen as Brexit reignites 'scallop wars'. We need to get the Navy to protect our waters! 
HOW TALL ARE U — Kmt no one wants to ask about my views on brexit  
Scallop management needed but violence hypocrisy.French have 90% of channel stocks & fish 6nm off our coast!Equal access to common EU resource where some are more equal!If they want any access for half our fish they take post Brexit shld pull neck in. 
Read article to open your horizon with FTA’s across the world. Only can this be done if Chequers Plan is dumped a Strategy for BREXIT now essential@SteveBakerHW @bernardjenkin @patel4witham @OwenPaterson @LeaveMnsLeave @StandUp4Brexit @KateHoeyMP #Brexit 
No-deal Brexit devastates the economy, our jobs and peoples lives. For a PM to consider it and falsely claim 'we can make a success' of it is sickening.It's the actions of a Govt that has lost any sense of integrity, truth, or care for the people of our country.#PeoplesVote 
So post brexit englandshire is looking to the African continent as it's future saviour ..... Stop laughing folks 
Theresa May is trying to destroy the Brexit vote & is using her terrible Chequers deal to make sure we don’t really leave & EU rule over the UK continues. Brexiteer MPs must take her down to save Brexit. It is time for Mogg, Boris & all the others to take a stand..  
2016: “No downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside”Today: It won't be quite as bad as the destruction of Earth and every living being on it!How anyone still supports this farce given the remarkable downwards trajectory of Tory expectation management is anybodies guess. 
THE FRENCH HAVE WON THE FIRST EPISODE OF BAKE OFF. THIS ISN'T WHY WE VOTED BREXIT. THEY ARE JUST RUBBING IT IN NOW. #GBBO 
The Morning Star, Apr 16, 2014 · The EU and Nato have now become the tools of US policy in Europe. ... Jeremy Corbyn. And this is the leader of the only party than can stop Brexit. 
If remainers voted for Labour in the last election they were voting for their manifesto which, along with the Tories, promised a hard Brexit..   
Fact - VoteLeave broke the law to win the referendum. Fact - The referendum was advisory.Fact - less than half the electorate voted to leave. Fact - evidence shows that ANY Brexit scenario will harm the economy, services, and ultimately us. There is something very wrong here 
President Trump to Christian leaders: “This November 6th election is very much a referendum on not only me, it's a referendum on your religion, it's a referendum on free speech and the First Amendment."  
Trump, fearmongering to evangelical leaders: "You're one election away from losing everything that you've got…This November 6th election is very much a referendum on not only me, it's a referendum on your religion."  
Union leaders to put pressure on Jeremy Corbyn to back referendum on final Brexit deal. Common TUC, you know it makes sense for jobs, workers' rights, exports ……  
Même aujourd'hui, Mrs May refuse de dire si oui ou non elle voterait pour le Brexit !Thank goodness for #Skynews and journalists like @lewis_goodall, who make the PM visibly uncomfortable, like the BBC used to do, should do but doesn't do any more 
I hope @Conservatives Association Chairmen have distributed this letter from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg (#ERG Chairman) to their membership. Party members deserve access to all #Brexit viewpoints & not just the universally lambasted #Chequers plan thrust upon our MPs by @theresa_may 
"Why Is This Happening?" podcast: Are people feeling "Bregret?" Connecting Trump, Brexit and racial grievance  via @NBCNewsTHINK #WITHpod 
So few people voted for no deal and it would be disastrous, so I signed this petition!Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
UK trawlers surrounded by French fishermen and pelted with stones, in row over scallop beds:  #Brexit 
Nicola Sturgeon's SNP bleat about the number of jobs at risk through Brexit. They are silent about the number of jobs which would be lost through Independence. Snake Oil Selling for Scotland. 
"@EmmanuelMacron calls on EU to stick to hardline #Brexit stance amid softening towards Britain’s proposals"  France don't like #Chequers, we don't like Chequers, why the heck are they still pushing it?Just get us out already. 
"We let then vote in our referendum": This has to be seen by everyone living in Scotland.  Scots are "them" in the eyes of the British Establishment! 
Theresa May has once again refused to say whether she would now back Brexit - and @Nigel_Farage believes he knows the reason why the PM won’t answer the question  
Soft #Brexit is bad. Hard Brexit is awful. No deal Brexit is a disaster.They are on a spectrum of bad. It is just a matter of degree.This is known to the majority of MPs.You know it too. Please do something about Brexit, not just #NoDealBrexit .#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Holding a second #Brexit referendum would “further inflame the idea of an arrogant political class which isn’t listening, and isn’t dealing with the issues that gave rise to the referendum in the first place”- Andy Burnham, mayor Greater Manchester. One northerner who gets it?  
In tomorrow's National ... Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh on how no amount of spin can make a no-deal Brexit sound good  
Vote Leave broke electoral law. I insist the referendum be voided to restore my trust in democracy. I’ll even take to the streets to express that notion #PeoplesVote 
And people wonder why I'm so pissed off at "make fighting Brexit fun".NOTHING about this is fun! It's a disgusting display of a country destroying itself and throwing away human decency.Tell me I'm full of it if you want. I really don't fucking care anymore. This must end.  
“Surreal. Faced with the aggressions of the Spanish National Police during the referendum on October 1, the prosecutor opposes a judicial investigation. Faced with the actions of hooded, potentially dangerous groups, the prosecutor wants to investigate... the Catalan police."  
The media is full of May "dismisses/rebukes/slaps down" her Chancellors "doomsday/Armageddon/apocalyptic" no-deal numbers.They are her own Government's numbers and mid-range in a wide number of forecasts.Any Brexit is bad, no-deal is a disaster for our country.#PeoplesVote 
Simranjeet voted leave. He was persuaded by @DouglasCarswell that #brexit would be good from the UK with promises of 'global britain' but he has just written this superb blog explaining why he changed his mind, is a #RemainerNow & feels we must have a #PeoplesVote@SimRiyat  
Not a surprise, except perhaps for timing, but major national news nonetheless: Barring a legal challenge or voter referendum, California will end cash bail effective October 2019.  
After weeks of near-silence the Brexit trolls are out in force again.Feels like the Battle of the Bulge just before Hitler caved in. We have them rattled and on the run. Keep crushing their tiny brains like bugs. 
The campaign has been in Scotland today speaking to young people in Glasgow, Edinburgh, and East Renfrewshire! Most we spoke to would rather see an independent Scotland in the EU than a post-Brexit UK with Scotland in. Sadly, Brexit = little England 
If Labour & allies vote down the Brexit deal what happens? The Tories will be forced to either drop it or go to a GE. And Starmer has talked about a 2nd Referendum. Yes, Labour will oppose the No Deal Brexit deal, but they need to see it 1st. 
100 000 Londoners? No, you're wrong, many mortgage/rent payers travelled down from all over the country. I have a job but I'm entitled to holidays - if I'm a liberal elite then I don't know... 
EU citizens! We have uncovered new evidence from the EU referendum on #Brexit. Remain actually won by 63% to 37%. But it was covered up by a far-right conspiracy of Russian bots and populists. Thank goodness we have good citizens like these to shine the light of truth upon it.  
Worth a watch - well done to the reporter repeatedly questioning #TheresaMay who refuses to say if she would back #Brexit now  
Current train status. Broken down next to St Erth sewerage works. Difficult to breathe. This may be my last tweet. If I die please fight for diamond hard Brexit. Just to piss off @acgrayling 
How Britons would vote in 2nd EU referendum 'not the issue', Theresa May says.I voted leave in 2016. Knowing what I know today I’ve changed my mind & want a #PeoplesVote with option to remainSo how I would vote today, is EXACTLY the issue. #RemainerNow  
Mrs May is sounding increasing pathetic, now she won’t answer the question will Britain be better off outside of the EU. They have all be briefed like Corbyn not to answer. What are they afraid of, surely not lying on camera,  that’s second nature.Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Brexit was won on electoral fraud so widespread & deliberate the EC state it can no longer be considered a mandate . While as signatories of Venice Treaty we’re obliged to annul. You can say you still want Brexit but it has NO democratic legitimacy or mandate. #StopBrexit 
If you think there is an iota of trust in politics, then you, Jacob, are a foolThanks to dishonest, self-motivated, manipulative leaders such as yourself, the people have no faith in the UK political system to deliver a better quality of life#Brexit is symptomatic of distrust  
On the wrong side?You shouldn't believe everything the Media tell you Adam.Labour will oppose the Tories' Brexit plan when they see it & go either for a GE or 2nd Referendum. How do I know? Cos it's what they've actually said. 
Britain supports land reform in SA - PM Theresa May  via @IOL - SHE SELLS WHITE FARMERS OUT - LIKE SHE IS DOING TO US OVER BREXIT - SHE SHOULD GO 
#Brexit will hurt all of us - it's just some of us will feel the pain quicker than others. Let's put our differences aside; whatever other political goals we may have, stopping #brexit needs to come first. #the5million #FBPE#FinalSayForAll 
Corbyn is on the wrong side of Brexit. And that will have implications far, far beyond anything else he’s ever dreamt up of doing. 
Macron follows German call for "Europe" to stand independently of US security umbrella. He has no idea that Brexit will cut off Dassault&other French defense sector from fully integrated UK-US defense industry,leaving no mkt or partners for French industry 
Key reflection of my Irish tour: how well governed Ireland now is & how badly governed Northern Ireland. NI now in 589th day of no govt whatsoever, while Irish abortion referendum & Varadkar’s speech welcoming the Pope show a liberal, open, modern & modernising nation 
By arguing that a #PeoplesVote could provoke violent disorder Gardiner and McDonnell are saying that the far-right should be allowed to hold our politics to ransom. Article by @IanDunt. #Brexit 
Destroy Brexit, save the country.Save Brexit, destroy the country.Put that on a bus. 
Has anyone else revised their whole outlook on politics since Brexit ? I once thought Major uninspiring, Blair shallow and Brown inept, but they look like giants compared to the current bunch. 
Watching Michael Crick on #C4News roasting Theresa May about Mandela and Brexit. She’s gone into full Maybot mode with valves exploding and wiring falling out. Embarrassing to watch  
Resident south Africans and Nigerians were allowed to vote in the advisory referendum but resident EU citizens were not. #FBPE #Africa #TheresaMay 
Pedantry though, Jack. It was purposely designed to make a lot of undecided, poorly informed swing voters feel like brexit would release a large dividend of money that could be spent on the NHS. It was everywhere for months, rammed down people's throats, designed to mislead. 
Brexit can be stopped but to do this requires leadership from the Labour Party. Let's make Liverpool 2018 the moment when Labour backs a People's Vote & pledges to campaign to Remain in the EU.There's a better way #ItsNotBrexit#FightingFund for #Lab18 
The Prime Minister is leader of this country in name only. Brexit will be a disaster and, shamefully, she knows it.  
Certain individuals would have MPs believe voters will never trust them again if they fail to deliver #Brexit. That’s a fraction of the 37% who voted leave as opposed to the 63% who didn’t vote leave who will never trust them if they do deliver Brexit. 
Excellent. Well done Bono! You are a true European. A thought that becomes a feeling. This is what we need. Feelings. It's when people start thinking about the EU that we get the problems, like #Brexit. 
My piece for @prospect_uk on the harm Brexit is already inflicting upon the NHS. Not ‘Project Fear’ - actual fact.  
For that statement to make sense, there would need to be £350 extra available a week as a result of Brexit. The underlying assumption of the statement is already a false promise. And that's before we get onto whether the proposal would be carried out even if it were possible. 
In her two years as Prime Minister, Theresa May might be close to one of the worst PMs in British history. She has:-Flip-flopped on Brexit-Done next to nothing to reduce net immigration-Been weak on grooming gangs-Overseen crime explosions -OK'd RSA land confiscation 
In a decision handed down today, the B.C. Supreme Court has refused to grant an injunction to stop the provincial referendum on proportional representation. Justice Miriam Gropper says there will be no "irreparable harm" if the vote goes ahead as scheduled. 
Brexit is on course to hit in the absolute worst way possible. People from other countries have continuously advised we need firm genuine protest. And yet scores of Remainers are still treating this like it's helping plan a charity sports day at a local school. 
Downing Street has refused to confirm MPs will see a full economic analysis of the impact of a no-deal Brexit before their final vote on departure from the EU, even though such a scenario would happen by default if they rejected Theresa May’s proposals!   
It is a clear proposal by the Leave campaign. What do you not understand?If there wasn't the political apparatus to deliver it then it should not have been proposed as an outcome. Just shows again that the proposed Brexit is undeliverable. 
Can you spare the price of a round?“3 Blokes In The Pub" is a weekly Anti-Brexit podcast starring travel expert ⁦@EveryCountry⁩, trade expert ⁦@JasonJHunter⁩, & transport expert ⁦@donnyc1975⁩.We're planning on taking the show on tour” 
Probably my most controversial opinion in regards to Remain is how sick I am of those against Brexit who still think the best response is to wear silly costumes and sing songs. Whenever I present it, even those who otherwise agree with point out they can't on this. 
‘Brexit won’t be the end of the world’ seems to May’s new #Brexit applause point. Don’t remember that on side of any buses 
100,000 took to the streets of London for the People's Vote march, Leave means Leave are going to have a 'rally' in a 28,000 capacity football stadium, yeah, that will show them @Nigel_Farage  - you, Tice and the rest of the tweed UKIP brigade - yesterday's men I'm afraid..... 
Yay Global Britain has signed its first trade deal! To keep the exact same deal the EU has with southern African states. That’s the Brexit dividend right there 
Let's see how the Government responds. @plymouthcc leader @CouncillorTudor has used the Sustainable Communities Act to ask for a full Brexit impact assessment for Plymouth.  
The Prime Minister refused to answer questions of whether she would vote to leave the EU now we know what Brexit will look like  
Why would May announce our first post #Brexit trade deal in a country engaged in race based land seizures having told everyone we couldnt negotiate trade deals due to an EU embargo thus shunning allies like the US?First post-Brexit trade deal with Africa  
Let me get this straight. The government is so confident in 'no deal' Brexit that it will expect MPs to vote for it without even seeing its economic impact?This is not parliamentary sovereignty. This is not democracy. This is why we need a #PeoplesVote. 
Says all you need to know. May clearly wouldn’t support Brexit if there was a #PeoplesVote but she persists in a policy which she knows will damage the country. 
So that's two down. Evidently neither the prime minister nor the leader of the opposition think things will be better after Brexit.  
Mrs May’s is very open, her Africa initiative is about making money for rich Tory Brexiteers .Forgotten are those she singled out the  ‘just about managing’. It’s all about more money from the rich by exploiting third world labour. Shocking but predictable. Stop Brexit #FBPE 
If we don’t deliver *checks notes* that referendum that was won through lies overspends and playing on the fears of racists trust in politics will disappear. Gotcha.  
If you want to listen to someone who really knows about international trade, I recommend you follow @JasonJHunter. He may scare the bejeesus out of you with talk of #Brexit and WTO consequences. 
'Do we get the £1.2BN back?!' Andrew Neil savages EU over Galileo Brexit block on UK   
The Prime Minister previously said that she doesn't support calls for a #PeoplesVote. Now she is simply refusing to talk about it.This is because she knows that a majority of people now support our campaign to give the people a say on the #Brexit deal. 
Then why didn’t you all get together at the very beginning, as grown-ups, and come up with cross-party collaboration led by Brexit enthusiasts and constructive sceptics? This scientific approach would’ve been far more effective. Instead you’ve all let it wither on the vine.  
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
Drop the ‘no-deal’ talk. Drop Brexit itself, altogether.  
Once you start saying Brexit has to do anything more than simply leaving the EU, then it has to fulfil ALL of its 2016 promises!It has to deliver £350Million for the NHS per weekIt has to get us the same access to the European Markets as we have nowNo more #PicknMixBrexit! 
Brexit latest: Government unveils exciting plans for 400 new motorway services.  
Brexiters will never give up on Brexit & won’t stop until we get a real Brexit & totally break away from the EU. No matter what remainers plot,how they collude with the EU or the project fear they put out our vote will be upheld & delivered in full. You can’t 2nd vote Brexit away  
A no-deal Brexit threatens the very existence of the NHS  @thebma @cnagpaul @jsbamrah @pulsetoday @toryfibs 
Trust in politics will evaporate if Brexit were not delivered.  
ThisGary is brexit politicians like  @BorisJohnson & @Nigel_Farage Bob is one of so many leave voters who see brexit reality for what it is & are #RemainerNow So should "Bob" have to drink the poison (along with all of the UK) or should he be able to say no?#Peoplesvote 
'Given that we know what Brexit will look like, would you vote for Brexit now?' Prime Minister Theresa May refuses to say whether she thinks the UK will be better or worse off outside the EU when pressed by @lewis_goodall.For more, head here:   
The pound is on course for its fourth consecutive monthly loss against the euro 
Whoever thought this was a good idea should probably be fired. #Brexit 
Former SAS chief says no-deal Brexit would be 'major security concern' as he calls for fresh referendum  
The more I hear about #NoDeal Brexit, the more I like it!No £40 billion given to the Brussels Blackguards. No more them meddling in our affairs. And a strong incentive to fix any real practical problems (not just admin and paperwork) very quicklySounds good!Comments? 
BREXIT: Here's some good news for @LeaveEUOfficial @LeaveMnsLeave - under Maastricht ALL EU members must join € by 2020 under threat of expulsion. So in essence the divorce fee of c.€50bn is a total nonsense as UK might be expelled in 2020 anyway. Wonder why MSM has ignored it 
Sky News to Theresa May:Do you accept UK will be worse off under no deal? Non answer. Do you think Britain will be more powerful. Non answer. People will lose their jobs, would u vote against Brexit in new ref? "That's a hypothetical Q and I don't answer hypotheticals 
No Deal #Brexit draws ever closerBoth British Government and European member states outright reject each others’ proposals for the Northern Ireland border and the #ChequersPlan has effectively been rejected by the European Commission#StandUp4Brexit 
Just encountered this on a bridge here in Bedford. The bridge is in a neighbourhood where many Eastern European migrants reside and 5 minutes from Bedford Hospital, where many of them work.This is what Brexit has emboldened in this town and country. It's disgusting.  
#EUsupergirl @BylineFest "Economic Impacts" of #Brexit event at #BylineFest  #ThereIsNoBrexitDividend "People still believe there will be £350m per week for the #NHS because the politicians continue to lie to them. It is outrageous and we have to hold them to account"  
Theresa May has refused to say whether she thinks the UK will be better or worse off in the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit telling Sky News the government is working to make a success of leaving the EU "whatever the outcome of the negotiations" 
I walked past this huge hole in #Sheffield today. It's just been confirmed: This is the grave where we are going to bury #Brexit... It's a massive hole because there's such a lot of shit to fill it.  pic.twitter.com/AH2pt1fwvM 
Brexit: EU citizens seek judicial review over new data laws that make it legal for Home Office to deny them access to Home Office records  
In OpinionJack Shenker writes, "Since the Brexit referendum, we’ve seen the emergence of a host of abstract nouns masquerading as political ideas." 
Other things that were not the end of the world:- The Black Death- The Spanish Flu- The Great Depression- World War 1- World War 2- The Chicxulub impactorLet's not set the bar too low here...Brexit is a disaster and must be stopped now!#BrexitShambles #Brexit 
Boosting UK-Africa trade makes sense, but it's no Brexit panacea. My maiden voyage for @Breakingviews in London. 
The BBC admitted in a retrospective on radio 4 that they (along with other press) had help create the misinformation by balancing evidence with opinions. They are still doing the same with Brexit ! 
You may be laughing at Theresa May’s dancing but in a post-brexit apocalypse, this will be the new Macarena 
Totally unacceptable the #BrexitShambles  continues.Downing Street has refused to confirm whether MPs will be told the full consequences of a no-deal Brexit before they get the chance to vote for one in Parliament. 
.@theresa_may. France has been trading with Africa from within the EU for many years. The UK can do the same without leaving the most successful trading block on Earth. Do you really think the electorate is going to swallow this utter #Brexit spin? #BrexitShambles 
"Trump, Brexit, and Racial Grievance" - I was a guest on the @chrislhayes podcast #WITHpod, trying to explain the insanity of Brexit to an American audience. Listen to our full chat here: 
Mr May says a no Deal #Brexit will not be the end of world, having just watched a report on @SkyNews of what is going on in Venezuela, I am comforted that no matter how awful things appear, it isn't the end of the world for them. 
Time for a reminder."Rolling over" EU free trade deals (eg with southern Africa) for the post-Brexit UK will NOT "roll over" the whole value of those deals.Not unless "diagonal rules of origin" are included. And yes, that's as complicated as it sounds. 
With Mark Patterson of ⁦@BBCRadioFoyle⁩ after talking on his show about Brexit, the non-existent Northern Ireland Assembly, & why Derry needs a university & decent road & rail infrastructure. We adjourned to this brilliant bar on a former army barracks  
Tell that to workers in the manufacturing sector in the #EastMidlands who voted #Leave on the basis we’d get a #Brexit deal that would deliver a better economy and an extra £350million a week for the #NHS 
I've had to have this conversation twice this week:Wetherspoons funds the leave campaign. If you spend money in Wetherspoons you help to fund brexit. 
Constitutional Relations Secretary @Feorlean takes part in a panel discussion, about Brexit, at today's #EUMedef18 French business leaders conference in Paris. #ScotlandIsNow 
Asset stripping continues...Westminster will screw every £ it can out of Scottish resources & NOT for the benefit of the Scottish peopleTime for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DessolveTheUnion 
Hey, folks, we don’t actually have to do this #Brexit thing.Just saying.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#FaceDownTheFruitcakes 
don't ask for a response on Brexit while May is Prime Minister. Supported by Remain Ministers and the civil service, she will craft a complicated rejection of it that will later be an obstacle when she's gone. Just get rid of her ASAP.  
I voted for JC twice. He then threw EU27 citizen like me under a bus. I have left the party since over their Brexit stance. 
6/ Russia got behind Brexit, infiltrating British social media to sway the outcome. British voters interacted with Russians believing they were having discussions with their own fellow citizens.Russia used sophisticated psychological warfare to manipulate the fears of voters. 
The UK is partnering with investors to mobilise almost £8bn of new private investment in Africa to boost economic growth and trade post-Brexit#UKAfrica #aidworks #UKaid 
"We let them vote in OUR referendum" – this short clip says all you need to know about the Tories 
Brexiters promised sunlight uplands and we’re getting “not the end of the world.” The language has changed because they’ve realised their promises can’t be delivered. That’s why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. #FFS 
After listening to these #3BlokesInAPub podcasts with @JasonJHunter and @EveryCountry and the government releasing part of its preparedness notices. I can't understand why UK businesses are not standing up and saying enough is enough we must scrap brexit 
During street surgery today bloke tells me ‘you are not a democrat, you should accept #brexit and shut up’. What a misunderstanding of democracy, democracy is the right to speak up. @BathforEurope 
UK to sign post-Brexit trade deal with three countries that criminalise homosexuality  
REAL reason Brussels wants to reject Theresa May's Brexit plan is that it will save UK businesses billions of pounds  
Great news for such a precious Welsh environment! So much of this exciting project will be funded by the EU. I wonder who will fund such ambitious projects to restore our wildlife and natural environment after #Brexit?  
ThisNail on the head. Quite possibly the best anti-Brexit tweet I have ever seen.  
I don't want an extra four bank holidays per year. I'd rather have some opposition to Brexit, thanks. 
Lord Adonis: The way Jacob Rees-Mogg speaks about the Irish border makes my blood freeze. JRM speaks for the most extreme part of the Tory Party & the brexit policy is being dictated by these extremists.. people need to mobilise to make a #PeoplesVote happen#FBPE @Andrew_Adonis 
FBPE vitriol? You obviously haven't browsed through the abuse we have received from diehard Brexiters over the last two years for daring to question a very questionable referendum!  You must also know the answer yourself to your own question; if not, wtf? 
So Brexit not ending the world would be a success in the eyes of Theresa May. In other news the PM’s delighted spending cuts didn’t shut every single children’s centre and library 
The European I ran (NOT under Maxwell), never, ever backed Brexit. But it was not keen on UK joining the euro. And it was critical of allowing Greece, Italy and a few others to join too. What bit of any of that did we get wrong?  
I heard it said that stopping Brexit could actually bankrupt some prominent Brexiteers. Think about that for a second. Bankrupt. 
Perpetual motion:Bloody hell, have you seen these post-Brexit forecasts? Experts predict some serious woe.- Project Fear! Experts are talking up the negatives.Why would they do that?- They're remainers.Why are they remainers?- Cos they think Brexit will cause serious woe. 
'Do we get the £1.2BN back?!' Andrew Neil savages EU over Galileo Brexit block on UK   
Excellent!  @julienfouchet1 has launched the campaign to bring together Europeans against the toxic Brexit!  #StopBrexit #ArretezleBrexit #FBPE @nicbordeaux @eyejosh @nickynoo007 @BremainInSpain @ajhanlaurence @Julesmadworld @margarance @Eu27K @WernerT_Man 
According to the last remaining people who still think it’s a good idea, Brexit ‘won’t be as bad as the end of the world’  
The ‘People’ are deeply frustrated that @duponline has blackmailed @theresa_may into NOT accepting ‘Special Status’, and after over 600 Days, haven’t told us their plan to save Multinational Businesses, employing 95,000 people. #Brexit  
"The British economy is failing to deliver stronger growth in workers’ pay, as the mounting risk of a no-deal Brexit turns up the pressure on household finances..."  
Good article by @mikegalsworthy on the very big problems U.K. science will face if there is no Brexit deal. I’m aware that this might appear to be the least of our worries, but science is the foundation of our future prosperity, so it is important that we don’t damage it. 
Honesty required here, I know it’s not fashionable, but... who gave the EU a 2nd thought before the announcement of the referendum? 
PM finally decided to publish Brexit no-deal papers, in a desperate attempt to sell the people the failed Chequers agreement in comparison. A choice between anarchic Brexit no-deal and rejected Chequers plan is no choice at all. The people need a chance to #ExitFromBrexit #fbpe 
The EU wanted to boycott Brexit talks because May's Chequers plan would save UK businesses billions by escaping EU regulations. The EU doesn’t want the UK to be more successful after Brexit so will only agree to a deal that punishes the UK..  
Friends! It gets worse!According to figures recently made up by 97% of Climate Scientists, a "no deal" Brexit will cost £365 per household per *week*!But if you mention this FACT to Leavers, they just laugh and say "What a total load of old cobblers!"Talk about Hate Speech!  
Amazing news. Theresa May secures the UK’s first post-Brexit trade deal at a mere cost of £4billion for something we already have through the EU. Welcome to the promised land, brexiteers.  
Sat on the Eurostar listening to pompous upper middle class voices discussing how stupid Brexit is and how wonderful their summer at the villa in Tuscany was daaaarling . Truly vomit inducing 
Seriously, this guy just said "We let them vote in OUR referendum", referring to Scotland and Northern Ireland.Feeling that warm embrace of the union yet, Celts? 
Sometimes it is confusing to see the baby boomers be so wrong on Brexit (and much else) but then you remember they’re the same generation who boo’ed Dylan for going electric. Bunch of muppets. 
WATCH: The promises made about #Brexit have changed dramatically since 2016. We've gone from claims that we'll 'thrive' to 'it wouldn't be the end of the world'.New facts like this emerging are exactly why I’m calling for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
The public decided over 2 years ago. Problem is, Gov't /Parl't refused to implement that decision, evidenced by the fact you want them to keep 'deciding' until the decision suits you. If Parl't are too inept to deliver Brexit, it should be taken out of their hands.  
96% of Scotland's Westminster representatives requested that all UK nations should agree before #Brexit was carried. The Tories, with 1 MP, overruled. It was a UK vote because England decided it would be. 
I’ve never claimed any Brexit benefits. That’s not my job. My job is to question those who claim there will be benefits and those who claim it will be a disaster. And that’s what I’ve done, the FBPE twitter mob notwithstanding.  
<Lineker, to camera>: Time now for a quick catch-up on the Brexit negotiations; Marr is on straight after us so if you don't want to know how badly it's going, look away now... 
Border Inspections at Newry, Northern Ireland in 1972.  Please tell me again, how the re-introduction of border inspections ‘just like in the Troubles’ is a viable policy recommendation post - Brexit?  
Trump’s trade deal with Mexico is a farce – and a lesson for BrexitThe renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement is a very similar deal – but now it's called something else. Trump turns out to be a bendable politician just like all the rest 
A leader who opposes Brexit. That would be better than a bank holiday.  
I think this should be Labour policy as there will be no way to fully dislodge the mindset of those who voted #Brexit unless facts are brought to light first  in an inquiry and then court cases.  
Chrissy, an intensive care nurse, was one of many people in Newquay who wanted to tell us why she wants a #PeoplesVote on any final #Brexit deal.#Cornwall #NHS 
The EU has not blocked an FTA. But an FTA would need to be negotiated after Brexit. That's why a deal on the future framework is so important. Because only then can we have a transition until the FTA takes over.It's that simple  
In our latest instalment of cross party MPs standing up for young people’s futures, we thank @ChukaUmunna for signing our #FFS pledge to support a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal.   
He was disliked before Trump ran. The primary was a referendum on Sasse types.  
Since #Brexit politicians want to remove so many of our standards on food, pollution and so on, it's worth asking why we have such standards? Because, if profit is put above our health and welfare, people actually die. Simple as that. 
“Id  like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for knowingly screwing my future , my children’s future along with god know how many others . You were warned what would happen but you carried on with your distorted view of a post brexit Britain “ 
Farage claimed that 70% of the laws in the UK are made by the EU. The independent House of Commons library put it at just 13.2%. The list of Nigel Farage lies just grows longer and longer, our very own #PinstripePinocchio. Reject Brexit, Renew Britain. #RenewParty 
7 Brexit Truths1》There is no Brexit dividend2》Brexit will devastate UK manufacturing3》Brexit will seriously harm the UK Services Industry4》Brexit will not help the NHS5》We need immigration6》Corbyn will never win a GE7》The Tories do not deserve to be in power  
Serious question--is the US electing Trump or the UK pursuing Brexit a bigger unforced error? Which is likely to have greater negative long-term consequences for each country? I think Trump's damage can be repaired fairly quickly, not sure about Brexit. 
We Let Them Vote In Our Referendum #brexitWe Let Them Sit In Our ParliamentWe Let Them Die In Our WarsWe Let Them Use Our PoundFeeling The Love Yet ?#DissolveTheOnion 
Theresa May skanking out to Brexit Beats   
Jamie Vardy retiring from International football to focus his efforts on ensuring Brexit means Brexit. 
As usual, the clownish incompetence of Scotland's "journalists" has backfired on them spectacularly as #DissolveTheUnion is now #Trending at Number 2 in the *whole* UK - four places above #Brexit.  
Brexit could trigger a collapse in the crumbling European project.  
Oooh, what's this? An article on #Brexit & @BorderIrish, you say? In a special issue of @tandfonline Space & Polity? With free eprints for the first 50!  "The pivotal position of the Irish border in the UK's withdrawal.. 
The donor comments  That referendum energy hasn’t gone away!  #ARCMarch18 #RepealedThe8th 
Energy UK has warned that Brexit could mean higher prices for both households and companies.No one voted for this mess. We need a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal.   
URGENT  If we continue like this, our future #maynotcontainfish. Today we have a unique chance to ask decision-makers to put sustainability at the heart of our fisheries management. Act now---> #FisheriesBill #Brexit pic.twitter.com/pPRgWWE5pQ 
Good news EU to end tariffs on Chinese solar panels - when I raised this as Energy & Climate Change Minister, always clear it was only a matter of time. Boost for Europe’s green energy & consumers. Bad for Brexit climate change deniers @LibDems @thesolartrade @REAssociation 
We'll be forever grateful to you for allowing us to vote in "YOUR" referendum, you roaster.Also: Ireland voted to be part of the United Kingdom?When did that ever happen. This will come as shocking news to the people of Ireland.#DissolveTheUnion 
Mark Lancaster MP: "I do not believe that the validity of the referendum result can be called into question retrospectively." WHAT IS THE POINT OF THE ELECTORAL COMMISSION THEN?!? writing to this guy is like banging my head against a wall. but i keep doing it!! #Resist 
Here's my response to Theresa May's "morally unacceptable" speech laying out her new vision to use @DFID_UK budget to help secure post-Brexit trade deals  
It was indeed england's referendum. They took absolutely no notice of Scottish or NI votes and #BrexitShambles is the result. The UK is finished #DissloveTheUnion 
Britons flying overnight on Brexit day could be treated as 'third-country nationals' when they land  
One of the first things the EU told us is that "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed". That means there's no room for side deals like Raab etc want. Throughout Brexit Leavers have misjudged the EUs principlesThe Brexiter fix for no deal? A deal.  
Brexit is like a snake that tried tae swallow an alligator – it cannae handle the monster comin' doon its oesophagus and so it’s head accidentally exploded. 
Theresa May is the first British prime minister to visit the African continent in five years - and her visit is driven by #Brexit#Brexit means UK is a bit eager for new trading partners.Macron came to office last year, and he's already visited at least 9 African nations. 
The more Labour tries to ‘explain away’ the referendum result as being hijacked by Russia, defrauded by the Leave Campaign & define Leave voters as ‘not understanding’; ‘being lied too’; ‘tricked’ etc...the more we will be seen as elitist trying to delegitimise their voices. 
There will be a second independence referendum. European leaders are ready to accept Scotland as a member of the EU, according to Scotland’s Constitution Secretary, Michael Russell. 
1) You did not mention this (that would require honesty)CEO of the CAA:   We cannot and therefore shall not embark upon setting up an independent air safety authority separate from EASA.  Divergence envisaged by a hard Brexit will not work. 
No-deal Brexit: No 10 refuses to say MPs will see full impact analysis  
The greatest fear the EU has is that the UK will make a success of Brexit:  
@ProfBrianCox No-deal Brexit removes 45% of Horizon 2020 from UK access - including ERC grants - and blocks our ability to coordinate multinational Horizon 2020 projects for the reset of the programme: 
A no deal Brexit might not be the end of the world, but it would make life harder for those who are already struggling. If Theresa May truly wants to help the just about managing, this is not the way to go about it. 
yes, Theresa May looks like a idiot dancing, but that's not the most unpleasant part of Africa trip. trying to use aid spending as part of Brexit trade plans is grosser. privatisation won't help tackle poverty or inequality. May used 'private sector' 9 times in Cape Town speech 
"WE let them vote in OUR referendum" .Or, to put it another way: "Know your place Jocks, this is OUR state" .No matter how guarded unionists try to be, every so often they slip up and the truth comes out.Wake up Scotland, they're taking us for fools.#DissolveTheUnion 
Deputy leader @tom_watson bravely sticks his neck out to become first senior Labour politician to demand Mueller-style investigation into whether referendum was ‘stolen’. Will others follow?  
Ignore 17.4 million voters at your peril, says @patel4witham: fail to implement the referendum then voters will seek out and vote for people who will. Across Europe we have seen what that means – the terrifying rise of extreme, nationalist & fringe parties  
May's mission to woo Africa after Brexit — The continent's leaders need to decide who to prioritise: an ambitious but friendly China, the huge European Union bloc, the potential riches of the United States, or the historically-linked United Kingdom 
If it isn’t bankrupt Greece, Italy’s refusal to fund the EU budget or Sweden’s desire to hold a referendum on EU membership, it’s Poland “ignoring” ECJ rulings.  The EU’s revolting..  
Best part of this convo, IMHO, is when Mehdi does an extended Where Are They Now? riff about all the big backers of Brexit. (Spoiler alert, they're all finding ways to personally protect themselves from its effects)  
"A second independence referendum will take place and European leaders are ready to accept Scotland as a member of the EU, according to Scotland’s Constitution Secretary."#ScotRef #DissolveTheUnion #JustifyTheUnion #BrexitLifeboat 
To all those would-be budding, future PMs out there. This is your post-brexit future: “Prime minister, you want that trade deal to allow us to dump toxic waste in the UK? Then show us your cha-cha moves...now!”  
“A no-deal Brexit is not the end of the world” says ⁦@theresa_may⁩. If there is another referendum, I doubt ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩ will put that on a bus 
‘The government's line is that, even in the event of a no-deal Brexit, aviation will continue as normal between the UK and EU - even though there is no legal basis at present for that to happen.’ The Law. Always catching Brexit unicorns in the headlights. #StopBrexit 
Here's my piece in the Independent today on why Jeremy Corbyn needs to listen to his party and the country and support a referendum on the final Brexit deal.  
Which fox do you think could negotiate better trade deals for UK Post brexit? for LiamRT for Basil  
Trump heads into a midterm referendum on his presidency showing no real progress on a core promise: to raise the wages of America’s “forgotten man and woman"  
Thank you Germany & @HeikoMaas for your continued support and your strong comments today: “We have to avoid a hard border, it is a pivotal issue. Any insecurity or deterioration in relation to Northern Ireland must not happen as a consequence of #Brexit.”     
“With regard to Brexit, I want to underline our profound solidarity with Ireland. A hard border must be avoided. Relations with Northern Ireland must not be allowed to deteriorate. It’s good that we can count on Ireland as a pro-European voice and close friend.” #EuropeUnited 
By saying that no deal "wouldn't be the end of the world", @theresa_may basically admits that a no deal Brexit will harm the UK, just that other things could harm it moreThat is unacceptable, & re-enforces the need for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal 
Theresa May dancing into Brexit Oblivion  
Philip Hammond accused of undermining Government Brexit strategy with warning about leaving with no deal: Brexit News for Tuesday 28 August  
A few of the main Brexit-related quotes from this speech in a little thread below (the speech covers much more than Brexit, and is an interesting discourse on the future of the EU).  
‘@LiamFox: ‘Strong willingness' for US trade deal with UK. All the more reason to #ChuckChequers to ensure a fully independent Brexit trade policy!  
Jesus H Fuckity Whatting Christ!!!????!!! "We let THEM vote in OUR referendum????"#DissolveTheUnion 
It’s not too late to save #Brexit, but we have to move fast and make it very clear that we expect our elected representatives to #StandUp4Brexit Please email your MP, follow @StandUp4Brexit and make a donation to our fighting fund at  
Unacceptable for the Government to try and force MPs to vote on the terms of Brexit without giving them access to all the economic data beforehand. More evidence for a #PeoplesVote 
“It is not too late to save #Brexit ...We must try now, because we will not get another chance to get it right” @BorisJohnsonAsk your MP to #StandUp4Brexit and reject #Chequers You can find their email address here:  
A reminder that this country lost the Battle of Hastings but there are people out there that genuinely believe that stupid historical analogies will literally solve Brexit  
“It is a sad paradox of #Brexit that no country has contributed more to the creation of the Single Market, and the promotion of free trade, than the United Kingdom.” - @simoncoveney speaking to the annual conference of German Ambassadors in #Berlin. 
Btw: Rumour, from #OneWhoKnows (and does!). Possible snap election before March so that #TheresaMay can lock down her #Brexit plans. If #Labour opposes Brexit (not just HER Brexit).... the Party walks it.  
Latest construction survey from @BuildingNews shows around 70% of builders oppose #Brexit & think TM deal a failure. Important as it employs 3m, is worth 7% of GDP, and is responsible for housing, HS2, hospitals & Heathrow. More and more support for #PeoplesVote 
I have ordered several thousand of these "NF" flags which I saw online, and will be distributing them to people on the demo. I think it stands for "Now Freeze! (negotiations and stop brexit)"  
Brilliant idea. 1.5m have turned 18 since June 2016. They should have their voices heard as the Brexit shambles follows. Pls spread the word among that age group.  
2 years ago, we were told that #brexit was the path to a better future. Now, it’s a matter reassuring us that  it won’t be “the end of the world”Every day, it becomes clearer that #BrexitReality won’t be what was promised. No wonder opinion is shifting... 
Brian Adcock on Theresa May announcing plans to boost Britain's investment in Africa after Brexit, during her first trip to the continent as prime minister.– political cartoon gallery in Putney  pic.twitter.com/agAno9TOSv 
#Brexit stupidity killing UK science, for what?> "The UK has coordinated more Horizon 2020 projects than any other country to date. In a no-deal Brexit, this leadership role is stone cold dead. That prospect is impacting projects being prepared right now."  
So the great Brexit plan is to trade with the 54 African nations - whose combined GDP is smaller than France - and leave the biggest, securest trade bloc in the world .... great plan Theresa... great plan. #TheresaMay 
WATCH: James voted leave in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because he has seen the risk #Brexit poses to small businesses @RemainerNow 
The DUP’s use of “We Deserve Better” really would’ve benefited from an asterisk so it would. *Unless you’re an Irish speaker, a woman seeking equal access to healthcare, gay, a victim of the conflict wanting an inquest into the death of a loved one, or oppose madness of Brexit. 
Dominic Raab confirms to Swedish EU affairs minister @AnnLinde that UK Govt still considering to drop some rights for the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK in case of no deal Brexit.It is time to ring fence #citizensrights agreed between EU/UK last December.  
 As a businessman, I can safely say a no-deal Brexit is perfectly manageable for British businesses. In fact... there are far greater risks to the British economy than Brexit. Read my latest article for @execglobal. 
Of course, Theresa May is right when she says that Brexit "won't be the end of the world."Just the United Kingdom, the country she swore to govern in the national interest. 
#TheresaMay a no deal Brexit is evidence of your incompetence, lack of leadership and lust for power at any price. But more importantly, it will do serious harm to the lives and ambitions of ordinary Britain. Resign, call an election, lose, and become a foot note in history. 
Love the bio, one of the 73% that didn’t vote for brexit. By that logic I’m one of the 77% that did, that means you still lose...Well that was easy, wasn’t it? 
Was the UK ever *our* country?Seems as if it was 'given away' by politicians. Of *both* the main parties. Who signed away OUR rights. Who gave away OUR sovereignty.* without telling the British people *How do we hold those people to account.How do we make sure BREXIT happens.  
No-deal Brexit wouldn’t be the end of the world says May.Correct. Dropping H-bombs on Oxford, Hull & Southend-on-Sea wouldn’t be the end of the world either.... just the end of Oxford, Hull and Southend-on-Sea.#BrexitMeansBrexitAndOtherMeaninglessStatements 
This is a balm to my soul.  The referendum results made it clear that Ireland is no longer in the thrall of the church or of unkind value systems, and this is further proof.  Time to remove the church from our schools and hospitals. #PopeInIreland #StandforTruth 
Thanks to fellow panelists and audience at the European ‘Festival of Ideas’ in discussing Scotland’s place in Europe. Widespread sympathy for Scotland’s Brexit predicament at @forumalpbach #Alpbach #efa18 #myeurope  
This article really must be read. The hugely influential right-wing economist John Buchanan recommended a stealth war against the democracies which he portrayed as 'parasites' preying on the wealth-makers. ERG #Brexit is just such a stealth attack.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
I thought Gina Miller's primary concern was to ensure Parliamentary procedure was followed ?? Now it transpires that wasn't the case after all.Anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller being lined up to become the next leader of the Liberal Democrats.  
Cabinet: Brexit is going terribly, the electorate is furious.Theresa May: Don't worry, I'll create a diversion...  
The great achievement of #Brexit, trashing the value of the £. There could be worse to come if a deal with EU can’t be struck by the mid-October Summit.  
If @theresa_may really wants war with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg she will agree to let @bankofengland governor Carney stay till 2020. Big test of whether her vision of Brexit stability trumps Tory party unity  
Is this the real reason why Farage and Rees-Mogg want a speedy Brexit?  
Jacob rees mogg must be delighted with the trip to South Africa - it’s where shoprite holdings are based .. remember his “ brexit will bring cheap food and clothes “ quote on tv ? ... well .. wait and see if you see this on our high st post brexit .. he will be delighted 
#BBC News is not biased in #Brexit reporting, says biased John Simpson  
Is she the dancing queen? Theresa May shows off her dancing skills to schoolchildren while trying to secure trade deals with Africa ahead of Brexit.(Via @5_News) 
I like to call this particular move the 'No Deal Brexit'.  
Imagine U.K. wages and pensions cut by 45% and NHS spending by 32%. That’s what the EU imposed on Greece in order to save French and German banks. Now imagine the Brexit they’ll impose on us in order to save the EU.....  
Nope- we don’t believe Brexit will destroy us... ...we’d just rather not go through a needless WWII re-enactment that leaves us with shrunken sovereignty, standards, reputation & wealth.   
Trade Secretary @LiamFox suggests the EU is damaging their reputation over their handling of Brexit pic.twitter.com/Y0ODEKpbtu 
The Chancellor should back Brexit and be sensibly optimistic about the economy he helps guide, or pursue his disagreements from the backbenches. He should also reverse the damage his and his predecessor’s higher taxes have done in the next budget. 
Despite the Labour Shadow Brexit Secretary saying Labour are keeping the option of a final say on the table, having all the options on the table is not enough to stop the Tories’ anarchic Brexit. There is still time for Labour to grow a backbone and support #FinalSayOnTheDeal 
As last week has made clear the Chancellor is fundamentally against the whole idea of Brexit, a central policy put to the people in the Conservative Manifesto of 2017 & a core policy of the Govt, wrongly seeing it as damaging to the economy. 
Mooo! Britain’s biggest dairy company has warned that Brexit means less choice, higher prices, and potentially lower food standards for dairy products!  We don't recall that being on the ballot in 2016.  
This week's @ScotNational column: amidst the brexit chaff, we need to make sure Scotland stays solid on EU membership.  Independence in Europe is far and away our best option.  
All those frustrated by the rubbish Iain Duncan Smith was saying about knife crime this morning, his Brexit stance and/ or his cruel and disastrous welfare reforms THERE’S SOMETHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT. Join us on 15/16th Sept for the #unseatIDS festival 
. @M_AndersonSF meeting with @guyverhofstadt today in the European Parliament to discuss Brexit and it's implications for EU rights holders as we approach a critical period in negotiations.  
Your hard Brexit you've imposed on half the country will never produce concensus or a rolling behind it for many of us Remainers. You've broken it so you own it and will be held politically accountable for all its consequences in the future. 
It would be quite ironic if Gina Miller, whose legal challenge led to Brexit becoming 'lawful', became the Lib Dem leader.  She's done more to guarantee Brexit than Farage in recent months.    
TV presenter: Why do other countries have normal relations with the world but #Iran doesn’t?@JZarif: because WE OURSELVES have chosen to live otherwise!--87% of WE Iranians have not voted for the Islamic Republic since WE are under 55 and could not vote in the 1979 referendum! 
Throughout September we’ll be releasing a short video everyday of someone born between 23rd June 1998 and 29th March 2001, demanding the say on Brexit that they didn’t have in 2016. If you would like to be involved please DM us or email newgenerationforpeoplesvote@gmail.com 
Theresa May’s spokesman repeatedly refuses to say whether the official Treasury analysis of the economic impact of a no-deal Brexit will be published before MPs vote on May’s deal. 
Both @DominicRaab and @iealondon have suggested we avert #NoDealBrexit damage by... striking a deal! Some real genius happening in the #Brexit camp at the moment. 
Today, is primary election day. @browardschools has a ½ mill referendum on the ballot, which would raise funds for high-quality education. 
The bank holiday’s over, and tomorrow the EU Committee is back to work: at 2pm (BST) @DominicRaab will be answering questions on progress in the #Brexit negotiations:  
A no-deal Brexit will betray British science  
Is she the dancing queen? Theresa May shows off her dancing skills to schoolchildren while trying to secure trade deals in Africa ahead of Brexit.  
Though this leaked memo documents the censorship with regard to the US, it is obvious that the same tactics were used during the abortion referendum here. The pro-life message was systematically censorsed#WeStandForLife 
Brexit Day, 29 March 2019Ten "Cinderella flights" take off from UK airports before the 11pm GMT deadline but arrive after it.Brits aboard will be EU citizens at take-off.But inflight at midnight Central European Time they will lose their European rights 
Excellent insight from @wallaceme. Fact is, the Conservatives are now the party of Brexit whether they like it or not. Tories gave us the referendum, Tories headed the Leave campaign, Tories implementing Brexit. Not a surprise Brexit-supporters are (re)joining the party.  
#TheresaMay dancing on the graves of murdered Boer families in genocidal #SouthAfrica , while scheming to betray #Brexit & attack #Syria over fresh false flag gas attacks on behalf of #AlQaeda - a truly evil woman! 
Remember: Start of November is when Theresa May needs to have got this "good Brexit deal" by...Anyone NOT supporting a #PeoplesVote after that, is letting the country get ****ed for the sake of their own Brexit ideology.  
#NAFTA #EU #Brexit NAFTA & EU were founded within months of each other, and likely because of each other. Now NAFTA is gone...   
At Ambassadors‘ Conference today in Berlin, @HeikoMaas & @simoncoveney stressed that the Withdrawal Agreement needs to ensure that #Brexit doesn’t create a hard border on the island of Ireland. Full solidarity with Ireland!  
Absolutely on the nail about the ERG and their kleptocratic allies in the USA. And they are using nationalism, racism and any other form of bigotry they find useful to destroy the democracies they believe are robbing them of their rightful wealth. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
 @theresa_may on our future relationship with the African continent post-Brexit: "I want the UK to be the G7’s number one investor in Africa, with Britain’s companies taking the lead in investing the billions that will see African economies growing by trillions."  
No @AndyBurnhamGM, it is not those calling for a #PeoplesVote who are arrogant. It is politicians such as you, allied with Farage & the ERG, who want to deny the people the democratic right to vote on the reality of #Brexit, rather than the lies of 2016.  
French barrister for #Shindler case launches social media campaign to rally Europeans against 'illegal' Brexit  @julienfouchet1 pic.twitter.com/OOwseRR1e4 
Artistic Director of @ENBallet, Board Member of @Creative_Fed and Adviser to Spain’s Superior Council of Artistic Studies, @TamaraRojo1 will be at #Impacts18 to explore European Cultural networking post #Brexit. Book your place and join us:  
Pound sterling slips as Theresa May dismisses Treasury warnings over no deal Brexit  
They promised us the world, now they say #Brexit won't be the end of it!  
Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world'  
Sorry, there is no scope for African exporters to benefit from Brexit. Tariffs are already zero for majority of African countries and almost all others get them vastly reduced. Standards for agriculture imports will also not change. The minister is either ignorant or lying.  
Tory Africa Minister's statement reveals intention of Brexit in name only"This is yet another signal that Theresa May intends to leave the EU in name only." - UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP READ BELOW:  
RIP Brexit means Brexit. Welcome, Brexit is not the end of the world  
‘Brexit would win by BIGGER margin’: Jeremy Vine says Brits ‘angry’ we haven't left EU yet  
. Should that dafty not be doing her day job? Prisons falling apart, NHS going doon the pan, failing trains, bankrupt councils, police numbers slashed,  London a warzone and the world laughing at Brexit. #Mayhem 
“It won’t be the end of the World”“There will be adequate food”“In 15 years we’ll look back and wonder what the fuss was about”You’re not really selling this.  Why not just come out with it and say that Brexit is a really, really bad idea? 
Problem with Brexit and trade is that it’s all terribly complex and extremely technical. It’s a challenge for most broadcasters, esp if they have no biz or economics expertise. They need to either draft in relevant experts to assist/challenge or have specialist presenters. 
Why is there no proper memorial to Jo Cox in Westminster? Because we have a Brexit government which feels very uncomfortable about it - let’s be frank about this  
A new world order is in the making with Trump calling for America to be great again, Brexit and trade wars happening across the globe. This is the best time for Africa to stand strong and fight for their place in the economic world. They need Africa. @Julius_S_Malema @matigary 
A no deal Brexit will not mean the extinction of all life on earth. A relief, but I seem to remember slightly loftier promises were offered to voters during the referendum campaign  
Priti is spot onSince the EU referendum "big corporate business, millionaires and powerful forces within the establishment have fought tirelessly to cancel #Brexit. They have aligned with the EU’s bullying..."British people don’t like being bullied"  
100% reason why I loathe the ingratitude displayed by Brexit. So many of my parents' generation fought and died to protect our freedom. They wanted an united Europe to prevent a repeat war. ECSC was an answer. Brexit is treachery. 
The British people deserve better than Theresa May's shifting goalposts with Brexit.The people must have the final say on the exit terms, and given the option to remain. Add your name today if you agree:  
PM #TheresaMay & President @CyrilRamaphosa have been conducted to the Presidential Lounge at the Tuynhuys in Cape Town. PM #TheresaMay is in SA on a state visit before travelling to Nigeria & Kenya as part of a trade mission aimed at boosting post-Brexit fortunes @SABCNewsOnline 
Yet another blow for the Chequers deal, which is unworkable and unwanted. This is why we need a People's Vote on the Brexit Deal.  
Brexit confusion means lost investment for the UK and uncertainty over big Japanese employers like Toyota, Honda and Nissan staying in the country  
"The elephant in the room - Brexit" - @lewis_goodall's analysis of Theresa May's first speech on her three-day visit to Africa. For more, head here:  
This is weird because Gina Miller spent more than a year and a half saying she “had no interest in stopping Brexit and just wanted due process”.She’s not a hypocrite and habitual liar is she?  
The EU is our enemy. All they want is to inflict maximum damage on the post Brexit British economy.  
‘No deal’ Brexit is predicted to cost £1,000 per household per year. This may not be the end of the world for you, Theresa. But for many in my constituency, and across the country, this is the difference between poverty and making ends meet. 
Four years ago this morning that I triggered a by election to help put an In/Out referendum centre stage.  Wonderful to see how far we have come. Over the next four years we need to find ways to create a consensus with millions of decent, patriotic folk who voted Remain 
This lot have incredible political amnesia.The NHS is under threat because of the Tories, not because of Brexit. Fuck me, this is basic stuff  
I’ve no confidence in this PM or her govt. A No Deal Brexit will be a disaster for #Wales.  Who claims the Welsh economy will be better off after Brexit? No one. The more extreme the deal, the harder we will be hit. #StandDownTheresa 
Mrs May this morning treating bewildered African schoolchildren, through the medium of dance, to an interpretative choreography entitled ..... "My smooth handling of the Brexit negotiations" :) :)  
Justice delayed is justice denied. #Brexit #fbpe 
Yeah but Democrats have some great potential leaders to oppose Trump. We  have an opposition leader who supports Brexit.  
Theresa May’s latest defence of her Brexit policy - ‘it’s not the end of the world’Have we ever had a more weak, useless, damaging, disgraceful, dishonourable pretence of a government than this one? 
The National Crime Agency confirms they are not investigating @Arron_banks or our campaign. A major blow to referendum sore losers like @BenPBradshaw, @carolecadwalla and @SKinnock who wanted to cause vindictive political mischief!Support us at  
Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham accuses 'arrogant' second #referendum campaigners of ignoring why people voted  #Brexit  
Confirmed: Presidential election (#aras18) to take place on Friday 26 October, alongside prospective referendum on removing the Constitution's anti-blasphemy clause. @3NewsIreland #3news 
Just #3BlokesInAPub talking about Brexit preparedness notices...  thanks to @everycountry yet again.Episode 4 now available to watch... We would love to hear from you. 
What we are deeply worried about is your PM & your Chancellor's attempt to thwart #Brexit not to mention other MPs & for @theresa_may to go to Africa, the country that wants to slit white farmers throats is somewhat disturbing & spend 4 Billion of taxpayers money is bonkers!!! 
#BIAFRA: IT WAS A TREMENDOUS MOMENTS TO LINGER AS #IPOB FAMILY MEMBERS RESIDING IN IRELAND HELD THEIR NATIONAL MEETING IN CORK CITY.. DECLARING THEIR UNFLINCHING SUPPORT TOWARDS THE BIAFRA REFERENDUM CALL.#SupportBiafraReferendum.PHOTO CREDITS COURTESY OF ISAIAH UBAH 
If we didn't have sovereignty, how could we hold a referendum?How to kill the sovereignty argument in 11 words. 
The only yardstick by which Brexit now looks good - ‘the end the world’ - & this is the PRIME MINISTER speakingImagine Churchill saying that   
Trump heads into a midterm referendum on his presidency showing no real progress on a core promise: to raise the wages of America’s “forgotten man and woman"  
The results of determining land reform policy by a show of hands in struggling rural towns should especially worry the poor, for its unintended but foreseeable consequences will surely cost them most dearly. Policy-making by referendum is the refuge of the moral coward. 
No, @JuliaHB1. Voting Lib Dem in my constituency would have made absolutely zero sense. Labour stood the best chance where I was.I and many others, voted Labour DESPITE their manifesto because we needed STRATEGIC opposition to the way Brexit was going. 
The country is falling apart, crime rate through the roof, NHS & Education budgets not enough, BREXIT a shambles & the Prime Minister has time to dance! 
1/3 In 2016 BrexitCentral asked me to write a website piece. I did that, submitting it on 4/10/16. It was called 'The Day after Brexit'. It raised a strategically critical question: what should the UK-EU economic relationships preferably be on 30/03/16? There was no response. 
Head of Japan's business lobby says no-deal Brexit would be disastrous, urges Britain to stay in customs union. Despair at having to plan for all outcomes.  
Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world'. She's right - the world will keep on turning, rolling over the twitching corpse of Britain. The hedge funders will look on from their Dublin and Frankfurt offices as they place their bets on date of death. 
"Brexit won't be the end of the world but we are stockpiling food and medicine and putting the army on standby in case of unrest..." was apparently too long a campaign message to get on the side of the #Brexit bus! 
Julia tells Remain campaigner Femi Oluwole: "If you wanted to stop Brexit you should have voted Lib Dem." Watch ▼@JuliaHB1 | @femi_sorry | @OFOCBrexit |  
It’s called planet reality - nearly 30 yrs in business and working in 13 countries. My knowledge and experience is not determined by how much time I spend on Twitter, which I’ve not used until this Brexit idiocy. What about you? What’s your international business experience? 
May says no-deal Brexit not 'the end of the world' - Sky  
Another thread from the priceless @JasonJHunter on how the EU will have to charge tariffs on UK exports after #Brexit - thanks to rules the UK helped to draw up  
#ProudToBeARemoaner I'm remoaning because I'm sick of a cabal of posh boys recklessly playing politics without giving a toss about the potential impact Brexit will have on the lives of me and my family.  
You just exposed why Brexit is completely nonsensical!  
#BREAKING British PM May vows post-Brexit UK to be leading investor in Africa  
"BBC News is not biased in Brexit reporting, says John Simpson." He's wrong. John Humphrys is so transparent, giving an easy ride to Brexiteers but constantly interrupting others. The BBC gave Farage much more airtime than he ever merited and is now doing the same with Rees-Mogg. 
"In 2018, five of the world's fastest-growing economies are African" - Theresa May lays out why Britain will increasingly look to new emerging African markets after Brexit. Here's more on the story:  
Theresa May claims that a no-deal Brexit “wouldn’t be the end of the world”. Theresa May is not a moderate trying to hold the line. Her record marks her down as a xenophobic nationalist who sees democracy & law as barely tolerable impediments to government.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The sad decline of MSM.Incredible that this guy is supposed to be an impartial, senior journalist for one of our major broadcasters. Dripping with anti-Brexit bias from every pore of his keyboard.  Utterly unfit for purpose.  
Pound falls against euro for a fifth day after Theresa May revives the prospect of a no-deal Brexit  
Theresa May just made the point that Brexit is stupid in Cape Town.#MayInAfrica 
'Everyone is seriously concerned': 2 years after its viral Brexit letter, Japan is back with another dire warning on leaving the EU  
It’s the new year and yes ONCE AGAIN I am determined to eat better, who is with me on this one? Let’s start with an easy pressure cooker chicken recipe shall we, buttery taste and lower in calories using @ICBInotbutter instead of butter. #SpreadNoDrama #ad  
Promises, 2016:“No downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside”“£350m a week for the NHS”“Sunlit uplands”Promises, 2018:“At least it won’t be the actual apocalypse”  
Where's the enthusiasm? A WTO Brexit would be brilliant news for this country!  
It is ironic that those Leavers backing #Brexit because of sovereignty are supporting right-wing politicians like who want to hand over much of that sovereignty to a super-rich elite who couldn't care less about Britain and its people.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
By the way, you don’t have to Brexit to trade with Africa : “Kenya Says French Companies to Invest $10 Billion in 12 Projects” #r4today Theresa May playing ‘catch up’ in Africa ? 
How many times does this have to be repeated? Post Brexit, UK firms will trade with their counterparts in the EU, and vice versa. IT IS NOT A ZERO SUM GAME. Jeez.  
Theresa May brings her Brexit roadshow to Africa. My latest for the BBC  
More great news: a no deal #Brexit "wouldn't be the end of the world".Well thank fuck for that.And thank fuck we have strong & stable leadership from a strong & stable govt, who, I might add, belong in a strong & stable prison for what they're doing. 
We must raise €10,000 this week for an accessible stage and essential event logistics to make this year's March happen. Together we have won the referendum but now we need to fight for good legislation. #ARCMarch18  
This is an obviously terrible idea, but post-Brexit we’ll see constant calls for VAT to be used to punish/subsidise particular sectors.  
What is this bloody rubbish about us at least staying in the Single Market as an alternative to Brexit  Noooo we need Independence!! End of!!! 
Priti Patel is right.  We must chuck Chequers or disillusioned voters will reject mainstream politics. Chequers is not Brexit, it is Remain in all but name..  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May is travelling to South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya this week as she looks to boost Britain's post-Brexit trade. Here's what she's up against  
This is an excellent thread in the impact of #brexit on aviation. This particular tweet makes the point very well. It's not politics, it's the law, it's insurance, it's safety. It's another example of why this government has got its head in the clouds. #FBPE 
Theresa May said remaining in the EU would keep the UK safer & more prosperous. Now crassly saying a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world.' The country is desperate for honest, decent leadership...  
Remember a time when BBC journalists knew what they were talking about? When they were the brightest & best?@BBCsarahsmith has a discussion about non existent EU tariffs on African goods.This is how we got #brexit.People were informed by a completely uninformed media. 
There are over 50 non-EU countries which UK has trade agreements with through EU. If these fall away due to a “no deal” #Brexit there will be major disruption to our trading relationships around the whole world.  
South African businesses we’ve spoken to also say that currently UK is their preferred trading partner partly because we are a gateway to the EU. That will change after Brexit. Africa more generally is being wooed by big bloc of EU, China and US. Question is- Can Britain compete? 
7/ regime that the UK helped to draft and fully signed up to.The ONLY way this could be changed is if the Treaty is changed.  This requires the agreement of all remaining 27 countries. Many of whom have a referendum lock if there are any changes to the Treaty. 
On the first day of being elected @theresa_may  pledged to fight social injustice & help the just about managing. Today she's saying  brexit is more important than your standard of living or your pensions.  
Message to the Media, Westminster and the anti-Brexit campaigning Elite.The ordinary, decent, hard working majority of Britain are getting very angry at your pathetic lies and desperate attempts to cheat us out of our Brexit. Without us you are all nothing. Remember that.   
Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world': Not for you perhaps but it would be a disaster for ordinary people  
Sally Hunt, general secretary of the University and College Union (UCU), which has more than 100,000 members, said the fall-out from Brexit is the “biggest challenge facing higher education”. 
Don’t recall that ringing endorsement on the side of the bus. “It won’t be the end of the world”. Fact remains No Deal will be painful & there is no informed consent to crash out, no-transition #Brexit.  
Key aspects of the government's White Paper must be changed in order to deliver on the PM’s promises, the commitments made in the Conservative manifesto and the referendum result.  
Putting fairy tales to rest part 2: there goes the ‘after Brexit we’ll be so much fairer to the developing world’ fairytale  
Theresa May says no-deal Brexit will not be the 'end of the world'  
Will @UKlabour let May get away with ignoring the illegality of the referendum? That would be an unforgivable travesty of democracy #StopBrexit 
.@rafaelbehr eviscerates the claim that #Brexit will make Britain more open to the world in just two paragraphs.EU membership is a springboard to global trade, not a barrier to it.If we value a global Britain, we need a #PeoplesVote and we need to #Remain in the EU. 
This is the sort of interview where lies go unchallenged that brought us #brexit. It is also one of the reasons that fewer people now trust @BBCNews. Shameful rubbish. #r4today 
Brexit. Not quite as bad as World War 2.  
#Brexit hero to zero in one easy step.... yes/no  
Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world'. Maybe not but it would be last straw for our society already broken by vicious austerity since 2010. As you might expect under Tories the rich elites will gain, the rest will suffer.  
South Africa has previously indicated it is prepared to use the existing agreement with the EU as a template for a post-Brexit UK-South Africa agreement, but it will seek some renegotiation. 
We know you will be fine Theresa. No doubt you plan to join David Cameron in retirement, enjoying the perks of a Prime Ministerial pension.It will be millions of ordinary Brits will suffer from #Brexit - the poorest and youngest most of all. 
Corporate Japan despairs at UK’s Brexit chaos: "Various scenarios get discussed, from no Brexit to plunging into Brexit without any kind of deal at all. We’re now in a situation where we have to consider what to do in all of them..."  via @financialtimes 
Winter 2025: Deep in the urban jungle of North Islington, the last #FBPE cell has been hunkered down in the Brexit bunker for 3 years, living on stockpiled Brie, hummus, olives & Prosecco. With supplies running low they emerge, blinking into daylight, to find.....*INSERT HERE* 
Securing Scotland’s place in Europe. Discussing the options at Europe’s ‘Festival of Ideas’ @forumalpbach. 11am today in the Erwin-Schrödinger-Saal. #Brexit #Alpbach #efa18 #myeurope 
Why is @BBCr4today pursuing this line on agricultural tariffs?? All African LDCs already have tariff-free access through EU, South Africa has an FTA & Kenya has an EPA. Please don’t perpetuate dodgy #Brexit myths! 
Is @BBCsarahsmith really falling for this "Africa faces huge EU tariffs" bull from Tory brexit loony Hariet Baldwin?The facts are out there, how can @BBCr4today not know these basic details after all this time?#PeoplesVote@LBC #r4today 
Perhaps Theresa May can fill Ramaphosa in on the dangers of overreacting to a small populist party. Despite holding only one parliamentary seat and 13% of the vote, UKIP made a lot of noise & the rising pressure led to the Conservatives making the rash promise of a Brexit vote. 
Government Brexit position has gone from "We will rule the world again!" to "Well, it won't be the end of the world, eh?!" in four weeks. 
Tuesday August 28th, 2018.It is now 99 days since my last interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation.But only 28 days until Andrew Neil, BBC's senior political journalist helps me promote my book. #DarkMoney#Brexit#indyref2#BBCBias 
I do not understand why someone could accept Brexit but rejects Scottish independence! Brexit only serves to illustrate that England and Scotland are on different political paths. Let Brexit serve England and independence will serve Scotland.Divided neighbours! #ScotlandCan 
If you’re bothered by loss of £1.2bn... does it bother you Brexit has cost the NHS £1bn *per annum* in increased supplies bills (+ reimbursement of UK citizens’ healthcare abroad) thanks to fallen £?The UK chose Brexit. We chose to walk away. It risks Galileo, NHS and more.  
This by @gideonrachman is spot-on in its analysis of the big picture of the Brexit talks: hard-Leavers, hard-Remainers and some in Commission all v the kinds of compromise that cd prevent a no-deal Brexit.  @CER_EU 
So the yard stick for #Brexit now is just the end of the world?  
The Tories resume their infighting as PM "slaps down" spreadsheet Phil over economic fears on no deal Brexit....  
Theresa May is quite right of course. A "no deal Brexit" wouldn't be the end of the World. Just the end of Britain. 
Wake up call on No Deal Brexit from Japan Inc.  These are companies like Nissan, Honda, Hitachi who have invested and created tens of thousands of jobs in UK  via @financialtimes 
Spirits up, people! Poll after poll says voters have changed their minds about Brexit. Most MPs never wanted it in the first place. Any significant setback will prove fatal to the project.Will Brexit survive till March 29th? No fucking chance. Rejoice! 
Back in 2011, that wee, sleekit, cowran, tim'rous beastie for the 18th Century, Jacob Rees-Mogg, was havering on aboot haeing a second EU Referendum on the final Brexit deal.He doesnae like folk reminding him of this. So dinnae retweet it. 
We are powerless to “chuck Chequers” Boris. We need a Brexiteer government to take charge before May, Robbins, Hammond & Co, aided by capitulating Remainer MPs throw Brexit away.  
Theresa May is a weak and wobbly Prime Minister who is being held hostage by hardline Brexiteers such as Johnson, Gove and Rees-Mogg. She is not even allowed to say that Brexit is a complete and utter disaster.It is absolutely pathetic. #r4today 
MPs backing or enabling Brexit are helping to usher in an authoritarian UK.This is not the greatest exercise in democracy, it's death of democracy.The ref result used as justification for greatest peacetime disaster has proved to be corrupt and unsafe. @uklabour @Conservatives 
The end is in sight. Mrs May will bluff her way to the finish line and then we crash out. Politics trumps good sense. It will never go to parliament, there will not be a vote, and no chance of a referendum. Game over...#Brexit  
18 years ago next month the UK ground to a halt 'cos of a shortage of unleaded petrol. It was unpleasant but a picnic compared to a no deal Brexit.May is woefully and dangerously complacent.  
Theresa May signals Brexit no-deal not 'the end of world' Yep, this is the best they’ve got now. Quoting WTO boss saying world won’t end after Brexit. No more talk of sunlit uplands.And the whole world sees its - as here in Singapore#BrexitShambles 
Some trade facts as PM starts her 3  country “global Britain” Africa tour to open up new markets after Brexit. UK exports to...South Africa = £4.4bnNigeria = £2.1bnKenya = £1bnTo ALL of Africa = £17.6bnUK exports to the EU= £243bn. 
Emmanuel Macron has rejected Theresa May's plea for help with rescuing her Brexit plan. France is seeking to maintain a strong, special relationship with the UK  but not at the cost of the unravelling of the European Union!! #r4today  
Dis-United Kingdom in focus today: Theresa May to give speech in Cape Town trying to drum up post-Brexit business with former African colonies, while @Feorlean from @scotgov will be in Paris giving a speech about Scotland’s desire to remain in the EU  
If @theresa_may 'leads' the UK into a #FlounceOut no deal Brexit then the Tory Party will be destroyed.  However,  so will the UK. This is NOT a rational process,  it is organisational pathology at its most dangerous.  #PeoplesVote 
‘Home Office finally trialing EU residents registration system for post Brexit’Great, should be ready about 2030 then 
The "funny" thing is that the UK/Turkey trade deal that the Brexit Government is negotiating includes immigration into the UK from Turkey whereas the existing EU deal UK benefits from, doesn't.  
 is already the No 1 foreign investor in . Today PM will set new ambition for investment in Africa @ukinsouthafricaTheresa May to pledge Africa investment boost after Brexit -  
In this respect the PM’s post Brexit Africa tour is proving prescient already. Our team is delayed at customs filling out paperwork for our equipment.  
Today is 589 days since Northern Ireland had an executive or assembly, beating Belgium for modern European record of ‘zombie democracy’. Deep anger here in Belfast & Derry/Londonderry where I’m going by train today, & against Brexit where big support for people’s vote to stop it 
Read this ...She is now talking of “making a success” of a no deal.....Theresa May says a no-deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world' | Politics | The Guardian  
There's a view that those who did NOT vote in the referendum did not mind what the result would be.But many (like my mother) did not vote because they did not understand the issues.So really we should count non-voters as Remain voters - this being the status quo. 
‘Brexit would win by BIGGER margin’: Jeremy Vine says Brits ‘angry’ we haven't left EU yet  
Theresa May will say she is “unashamed” to use British aid in Africa to promote trading links after Brexit  
The ludicrous #Theresa May talking about investing in Africa post Brexit when White Sth African farmer's land expropriated. This shows she has no clue We should be investing in dynamic far East economies and not Basket case kleptocracies 
Seeking Brexit friends, U.K. aims to be Africa’s top investor  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has landed in South Africa in a bid to secure trade deals ahead of Brexit. Courtesy #DSTV403. 
Shocked by Brexit and concerned about the future of my children, I began seeking the reason why we are leaving the EU.Following an extensive research into the EU - UK relations, I wrote this article two years ago. 
France to make contingency plans for no-deal Brexit  
The Brexit party learns there are downsides to going it alone.  
Theresa May looks flat fukken desperate. If South Africa had its shit together, we could reverse colonize these people, and own Big Ben and Heathrow and stuff. #brexit 
Hey folks, Cambridge will be having a referendum on Ranked Ballots in the up coming municipal election. Please follow @YesCambridge to see what all of the excitement is about! #RankedBallots #123Vote #WRawesome 
2001 attempt at eliminating straight-ticket voting when the MI Legislature passed SB 13The appropriation has additional significance:it prevents a referendum on PA 268PA 268: violates EPC Equal and the VRAGRANT Plaintiffs’ request for a permanent injunction of PA 268.  
Heard about #Chagos, #Mauritius, #UK, #Brexit & @BorisJohnson on news today? But what does it all mean for Chagossians? Our summary here  
Thank you to everyone who came out to mark the first vote in the nation cast by women, which happened in South St. Paul! 98 years ago history was made in SSP! Oh the public works bond referendum passed that day too!  
International Trade Secretary @LiamFox discussing the new UK Export Strategy, trade and investment opportunities in #AsiaPacific and #Brexit at @britchamsg in Singapore 
.@BritChamSG today hosted a  panel discussion with @LiamFox @tradegovuk; the panel talked about the latest developments in the UK, including #Brexit #BusinessOpportunities #ExportFinance #InternationalTrade #FreeTrade 
The bullshit just keeps coming. Leavers keep on lying. And misdirecting. The fact that anyone still even considerers Brexit is insane. The EU, USA & NATO are facing an existential threat from the extreme right. They're organised and linked. And UK is giving them what they want. 
Brexit: a "superbrain" crashes and burns - resident IEA superbrain, Julian Jessop, tries "to separate Project Fear from Project Fact" on aviation, with a "no deal" fact-checker. Unfortunately, even his towering intellect doesn't quite cut it...  #Brexinfo. 
 Blow the whistle @ #wikileaks #eagles #nfl #Yankees   #Phillies  #Netflix #uber #Brexit #nyc  #starbucks #Hiphop 2016: DEMS lost even with Voter Fraud DOJ FBI Shadow Banning, Russia Dossier, and THE #spygate . 2018: Biggest nightmare of Fake News Media and The DEMS ? PUTIN ! 
.. @JohnSimpsonNews "BBC not biased with Brexit". Oh yes they are. How many times did they have an unelected gob called Farage on the news and Question Time. Think again John. #bbcnews 
Like Brexit and the British, the Italian far right's threat to block next year's EU budget will backfire on the poor of Italy. No budget = No social funding = No regional funding = hardship & austerity.  
"The only election conducted in 2019 should be a #referendum in Nigeria!" #SupportBiafraReferendum 
Corporate Japan despairs at UK’s lack of clarity over Brexit  
Premier Andrews says Nov state election will be a referendum on “who gets things done” #7NewsMelb 
So why are we leaving the EU, the largest trading block in the world rather than having a meaningful public debate about the systemic crisis of the UK’s domestic political economy? Perhaps Brexit has created reality blindness, a rare but curable condition.  
FFS. After two years remoaners still can't get over the fact that the majority of the electorate voted to LEAVE the corrupt EU. ANYBODY with the FBPE tag cannot, in my opinion, be trusted to tell the truth about ANYTHING to do with Brexit. That includes OUR Civil Service. 
Theresa May to pledge Africa investment boost after Brexit  
May's mission to woo Africa after Brexit  
May's mission to woo Africa after Brexit  
lol remember when gina miller tried to pretend that all she cared about was providing a sound legal footing for brexit  
If Brexit goes ahead and we end up with less control over our laws due to economic necessity ON TOP OF the areas that have been most left behind being the hardest hit, after they were promised more control & better prospects, Brexit voters will be even angrier than Remainers. 
An opposition party who opposes Brexit. That would be better than fifteen fucking bank holidays.  
The anger about this #brexit is becoming  stronger.  Politicians cannot put their fingers in their ears, say 'the people have spoken' when they haven't, freeze people out, not know today what it even is --- especially when the the whole edifice is built on a corrupted vote. 
Jeremy Corbyn set to face pressure from union leaders to back a second Brexit referendum 
Let this sink in - 'The British have already gone from a growth engine to the worst performers in Europe' 
Challenge for the week:Please find me a benefit to #Brexit.If you cannot do this then please to not give air time to Brexiteers as to do so is effectively to advertise a vanity project which cannot work to the benefit of Britain.#r4today #newsnight #C4News #bbcnewsten 
Brexit is a massive lie won with Russian attacks & Vote Leave's criminality, it can never restore trust you idiot.  
There won't be any more bank holidays or any more holidays of any description if you don't #StopBrexit @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn.Because there won't be any money to fund anything.We were the Sick Man of Europe in the 1970s.Post-Brexit we will be sick, skint and sunk.  
Planning for a no deal Brexit is being hit by a shortage of ‘skilled civil servants’. Given the record of such people so far, that must be the best news for ages. 
The impact of Brexit is not a trivial matter | Letters  
Brexit Explained  
Tonight’s show is now up on the iPlayer. My guest is the truly erudite @Ray_Hearne. I also solve Man Utd’s defensive woes, solve the Brexit conundrum, tell the funniest joke you’ll ever hear and explain Venezuelan economics. It’s a MUST listen.  
And all to be thrown away by Brexit. Good Conservative Government depends on common standards of trade, safety, and security. In turn those standards are set and upheld by the Eu as long as we’re in. Outside we knock of WTO and hope that Spain, Argentina & Russia will let us in  
@Arron_banks Oh dear looks like @DamianCollins @tom_watson and old Codswallop @carolecadwalla been chasing unicorns  @BenPBradshaw must be gutted! We are leaving the EU, #brexit is happening, suck it up @peoplesvote_hq 
‘You can’t play politics with people’s jobs & people’s services.’ No wonder Kinnock is appalled by Corbyn on Brexit  
There is no threat to NI/UK unity from #Brexit whatsoever & anyone who suggests there is is totally clueless about NI. 
France to prepare contingency plans in case of no-deal Brexit  
A typically deceitful EU-blamefest from Johnson. Greece is in trouble because of incompetent & deceitful government & chronic tax-dodging & inefficiency, Outside the EU it would have been subject to harsh IMF rules. Brexit is always about blaming others.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Yesterday Atiku Abubakar received International accolades from UK Gov on his stand on BrexitToday Financial Times UK report slams a damaging report on President Muhammadu BuhariAre you thinking what I’m thinking? @atiku@OfficialPDPNig@FT@UKgovcomms 
'Grant Stern interviews investigative journalist and author Craig Unger about his findings of a billion dollars worth of laundered money from the Russian mafia through Trump properties dating back to over thirty years ago.' 
Today, @UKLabour asks, "What's better than a bank holiday?"How about stopping Brexit, ya big bunch of Tory enablers?  
The Tory Remainers hitting out at Boris Johnson are the same MPs spitting on their party's #Brexit manifesto pledgesThey want us to be ruled by BrusselsLet the #BlueWave Conservative grassroots revolution continue#StandUp4Brexit … via @PoliticsHome 
Will ⁦@Theresa_may⁩ seriously authorise an investigation? Unlikely. She’ll push ahead ignoring the illegality of action during the referendum and potential interference resulting in its outcome.   
This is the reality of Brexit. The removal of the union flag from aircraft flying from British airports.  
The Northern Powerhouse Minister, Jake Berry, having travelled around the North meeting its workers reports that they have no fear of Brexit and are impatient for it: ‘Northerners are brave about Brexit and we can all learn from their optimism and spirit of resilience’. Too true! 
Today I've learnt two new things...1) Even after washing your hair 3 times, the smell of weed does not leave your hair after a trip to the Notting Hill Carnival.2) In order to gain more followers, you just have to be an honest potty mouth about brexit.*waves... Hi new people! 
Senior Labour MP's citing social unrest as an excuse to deny the British people a voice on the Brexit deal is myopic.Throughout the passage of time; poverty, unemployment, inequality and injustice lead to social unrest. Brexit brings all.#PeoplesVote 
Where the Tories approach to Brexit has been prosecuted with a never before seen chaotic cluelessness the EU have been clear and consistent. The EU is a club with rules. You are either part of it or you are out.  
.@nikkibedi’s excellent and informative interview with @rizmc on BBC 2 resonates on so many levels. #Representation matters, UK is ill at ease with its past, with race, #identity and post #Brexit Britain.  “The situation is untenable,” says Riz  #Englistan 
Imagine no share of Trident debt, HS2 debt, London sewers, Crossrail, restoring HMS Brittannia, Westminster and Buckingham Palace repairs, and all the other vanity projects presented as Empire building. That would mean we are independent. No Brexit either. Choose our own way. 
A robot designed to replace migrant strawberry pickers will be ready by Brexit, academics say 
If you think what happens on the Brexit over the next 3 or 4 years is but a temporary blip, think again. Fergal Keane's "Story of Ireland is just describing how 4 or 5 years' delay deciding the fate of Ireland during Pitt's Prime Ministership led to 2 centuries of bloodshed. 
Second independence referendum is coming and EU will let us join, insists Michael Russell#IndyRef2 #DissolveTheUnion 
The Space race , laws in favour of puppies & plastic bags , sounds like desperate thrashing of @GavinBarwell out of his depth in Brexit wars ...  
The real reason so many politicians are against a 2nd Referendum is not that they believe it "anti-democratic" but that their credibility and careers depend on Brexit not being overturned. Polls like this Coventry one make them quake. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Forget moving to the EU in your car or hire van post brexit .. read this .. these  are personal possessions  .. of course at present we can hire a van fill it up and move - or pay someone to do it with no paperwork ( apart from a CMR) .. when we leave the CU this will happen ..  
Farage Denounces Campaign for Second EU Referendum: 'It's Not the People's Vote, It's the George Soros Vote'  
Just a suggestion @DerbyChrisW MPThere are tens of thousands of jobs at risk in Derby when Rolls Royce, Toyota and others are impacted by Tory Brexit.Fight that for a bit instead. 
Note some airlines have timetables through next March going on sale soon. If booking check for a Brexit clause.It may affect your right to your money back if we No Deal and they can’t fly.Several travel agents and airlines have started inserting these clauses. 
Was the referendum stolen? I think the thieves might have also stolen a few backbones. They're trying to get away with our futures too, but we're not letting go!#UKEUchallenge 
Because of #ElectoralCommission rulings on 2016 referendum there is an"in-time" opportunity to bring a #JR case and get #Article50(2) notificationannulled (case at ) - onethat takes forward excellent work of @A50Challenge.Please follow @UKEUchallenge. 
Tomorrow is primary election day! @browardschools is bringing a ½ mill referendum to voters, which will appear on ballots as the last item. This referendum would raise funds for high-quality education and safe learning environments. To learn more, visit . 
Great meeting Bill Wolsey today to discuss people’s vote & how to stop Brexit - in Belfast’s Merchant Hotel, which Bill converted, brilliantly, from former Ulster Bank to the centrepiece of this award-winning hotel  
Brussels keeps proving that Britain is better off out:  #Brexit 
We're all going to be drinking "warm bear" after #Brexit...  That's what they drink in Putin's Russia isn't it??   
Emmanuel Macron for once has done the UK a favour, by rejecting Theresa May's plea for help to rescue her #Brexit plan This is another nail in the coffin for the #ChequersPlanWTO Brexit or free trade deal it is then Good!#StandUp4Brexit 
At What Point Do We Admit #Brexit Was About Tax Evasion? | Shout Out UK  
Of course a no deal Brexit is very unlikely because the EU will back May’s Chequers deal as it really only amounts to leaving the EU in name only.  All the project fear hysteria over no deal is propaganda to manipulate voters against a proper WTO Brexit..  
We now know Brexit means:Less MoneyA smaller economyMore immigration from outside the EULesser security co-operationHigher taxes or fewer public servicesWe either accept broken promises are Ok or we go back to the country with the Deal.#PeoplesVote 
Your campaign is peripheral Andy. In Newcastle and Bristol you had a coach load turn up but that was it.Stopping Brexit is popular in trendy parts of London and Pret a Manger but elsewhere it's fringe. We already had a #PeoplesVote and it was leave.#StandUp4Brexit #BREXIT  
Brexit would hugely damage the UK. We need to challenge the reckless rhetoric of Brexit every step of the way.  
A perfect nonsense storm, the BBC and Telegraph come together to wonder why Brexit hasn’t happened. Maybe it’s because Article 50 requires a 2 year negotiation. And then there’s the never ending transition that’s being negotiated. It’s never going to happen. #stopbrexit now 
The EU faces yet another nightmare as Swedish eurosceptics who have promised to hold their own EU referendum are set to be the kingmakers in next week's election..  
There’s millions o' guid folk wha are struggling tae make ends meet. But they often end up making self harming choices when they vote, because they were lied tae by crafty and sleekit political bawbags who should be looking efter them instead. And that’s hoo Brexit happened.  
Coventry has its say on Brexit, in the Best for Britain poll they have now changed their minds, along with most of the country. 
Jacob Rees Mogg's fury as EU officials gloat UK will be CHAOS a week after Brexit no deal 
#PermanentEUCitizenship initiative is for all EU citizens in all Member States. BREXIT highlights the risk to rights enjoyed by EU citizens throughout the Union.  
The European Union is now ready to accept an INDEPENDENT Scotland as a full member with all the financial benefits, rights, privileges and influence of all other member states. Scotland's Brexit Minister has said ‘There’s NO OTHER future’. #politics 
I lived within half a mile of this. It was terrifying, we cannot go back to this. Anyone downplaying the difficulties in Ireland & brexit is mad  
Macron rejects May's plea for help to rescue her #Brexit plan.Another day..another nail in the #Brexit coffin. There is no 'Good Deal'..Bring it to a head asap...No Fudging..No Transition..No Extensions..just give us the #PeoplesVote & a #Remain option. 
On his epic train journey around Ireland it was great to welcome @Andrew_Adonis back to Belfast for a fascinating afternoon to discuss #Brexit @peoplesvote_uk @OFOCBrexit 
.@Nigel_Farage: "I Believe The Referendum Result WILL Be Enacted In The End."  
No-deal brexit is going to be fine, apparently. Why? Because there "would be ... an air services agreement". In other words, a deal. So to clarify: if there is an actual, genuine no-deal brexit with NO DEALS at all, then THE PLANES WON'T FLY.  
May & Corbyn both supported #Remain. Both are now desperately working for Leave - despite the woeful, illegal campaign, the narrow margin of the result & the warnings about the UK's world standing post-#Brexit.I do not trust either of them. I will never vote for either of them. 
John McCain was a hero who spoke truth to power.  Who in the Tory party will do that today?  Where is the hero who says:  "Brexit is failing because it was bound to fail. Whatever faults the EU may have it is OUR continent and we must lead it not run from it?" 
If we didnt have sovereignty how could we have held a referendum? 
We've made @TheNewEuropean@No10Vigil @EUFlagsTeam and #euflagmafia will be giving out 20,000 EU flags this year at the proms. That's 13k more than last year to highlight musicians plight if we brexit. EU youth orchestra has already left London too.  
Brexit = Sovereignty shrinkage.  
Wow. Imagine that. The entire world waking up at once. Trump isn’t the end. Him & Brexit were the beginning of the inevitable. No more fake news, no more puppets.  
"Brexit is a once in a generation opportunity for Britain to become more global, still looking to the EU but also to the rest of the world," says the IEA's @KateAndrs 
It’s not too late to save #Brexit, but we have to move fast and make it very clear that we expect our elected representatives to #StandUp4Brexit Please email your MP, follow @StandUp4Brexit and make a donation to our fighting fund at  
It’s kind of funny that every Brexiter article with a plan for No Deal Brexit is about coming to some kind of arrangement with the EU.They are right that the EU won’t want to be spiteful,but there is every chance that their own rules won’t allow them to save us from ourselves. 
The #Brexit vote has already wiped £440 million a week from Britain's economy  
Wicked day @BylineFest with the #StopBrexit #DreamTeam  @JasonJHunter @Femi_Sorry @EveryCountry @mikegalsworthy @ObiWokKanobe #EUsupergirl stopping Brexit like a boss!  #bollockstobrexit #BylineFest 
Facebook Shuts Down Iran-Linked Pages Attacking Brexit and Backing Corbyn  The sound of the social media mavens denouncing this interference in our politics is deafening... 
French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe  says that, in the event of a brexit no deal, measures will be taken to facilitate  the stay of British citizens already living in France. Good to know the French government cares about us as the @Conservatives certainly don't. 
I've never, ever known an issue as one-sided as Brexit.On the remain side is a mountain of evidence relating to the economy, ethics, practicality, legality and simple logic.On the Brexit side? A 2% voting margin obtained by fraudulent means.How is this even close? 
News breaking at ⁦@BylineFest⁩ - demands for a public inquiry into #Russia #Brexit by ⁦@tom_watson⁩ reported by ⁦@carolecadwalla⁩ 
Wilson’s devaluation reduced the value of sterling by 14%. #brexit caused sterling to fall by 15% to Feb this year and it’s continued to slide. Whilst it may technically not be a devaluation that’s just nit-picking. The result has been a massive reduction in British buying power 
Many voters of all sorts want the #PeoplesVote, as opinion surveys have demonstrated.  This is not a 'class issue'.  MOST Labour voters don't want #Brexit, or at the very least don't want the Brexit now seemingly coming our way.  That surely applies in Manchester, as elsewhere?  
I still find it utterly demoralizing that there are people still supporting #Brexit when there is not a single, tangible benefit for the vast majority of the UK.The Disaster Capitalists must be thankful there are so many Brexiters incapable of reasoned thought. 
UK, YouGov poll:EU membership referendumRemain: 53% (nc)Leave: 47% (nc)Field Work: 14/08/18-20/08/18Sample Size: 10,299#Brexit 
David Cameron failure to achieve a new deal with the EU led to Brexit , there is no deal it’s time to leave  
Michael Bloomberg: Brexit is stupidest thing any country has done besides Trump  
So do you use a different Twitter account to debate & insult people who still promote Brexit, Mr BBC Impartiality? Or does chairing a company which publishes a magazine that furiously promoted your paymasters the Barclay brothers’ position somehow prevent you from doing so?  
That alters this situation not at all. ANY president before him at least observed the simplest standards of decency. This is not a president. This is s psuedopresident who should be ousted from office summarily. We have proof the election was tampered with. Time for a referendum! 
Brexit means BrexshitLiterally 
Emmanuel Macron wants good relations with a post #brexit Britain but he doesn't want to do that at the expense of Europe's own integrity.. Europe's own sovereignty.. he puts Europe's interests first & then comes #brexit & the relationship with the UK. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
In my new book (out next week!) I write about the future of the English language in Europe after Brexit and how this will change our understanding of Hiberno-English. I wrote an article on that very subject today too!  
Ann Black’s fascinating survey of 2,746 Labour members shows 81% think it’s very important that there is a meaningful debate & vote on Brexit at party conference in Liverpool  
Watching Brits struggle with Brexit details for 2 years and wondering how the hell did these people manage to colonise most of the world. 
This is brilliant. Nicely done Will. Basically, UK government has been pathetic in the face of recent crises, so why should it be any different with a No Deal Brexit? Good question.  
Something better than a bank holiday? Doing your actual job as an Opposition and opposing the catastrophe of Brexit. Also: not being anti-Semitic.  
Excellent. @theresa_may personally made the decision to #Leave the #EuropeanUnionIt is her choice to cause the impending crisis. She and her wretched Government have to own it or cancel #Brexit and resign.#PeoplesVote #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
Gina Miller: Brexit is being used to try to usher in authoritarian state  
When it comes to #Brexit, we must not let the politicians forget about animals. Please call on @michaelgove to protect animal welfare when we leave the EU >>  #ProtectTheBill #StopLiveTransport 
As America gets to grip with Kremlin’s meddling in 2016 presidential elections thanks to #MuellerTime, UK Govt completely passive about what happened here in #BrexitShambles referendum. Good call ⁦@tom_watson⁩   
SMR: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is fervent Remainer, writer and journalist, @campbellclaret Will you join him and SIGN THE PETITION to demand your say?   
If I was May, I would stop foreign aid, scrap HS2. Reform all taxes/benefits. A proper Brexit, border control, deport illegal immigrants/foreign prisoners & dependents immediately. Spend the billions saved on social care/police/etc. Vanquish the house of Lords. 
Don't be misled: "No electoral system has a monopoly on either preventing or fostering far right parties, and those advancing claims to the contrary are merely cherry-picking examples to make mischief in this referendum."#pr4bc #bcpoli 
Frank Field on Radio 5 arguing against a #PeoplesVote on the basis that Brexit shouldn't be decided on facts but on the British people's "sense of destiny". He didn't go on to say how a sense of destiny will protect jobs and living standards but hey ho, Brexiters don't do detail. 
Things that would make #Brexit easy:1/ It made us better off, rather than poorer2/ Businesses were excited3/ We had actually lost sovereignty4/ The UK's problems were the fault of the EU5/ There was a plan.6/ Other countries were jealous6/ The ref was legal.#PeoplesVote 
i still don't understand how the opposition leader is supposed to stop us leaving the eu, something that has been decided both by referendum and by parliament. 
How my long suffering family, friends, colleagues and random people I meet in the supermarket who I bore to death about Brexit on a daily basis would wish that were true... 
Interview with @Suewilson91 on #Brexit and the legal challenge launched by a group of Brits in Spain, France and Italy.  
What about doing your job & opposing Brexit? We don’t give a monkeys about more bank holidays. Start looking after the many rather than few by stopping Brexit. 
Tom Watson demands answers about alleged Russian Brexit plot  
Another nail in the coffin for May’s Chequers proposal. There’s little support for it in her party, or in the EU. It is unworkable. & the public don’t want it.Persisting with it only increases the chances of either no deal or a blind Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
That Would Make #Soros & #RothSchild Happy#HarHarAldo #CindyMcCainYou ppl Are #SoCorrupt#TheFranklinAffair #Pedogate #Telford#Pizzagate #q #qanon #qanon8chan#cbts #thegreatawakening #maga#auspol #brexit #cbts #ausmedia#wwg1wwa  
Bad news for those trying to force a 2nd referendum or sell us the betrayal that is #Chequers...“Most people are too busy getting on with their lives to worry about whether the Bank and the Treasury are radiating gloom and despondency”#StandUp4Brexit 
Labour's @tom_watson is right: there's enough evidence for a Mueller-style enquiry into Brexit rule-breaking.  
the tory party is split over brexit, labour is split over corbyn, they are desperate to split the SNP. 
The #Brexiteers use the Greek experience as an illustration of how badly the #EU behaves towards sovereign states and their populations - showing they understand neither Greece nor the EU .  The comparison between bailout Greece & #Brexit Britain is nonsensical  
“People don’t really believe that at the end of March 2019 there will be no food in the shops, hospitals will be running short of medicines and that planes will be prevented from flying. A no-deal Brexit is seen as another millennium bug.”  
Why does the @bbc keep reporting that the #peoplesvote campaign is secretly trying to get Labour to change its brexit policy.  There is no secret about it. It’s perfectly open #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
I'm not a sweary type, but frankly my dears we don't give a fuck about extra bank holidays, we are rather keen on you pulling your fingers out of your arses & stopping our country being destroyed by Brexit.  
'arrogant' second Brexit vote.... arrogant after all the fucking lies we have been told by the right wing fascist Tories .... a second vote is the least we can expect 
Joachim Lang, German Industry chief: “We suspect that the effects of a hard #Brexit will be considerably more serious than the British government is currently telling its citizens. And above all in Britain itself.”  
"How is it possible that the Spanish police violence on October 1 [referendum day] is not being investigated," asks the Catalan president after prosecutor launches investigation against Catalan police for investigating individuals removing yellow ribbons  
Of course and rightly.Emmanuel Macron rejects Theresa May's plea for help to rescue her Brexit plan  
‘No-deal’ Brexit poses a real threat to North’s trade with Republic  via @IrishTimesBiz 
A short (well, probably short) thread about Brexit.... I’ve just returned from a longish road trip to Europe - we visited (counts) 9 countries, from the richest to the poorest in the EU, staying in a wide variety of places and meeting many different people. 
Macron: Brexit “is a sovereign choice, which we must respect, but it can’t come at the expense of the European Union’s integrity”. The French president not remotely hinting at compromise with @theresa_may 
NEW The brilliant @theJeremyVine in the @telegraph tomorrow: "There’s incredible anger about why Brexit hasn’t happened yet"  via @Telegraph 
Greater turnout, more diversity of candidates, more choice, no vote splitting or strategic voting, no false majorities! On October 22nd vote YES for Ranked Ballots in the @cityofkingston Referendum. #ygk @123YGK 
On the streets of Bath yesterday with the Brexitometer. Just one person thought Brexit would be good for Bath! @BathforEurope @peoplesvote_uk @_Britain4Europe 
Great to see so many new followers. Welcome aboard the #UKEUchallenge!Big news coming on Friday August 31.  #UKEUchallenge #Brexit 
No, Brexit will harm everybody but the top 1%. I think you should be voting for a party that supports a people’s vote. Not a party led by a man who’s supported Brexit all his political life. If you think Corbyn has always been on the right side of history,check his voting record  
PM Theresa May visits Africa to support new post-Brexit trade deals. 3 countries she is visiting (Nigeria, South Africa and Kenya) have a combined GDP of just over $800bn compared to nearly $15trn for EU-27 markets. Africa no substitute for EU trade.  
Macron says Brexit cannot divide EU, criticises Trump's isolationism  
This was a  campaign #Brexit poster.This was how the #Brexit vote was won. Preying on the genuine fears and concerns of the public.This is why there should now be a #PeoplesVote, now the truth is out. 
 I was speaking to a worker in a customs warehouse whilst collecting my papers for Swiss last year I asked “ what will happen if we leave the customs union “ .. his response .. “ I’ll leave this job with many others “ - they don’t want brexit .. 
Glad to be a part of the @thetimes #Bankholidayweekend Diversity Special pullout. In order for post Brexit Britain to thrive we must harness and nurture the untapped talents of excluded groups. #Diversify 
Brexit so far:*Sovereignty: slashed*Control: slashed*£: crashed*Economy: negative £100bn and counting*Inflation: up*Red tape: soared*Taxpayers money wasted on extra civil servants, management time, bureaucracy: soared*NHS: badly harmed*Trade: really fucked *Verdict:shit 
Orwell-worthy reporting from the Express on the British economy since the Brexit vote.  
Mrs May orders a Space race. She can’t even talk to the EU or her own people at home. Just image if she had to deal with visitors from outer space. Complete shambles and no insight. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Independence is not all about the SNP...The SNP are a vehicle to get us to where we want to be INDEPENDENT!!!You're not voting 'YES' for the SNPYou're are voting 'YES' for a better future for...You, your children & all future generations#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum  
MEP: Theresa May went in with a begging bowl accepting whatever EU was offering.She has made such a mess of negotiations.It was quite clear vote meant to Leave EU meant taking back full powers from Brussels - not a loose 'semi remain' #EU model.#Brexit 
"The effects of a hard Brexit will be considerably more serious than the British government is currently telling its citizens. The British have already gone from a growth engine to the worst performers in Europe.” 
I think JC wants what is best for the U.K., I think he is not stupid and he is perfectly able to assess the potential damage of Brexit and the benefits of remain and reform. He is playing the long game and watching his opponents destroy themselves as they try to destroy him. 
Fuck off brexit 
Second independence referendum is coming and EU will let us join, insists Michael Russell @Feorlean 
How odd that companies such as EasyJet that actually operate airline services don't share the IEA's confidence that everything will be fine after Brexit.   
I voted Brexit and drove to Poland all the way across Europe for my holidays I totally love the place !! Love Europe hate the EU there’s a huge difference between the two that these people don’t see or probably don’t even visit ! 
According to French President Macron,  a majority of French citizens would also vote Frexit if he would give them a Referendum. Do a majority of French not love their country ? Of course they do, and that's why they like us, want out! 
UK gains from EU membership. But facts mean nothing to followers of the Cult of Brexit! They prefer fantasy & magical thinking to reality. To them reason is treason & facts are just “Project Fear”! Have a healthy fag like Herr Farage & feel the power surging into your body! #FBPE 
Thread by @brexit_sham: "Video Thread 1of 7 Further astonishing footage from the Canadian Parliament today when @DamianCollins gave evidence,ylis nailing what members of the British government pretend hasn't happened.... Sorry, your browser d […]" #unsafe 
Had some arguments with FBPE lately but this one where #Corbyn allegedly forced May to call Article 50 gets the prize, as if May would listen to Corbyn over her own mainly pro Brexit party, its like Corbyn as magical powers only FBPE knows about #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut 
This is where the EU-27 & Commission, and UK Government positions are on #Brexit at the moment.Out of this little conundrum where do we end up?  
When you thought Declan Rice was a remainer but it turns out he's pure Brexit.  
People's Vote campaigners bid to change #Labour's stance on second #Brexit referendum ahead of annual party conference  
#ThisMorning trends no 3 on #Twitter as fuzzy phone lines ruin viewers chances of winning quiz. People apoplectic. Both major parties support #Brexit and nation is advised to stockpile.  People apathetic. Welcome to modern Britain #BankHolidayMonday 
British farmer Stephen Bretts explains why #Brexit will lead to massive recruitment problems in the #agriculture industry. 
Amazing how many people seem to think that it is not possible to want Brexit and also to choose to holiday in France. Remainiacs are utterly bonkers.  
As well as being on the @RoosterTeethUK Panel, you can me at #RTXLondon on the CommEUnity panel with @RTScots and @merksmirs (@rt_germany) because we’re determined to prove Brexit is a hoax!  
What makes it different @bbcnickrobinson is that @JasonJHunter only deals in facts, unlike @BBCPolitics @BBCNews @BBCr4today all of which allow any Brexit drivel unsubstantiated by evidence and without serious challenge from interviewers like yourself. 
Quelle surprise!Quelle surprise!Emmanuel Macron rejects Theresa May's plea for help to rescue her Brexit plan  
Macron says Brexit cannot divide EU, criticizes Trump's isolationism  
BLOODY HELL!!!!!!!! This is fantastic  news. We did this WHILST IN THE EU. Phew. We don’t have to leave. We are doing brilliantly. #Brexit is dead. Right? Right? Or have I missed something.....  
Once again the Brexiters are wailing that the EU is bullying the UK. We warned them that the EU was the stronger party & would look after the 27 not us, but they said that was project fear and that the UK held all the cards. Yet more stinking #LeaveLies!#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
No-deal #Brexit thrusts UK into 'legal vacuum', warns @Keir_Starmer 
Turns out we didn’t hold an ill-advised referendum which leave won by cheating & lying & the gvt is now harmfully dragging the country out of the biggest trading bloc in the world where we exercise considerable influence. Turns out the EU is excluding us.  
I do think one of the reasons the public are quite relaxed about Brexit is because they don’t actually understand there is no status quo to fall back on. 
Michael Bloomberg: Brexit is stupidest thing any country has done besides Trump  
VOTE: Should Canada have a National Referendum on Supply Management to let the Canadian People decide? 
Some British universities are considering setting up continental campuses after Brexit to sidestep restrictions on immigration  
This is an important contribution. Real dangers for science, innovation and healthcare in a no deal Brexit.  
Friends! NOTE to Far-Right Trolls, e.g. most Labour MPs!I'm NOT interested in discussing what Jeremy may or may not have said in the dim & distant past, e.g. last week!I AM interested in smashing the TORY hegemony, i.e. Zionist Brexit!Talk about "For the many, not the Jew"!  
It wasn’t an interview. It was a debate. There are lots of them on @BBCr4today. Indeed, we are sometimes criticised for treating Brexit as a balanced debate rather than focussing on what is true & what’s not. What makes it different is how effective @JasonJHunter is. 
In answer to an EU official’s claim that “Britain will be in chaos within a week of a No Deal Brexit” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg served up some perspective #StandUp4Brexit Read full article:  
You know which is a really good deal with the EU? The current one the UK has which is actually better than any other member states’ inside the Union. #EU #Brexit 
Post Brexit we will only have English burglars  
Classic Andy Burnham, he's not against a second referendum, he's not in favour of it either.  
"I voted Leave, Brexit's a disaster, but there's been a referendum, so let's just get on with it." Like someone diagnosed with terminal cancer booking his trip to Dignitas. The doc then says it's a misdiagnosis." Bloke says, "Too late, I've paid for it, I'm off to kill myself." 
This video shows how much anti-immigration drove the Leave voteBut immigration will not do gown after Brexit, there will just be less EU migrants, and more from Africa and AsiaAm sure Brexiters will be thrilled with this alongside the economic misery 
The net cost of the EU for me, now I’m retired, is about one organic  a day for tariff free goods, easy travel, peace instead of war, efficient trading processes, access to FTAs etc world wide should I choose to trade.Brexit would have to deliver massive benefit to beat that 
It’s pretty disgraceful exploiting the NI troubles for petty political ends. 1000’s murdered and maimed. The U.K. had a democratic vote on Brexit and voted to be an independent nation...  
I find the tone of this article baffling. "Idiot Project Fear is telling you planes won't fly in a No-Deal Brexit! What drama queens! Amirite?""Anyway, here's why planes won't fly in a No-Deal Brexit unless we do side deals there's no indication anyone is negotiating atm."  
Euro is robbery of the century!We won’t be paying €20bn EU contributions!After all, EU is disintegrating itself.It’s over, not worth it!We won’t kiss Frau Merkel’s shoes no more, we won’t kneel to that Macron bully.Let’s end #EU kleptocracy!#Brexit 
People's Vote campaigners bid to change Labour's stance on second Brexit referendum  
Good grief. Patrick Minford: “A staycation is best because of the Brexit devaluation, which makes British holidays unbeatable value and is driving a strong improvement in the UK’s balance of payments.”  
Good . Brexiteers need to own this . Propaganda & lies to achieve, then nothing but whining about EU & remainers expecting us  to magically deliver their fraud. #PeoplesVoteMacron rejects Theresa May's plea for help to rescue her Brexit plan   
Dragon's Den star Deborah Meaden refuses to be buillied over Brexit.  
Securing a deal with the EU is top priority - but as a no-deal #Brexit looks increasingly likely, it's vital to prepare for it.Enter @iealondon's new series of briefing papers! First round: 'Planes won't fly' 'Mobile phone bills will soar' 
No @edvaizey. Only people betraying #Brexit are those trying to enable the pathetic Chequers Agreement (which will never be agreed by @UKParliament nor #EU), & every @Conservatives MP who is trying his/her best to stop #Brexit from happening. You are all pathetic, & will lose. 
The only thing that is really amazing about Brexit is that two years later there is still people who believe in "EU funding". The EU does not have money of its own. It is UK money going to Brussels before returning home under new labels. And with several billions missing. 
Macron tells May to do one, as she pleads for help to rescue her infantile #Brexit plan.  
In the final Prime Minister's Questions before the 2017 election, May said: "every vote for him (Corbyn) was a vote for a chaotic Brexit."I'll leave that there. 
The plans for a no-deal Brexit include ordering hundreds of portable lavatories to be used by lorry drivers caught in gridlock caused by the reintroduction of EU border checks. It’s a secret contract.  
Here Defence+Diplomatic Sunday Express Editor lying about the IEA, which is a hard right think tank pushing for a hard Brexit,free markets & recently had a podcast on Brits bearing firearms legally, saying it isn't a charity & to do some research. It's a charity. #ChangeTheMedia 
.The cynical manner in which @Conservatives @Jacob_Rees_Mogg betrays the fundamental values of British Unionism in pursuit of his dogmatic fundamentalist BREXIT has undermined the union - Why do @duponline continually support him? @uuponline @BelTel 
All Labour need do to win the next General Election in 2022 is oppose Brexit which will kick in March 2019 and invent the Tardis. 
The 2016 referendum has brought out the absolute worst in our country and society. Jeremy Corbyn thinks we should respect that - which is why I have zero respect for him.#PeoplesVote #CorbynOut #ToriesOut #WATON #BankHolidayMonday 
See latest statement on Brexit below   
So, the big #Brexit news of the day appears to be that a SECRET MEMO was leaked outlining the CLANDESTINE PLAN of a SECRET GROUP - that is, in fact, completely public - to give the people of the UK a vote on the final EU deal - which is, in fact, their publicly stated mission. 
 together bigger economically than whole of EU. Post #Brexit this strong Anglo-Saxon economic and military partnership will accelerate. We will prove to other EU countries thoughtful of their futures that you don’t need to be in a political union in order to trade. 
Emmanuel Macron rejects Theresa May's plea for help to rescue her Brexit plan  
We should send Simon Coveney's five-year-old in to negotiate Brexit.  
"I was classed as not fitto work on the old system I go on Universal Credit and magically I'm fit to work" says disabled former soldier Alex Tiffin as the @UN will investigate 'extreme poverty' in UK, impact of austerity and #Brexit.  
Next week's David Aaronovich column will cover cinema, especially the scene in Dirty Brexit where David Scorpio Davis pays someone $200 to beat him up so he can claim Corbyn brutality. Following week: Brexit Farce, where a trusty group of Legatum MPs shoot down Corbyn's Trots. 
Brexit zealot MP embraces US-backed free-trade goons on a mission to privatise NHS and cut worker rights. Who’d have thought. #BrexitMadness 
BETRAYAL: Dozens of Tory MPs would block No Deal Brexit, according to @NickBoles. “I can think of 40 Conservative MPs – at least – who will not support a No Deal Brexit.”Britain must be able to walk away from the EU without a deal!  
Reports suggest UK business output is at its lowest point in six years, nearing the point of contraction. This uncertainty, created by a potential no-deal, along with the general chaos of the Govt’s Brexit, only serves to underline how critical it is for a #FinalSayOnTheDeal 
"Britain is not going to have a No Deal #Brexit. Because there is no way to get that far."New blog post trying to make sense of No Deal (non-)paranoia, feat. @Sime0nStylites & @Brigid_Fowler 
how is this news?  a 'leaked memo' reveals people are working together to try to make Labour back a #PeoplesVote you say? we've literally been saying that for the last 4 months!!  change your damn Brexit stance @jeremycorbyn or we'll change it for you. 
Right, this lad has to be trolling now. Swapping the world’s largest economic bloc for better relations with Nigerian will benefit no one in the UK post #brexit  
Great news today - ‘Reckless’ attempt to appeal abortion referendum result dismissed   
Where are the ‘strong and stable’ health & housing sectors that were promised? ‘Strong and Stable’ Brexit or perhaps the ‘strong and stable’ police/education/firefighters services?Who ever really trusted this Tory government to deliver? #ToriesOut #JC4PM#ChangeIsComing  
"Britons seem relatively relaxed in the face of Brexit apocalypse" 
If Corbyn continues to enable Brexit, Labour won't win the next GE. If Corbyn continues to enable Brexit, Labour won't find a willing coalition partner. Wake up Labour!! 
The fact is Brits democratically voted to leave the EU in the largest vote in UK history. No elected government has ever received as much support as Brexit did. Scaremongering & propagandising from remainers can’t change that fact & they only weaken the legitimacy of UK democracy  
Risk of hard Brexit grows every day, warns German industry chief  
A WTO Brexit is becoming more and more likely.  
Many congratulations @iealondon on the launch of your “‘no deal’ Brexit Fear-Checkers to help separate theoretical risks from reality; Project Fear from Project Fact.”We need more impartiality and objectivity in this debate and you are bringing it. Great job   
The way the conversation around certain pieces of art seems to function only as a referendum on Trump increasingly irritates me.So I wrote about trying to divorce art from its historical moment, to see if you like it or only like what team it’s on.  
Hi Ho Hi Ho it’s off to Brussels I goThis  Derry Girl is your voice against bad Brexit & reckless Brexiteers  
I can basically wrap my head around the mindset that leads Trump voters to say “but I didn’t think the trade war would hurt *me!*”, because the positive-sum nature of trade is a little hard to grasp.But the mindset behind so many Brexit complaints... 
As @WilliamKeegan writes in The @Guardian, ‘The only sensible option is to remain in the #EU.’ He calls on @UKLabour to ‘get its act together’ and help save the nation from #Brexit. Read the extract of his article on @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page. Link:  
The Irish border makes Brexit incredibly complicated. Here's what it looks like now  
I’m afraid that’s not correct. The poll tax passed; but to reverse it Tory MPs replaced Thatcher with Major; Major then replaced poll tax. Important lesson for Tory ‘wets’ like @TomTugendhat who are propping Mrs May up & voting through hard Brexit hoping we won’t notice  
It’s Monday.And after a week spent feeling the odd man out among Greek, French, German, Italian fellow travellers, returned in the hope that this #Brexit nonsense had been scrapped.Only to learn that Mad May is now calling for a ‘Space Race’ with the EU post-Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Tonight on #TyskySour economist and ex-Syriza MP @C_Lapavitsas assesses the case against the EU, the state of Brexit negotiations, and what the Greek crisis can teach Jeremy Corbyn. Tune in at 8pm!  
Macron says Brexit cannot divide EU, criticises Trump's isolationism  
The European youth orchestra, based here, are leaving the UK due to brexit travel restrictions #fbpe @TheNewEuropean 
Brexit is like the reformation and sometimes change is good even if you get a bit of turbulence along the way.  
 No-deal #Brexit Fear-Checker No. 1: Planes won't fly"UK & EU would still be able to make arrangements which are already extended to non-EU members, such as an ‘air services agreement’ to keep planes flying" 
And what makes it possible to ‘immediately’ join anything after Brexit? Do you just walk into EU agreements as a freshly-minted 3rd country? Is EU obliged do what we tell them? Are they aware that absolutely anything EU does with a 3rd country gets negotiated, normally for years? 
What a paralysing waste of energy Brexit is.  
Mogg is so desperate to find someone who says nice things about Brexit that he quotes Atiku Abubakar, VP of Nigeria, the 27th most corrupt country in the World.  Abubakar was indicted for corruption in 2007, which takes some doing in Nigeria.  Despite a career as a civil servant  
.@MhairiBlack: The poorest in society will pay the price for the Tory/Labour mess on Brexit.  
Dominic Raab slams Philip Hammond claims that a No Deal Brexit will hit our economy 
Hardly surprising as @theresa_may is not giving us the Brexit the country voted for. People do not think she is a good leader and they want to vote in a leadership contest to replace her. 
More than four-fifths of the World economy (82%) is outside the EU27, according to the World Bank. 90% of global economic growth is occurring outside the EU, note the IMF and the EU Commission.Fairly clear, then, where Britain's attention should now be directed to! #Brexit  
Elected mayor of Manchester @AndyBurnhamGM attacks arrogance of ‘elite’ pushing for 2nd referendum.  He knows it will be catastrophic for Labour vote in north 
Why would someone vote leave in 2016 then want a second referendum because Theresa May is making a hash of the Brexit negotiations, I believe, on purpose? Only avid remainers would want a 2nd vote & we all know it. 
went to Starbucks and when the barista asked for my name I said "stop brexit" and she said "that isn't your name" and I giggled and she said "why do you do this" and I didn't have an answer and just looked at my feet and she said "do you still want a latte" and I said no 
‘Chuck Chequers’: Boris Johnson Slams EU and Theresa May’s ‘Brexit in Name Only’   
We will be discussing "Detoxifying The #Immigration Debate – can we transform public opinion & end the hate?" at the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference on 8 Sep in #Leeds. Panellists @natalieben @julie4nw & @emmyzen 
With lots of chat today about #PeoplesVote and @UKLabour, worth remembering...4/5 Labour members want a People’s Vote on the final Brexit Deal, and Labour stands to gain 4 million new voters if they do so. #FFS 
Oh sh*t!What can we do to get Alex off the front pages?Oh I know...Release the referendum squirrel!Mike Russell once again treating his voters like complete idiots.  
You have to ask yourself why @JeremyCorbyn is under constant attack from the anti-Brexit brigade, given it’s the @CONservatives, with the DUP, who have the majority in Parliament. You don’t see them trying to bring down Theresa’s majority.Funny that. They’re frauds. 
It’s not too late to save #Brexit, but we have to move fast and make it very clear that we expect our elected representatives to #StandUp4Brexit Email your MP, follow @StandUp4Brexit and give your support to the campaign at  
Can’t foresee any problems with the British post-Brexit satellite plan. Apart from the fact they’ll have to be made out of abandoned lorries from the M20 and assembled in sheds by starving children, then launched into space on rockets fuelled by innovative jam. 
#Macron talking foreign policy today: - warned of rise of authoritarian powers & nationalists- argued EU must rebuild itself & can no longer rely on the US for security- said the reaction to growing isolationism & votes like Brexit should be to make globalisation more "human" 
Let's call out Corbyn - 7 out of 10 Labour voters oppose Brexit but he's trying to dodge the question. Find our how you can call out Corbyn now: 
Second referendum campaigner Tom Baldwin finds out we've already had the "People's Vote" - it was to Leave the EU!   
Another reason Brexit is dense:  
What nonsense is this? @peoplesvote_uk “pressure” is futile. @UKLabour members choose the leader.We’ve chosen @jeremycorbyn- overwhelmingly & most definitely- twice. We rejected Owen Smith who offered a 2nd referendum.Our membership has soared because of JC.He stays.  
Conor Burns smacks down deluded Remainer plans for a second referendum. Get behind decent MPs like Burns and unite the Right by joining the party.   
Let's be clear. Keir Starmer & the remain side are not interested in a no deal Brexit. They all want to stop Brexit. They are just using the possibility of a no deal Brexit as an excuse to get what they want. They are conning the public & the public mustn't fall for it. 
Post-Brexit Bond: Bond is issued a blue passport with a razor-blade edge, removable garrote-wire binding, and exploding cover. Tries to enter Schengen. Is arrested because the biometrics are a match for multiple cover identities relating to unsolved murders in Europol database. 
The Brexit debate continues to consider international agreements like they fall off trees. INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS TAKE TIME TO NEGOTIATE. MONTHS OR YEARS.Sorry to shout. (h/t @SamuelMarcLowe) 
Theresa May off to Nigeria,  South Africa and Kenya with her begging bowl, to cut trade deals. I’m guessing the issue of Homophobia, Modern Slavery, and forced marriages, won’t be on her list of Topics to discuss, but never mind, it’s all in the name of Brexit. 
‘Flimsy’ attempt to challenge abortion referendum result dismissed  
BREXIT: Major push on to swing Labour behind campaign for People's Vote /#EU #Brexit #Labour #PeoplesVote 
Anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller 'eyes-up role as next Liberal Democrat boss' amid plans for Sir Vince Cable to step aside and let non-MPs become party leader 
You’re insane. We couldn’t afford this now, let alone after Brexit. Why don’t you fight to keep our EU employment rights like paid holiday, and actually keep jobs for people, instead? A million or more people will be on a permanent bank holiday post Brexit. 
BREAKING news re the appeal of the high court decision, refusing the application to challenge the results of the referendum #8thref #repealthe8th #together4yes 
This is so foolish, @AndyBurnhamGM. Why are you feeding this daft idea that opposition to Brexit is some posh London project when it's ordinary people everywhere who will get screwed by Mogg and Farage? Stop grandstanding and get behind the #PeoplesVote. 
#Brexit Britain is a country dominated by greed, lies, bigotry, cowardice and ignorance. And it is the will to reverse that debasement of our society which drives most Remainers, not economics. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
The EU referendum is proven to have involved lies and cheating. And the goalposts have moved since this all began.Why would it be undemocratic to have a vote on the final deal?Methinks this is not about democracy. 
Why on earth would any Brexit fan want to risk reigniting ‘The  Troubles’? It wasn’t far away on an island somewhere or even long ago. It was right here on the UK mainland. e.g. Manchester 1996  
Farmer on BBC News being interviewed about poor crops due to the hot weather and lack of rain. At the end the interviewer asked "Is Brexit also to blame?"She looked so sad when he replied "no, just the weather, the weather was the same in Europe, so we can't import from there" 
Farmers: Extreme cold temps and later heat wave has seriously effected our yields causing an 80% price increaseBBC: Are you sure Brexit has nothing to do with It? It's painstaking isn't it? 
You have 6 followers.You come bounding into my mentions saying Corbyn should stop Brexit. You get blocked. 
And so much of what was achieved in that struggle is about to be willingly surrendered by the current Labour high command as they stand shoulder-to-shoulder on Brexit with comrades Rees-Mogg, Farage, Murdoch and Johnson.  
The ERG #Brexit plan:1. Create and profit from Brexit uncertainty.2. Cause a no-deal crash. Play disaster capitalist & buy into the UK at bargain-basement prices.3. Maximise your profits as the UK is forced to become a tax haven style economy.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Will Dublin Become Europe's Regulatory Technology Hub After Brexit? via @forbes 
Brexit has been an awful learning curve for me.I've always been a great supporter of our politicians.It's just demonstrated how wrong I was. They aren't up to the job.We need root and branch reform. 
Jeremy Corbyn does NOT support Brexit. He does however support democracy, and the outcome of a legal referendum, which is a succinct difference. Were he not to do so, his enemies would have a field day! The Tories removed all viable debate they're the true villains! Recognise it! 
Expert trolling of Brexit Britain at Copenhagen airport  
PRESS RELEASE: IEA launches a series of ‘no deal’ #Brexit Fear-Checkers to help separate theoretical risks from reality.First two briefings: 'Planes won't fly' 'Mobile phone bills will soar' 
I’ve had a brainwave-when bands can’t get out of the uk from performing here post brexit when we’re outside the CU they can perform live on the m20 - you’ll have festival style loos - camping in trucks - food trucks and maybe even showers ! Any ideas of a festival name for this ? 
Boris: Historic mistake to turn UK into a rule-taker from Brussels with no say on those rules.Greece inside #EU: You see rage of a lost generation of young people who have no hope of a job.Unemployment 20%35% of people living in absolute poverty#Brexit 
Here’s what Government are up to: they know Lords aren’t convinced re #Brexit plans so they’ve tried to stuff loads of legislation in what they badge as ‘tax’ Bill. But Mr Speaker in Commons declines to certify it as ‘Money Bill’. So now no statutory bar to Lords amendments But.. 
Delighted @theresa_may will visit , ,  for post-Brexit trade opportunities today. @Enterprise_MPs pamphlet @JamesCleverly & I wrote said  needed to prioritise #Commonwealth #Africa trade. Great post-@Commonwealth18 follow-up with @tradegovuk support @GHollingbery 
Second independence referendum is coming and EU will let us join, insists Michael Russell  
Obviously, there can be no 2nd independence referendum and Scotland can't possibly be an independent country because... the Alex Salmond "scandal".Yes, some newspapers ARE running with an "analysis" that partisan and stupid. 
The Court of Appeal is dismissing the final challenge to the referendum result. Finally it will now be possible to officially remove the 8th Amendment from the constitution and move forward with legislation. #repealedThe8th #freesafelegal 
NEW: Ministers trying to railroad key #Brexit Bill through Lords IN ONE DAY next Tuesday using arcane parliamentary trickTaxation (Cross border trade) Bill should be amended, eg, to ensure a Customs Union. Hope Labour frontbench @johnmcdonnellMP will insist on committee stage? 
I remember wondering after the Brexit vote if even a tiny effort might be made somewhere to address some of the reasons for anger - such as shit wages, homelessness, huge rents, etc. It really is amazing that absolutely nothing has been done to improve any of that. 
Immediately after the 2016 referendum the EU: had a negotiating team in place, had secured a mandate, had clear red lines. The UK: had no plan, no impact assessments, impossible “red lines”, & *it* triggered Article 50 to start the clock. #NoDealBrexit will be UK’s fault alone. 
Outside the M25, people are much more optimistic about Brexit!   
Catalan president Carles Puigdemont has hit out over public money being given to a “legal” fascist group in in Spain, while at the same time seeking a referendum on independence was ruled illegal  
The media is so loaded these days, that anyone who exhibits a balanced, evidenced-based approach to any issue, whether it be brexit, Syria, Russia, antisemitism or Venezuela, is branded a heretic + trashed. One doesn’t even need to be radical. It is the current norm #brokenmedia 
Kier Starmer saying a no deal Brexit will hurt the country. Philip Hammond banging on about the same. We are losing ground with these scaremongerers, time for JRM and his rebels like Peter Bone to start barking. Also Farage you've got everyone's ear now do something about Brexit. 
A crisis meeting. Called for over a fortnight away. This perfectly encapsulates this government’s sense of Brexit timescale.  
Superb article from @JakeBerry,“They reminded me that they already switch daily and seamlessly between EU regulations and the rest of the world, so they see no reason they cannot adapt calmly to the challenges Brexit may bring.”  
“A feminist approach to economics, trade and social justice offers the way forward...I am asking Party members to [reshape] our position on Brexit at conference. We are long past a need to Remain. Let’s make the case to Advance” - @SophieRunning 
#Brexit could mean professional qualifications no longer being recognised between UK and the EU. That's bad news for the NHS. 
Fantastic news that People's Vote are working to get Labour to change their stance on Brexit.If they did, would you support Labour in the next General Election to overturn Brexit?#JC4PM #FPBE 
Rees-Mogg and the ERG couldn't care less if a hard #Brexit restarts the Troubles in Northern Ireland, or if a no-deal brings massive suffering to millions of Britons. They want a tax haven Britain and as far as they are concerned everyone else can get screwed.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Right wingers in Labour, get your actual policies* out for the lads or fuck the fuck off.  *and "waah!! Why doesnt Corbyn use magic to stop Brexit  !!" doesn't count as a policy. 
The brilliant @KateAndrs: even pro-protectionism Donald Trump recognises the mutually beneficial opportunity that lies ahead after Brexit – so much so that he publicly compelled the Prime Minister to ensure her Chequers proposal makes a US-UK deal possible  
The only holiday I want from you @UKLabour  is a day to celebrate stopping #Brexit - so get on with it. #PeoplesVote 
The state of @BorisJohnson shows us why it is crucial to chuck Brexit  
British PM Theresa May and the German chancellor Angela Merkel visiting Nigeria, this week Migration, trade and security will be the major areas for discussion by both leaders Post Brexit trade is a major issue for May,. While Merkel is concern about irregular migration 
Brexitears are trying to get organised now that they've realised brexit is failing. So make sure you:- write to your MP, - follow #FBPE and RT pro EU messages, - donate to pro EU causes and court cases against brexit, - engage with people - and be #EUloudandproud 
#Brexit will strip millions of British of their #EU citizenship. Many are proud Europeans who wish to keep this status and associated rights. Please support this initiative calling on @EU_Commission to explore ways to establish permanent EU citizenship  
Vote Leave broke the Law. Brexit was based on cheating. Why are we even talking about No Deal Brexit. 
Just join the majority of the Labour Party Keir, calling for it to be stopped.  You will be on the right side of history.It isn't possible to appease fascists - No Deal #brexit is whatthey want & will eventually get.#Stopbrexit #FBPE 
£100m that could be spent on public services rather than creating a new version of what we already have - madness. Why enter a race with our neighbours?’Funding secured' for Galileo satellite alternative as government readies post-Brexit space race with EU  
Boris Johnson warns Theresa May’s soft Brexit risks turning Britain’s economy into Greece’s 
It's not too late - we can exit from Brexit.If you think the people should have the last word on the Brexit deal, and given the option to stay in the EU if a majority of people think it's right for the country, add your name:  
We, Remainers, are STILL being hounded by pro-Brexit trolls. PLEASE WILL THE EU ACT ON IT?With such a narrow “win” it is perfectly reasonable to suspect that Brexit was “won” by the spreading of anti-EU propaganda and misinformation.IT IS A HUGE THREAT TO DEMOCRACY & THE EU 
I will tell you what is better than a Bank Holiday.  Stopping Brexit. Tell your leaders please, 
Boris Johnson: Crucial to chuck ChequersGreece is an #EU country & meekly obeyed prescriptions of Brussels.Greeks were forced to accept an austerity regime of draconian budget cuts that became a self‑perpetuating downwards cycle of economic decay#Brexit 
Notice @Tony_Robinson attacks @jeremycorbyn rather than Keir Starmer, despite both singing from the same hymn sheet. Labour's position on Brexit is clear: support the referendum result but retain the option to oppose Brexit if it fails 6 key tests. It's not turnip science.  
The €uro ensures a Member State can't control its own fiscal policy leaving them powerless to respond independently to a financial crises and therefore ultimately indebted the EU.This isn't any ordinary trading bloc, this is political madness.#Brexit  
Chris seriously it was more to do with Ukippers & BREXIT It started when they kept popping up on Question Time & it was noted they all had angry red faces. Its honestly nothing to do with antisemitism, more to do with certain type of rightist grumpy old men. Now don't be a Gammon 
#Brexit: A European Parliament study recommends a "bespoke legal agreement" for future data flows between the UK and the EU. Adequacy is not enough. #EUdataP  
As we enjoy this holiday, let us take a moment to ponder the many benefits Brexit will bring... 
Good move by @atiku campaign to have this piece in UK media on eve of Theresa May's visit to Nigeria. Makes him appear to be taking initiative in trying to envision a good post-Brexit deal for Nigeria/Africa. Up to @MBuhari to show he has some ideas too. 
Woman on Fake of Fortune who spent £165,000 on a painting says - after being told by a William Nicholson expert that it’s definitely not a William Nicholson - that she still believes it’s a William Nicholson. Brexit in action. 
Never forget. This man asked people to vote on #Brexit. Without defining what Brexit meant. Without carrying out any projections of consequences. All in an (unsuccessful) attempt to settle an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all his mates and f***ed off into the sunset.  
D Davis urges us to ‘start planning for the real opportunities that this great country can grasp when it sets its mind to it’.This is the last refuge of these scoundrels. No answers to valid questions about disastrous harm of #Brexit, just empty rhetoric  
A ‘no deal’ Brexit would hugely damage the UK. The govt’s so called ‘preparations’ barely scratch the surface. We need to challenge the reckless rhetoric of a ‘no deal’ Brexit every step for the way.  
If Labour are supposed 2B helpless in Opposition re stopping #Brexit because they aren't in Govt, as many Corbynites state in defence of their semi complicit policy; there really is no point putting them in Govt. I wouldn't employ someone with a track record like that.#FinalSay 
Eisenhower: Overthrew the Iranian govt in favor of the Shah. Built the interstate highway system as a big gimme to the oil, automotive, and real estate industries. Started the US down the path for the Vietnam War, told pres Diem to cancel the agreed upon unification referendum. 
History has shown that when people come together with good purpose, that everything can change. So it is with #Brexit. Keep on fighting for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and for us to be an open and tolerant nation again. 
We voted OUT, just in case you haven't noticed, Femi. And we haven't change our mind about Leaving. Time you accept the result and help to implement the result of the Referendum. #StandUp4Brexit#respectDemocracy 
RT & follow @UKEUchallenge,  latest judicial review challenge bringing together the result of the @A50Challenge (finding the PM made the decision to leave the EU) with the illegality of the referendum upon which she made that decision. Counsel team incl. @JMPSimor & @AdamWagner1 
Brexit was engineered by the super rich so they could retain their tax havensThey funded an illegal leave campaign with dark money funded through RussiaThe new tax avoidance laws were due to be impemented in UK tax year April 2019March 29 was carefully chosen #StopBrexit 
It will reach a new equilibrium, but no-one can predict where. This is what makes Brexit a cargo cult. Burn what we have in the belief that things are going to get better. But every recommendation for making things better is something the Government could have done in the EU. 
READ: No-deal Brexit thrusts UK into 'legal vacuum', warns Labour“Ministers should get on with the job of negotiating the best possible deal, rather than desperately trying to convince people they are prepared for a no deal scenario,” @Keir_Starmer 
Brits in Berlin and their friends! @BritsinGermany are holding an information evening on "citizenship and anything Brexit" this Friday from 19:00. Details here:  
Labour could not ignore its Leavers. But as those Leavers change their minds, so too must Labour. Voters don’t want Brexit anymore. It’s extremely positive that Starmer is keeping people’s vote on the table. It’s our job to persuade him & his colleagues why they should embrace it  
I would happily trade the House of Lords for a people’s vote to stop Brexit. Real democracy in that exchange  
Most of Gladstone's criticism would be aimed at Brexit. Why a 19th-century British prime minister matters now more than ever #OpenFuture 
More scaremongering from Kier Starmer. There is no legal vaccum if we no deal Brexit as the EU Withdrawal Bill transfers all EU law into UK law so if we quit in Mar 19 those laws still apply until the UK either reforms or repeals them. There is no vacuum..  
Because of Brexit crisis, media & MPs missing fact that Hammond driving austerity forward as relentlessly as Osborne. Local authorities under cuts; recent ‘social housing’ paper a joke because Hammond vetoed more funding. Meanwhile, Parliament starts its 6th week on holiday 
BoJo warns PM’s soft Brexit risks making Britain's economy like Greece's  
BBC Breakfast on its anti Brexit soap box. Looking at EU money that they say Wales will lose. Don’t point out it is just our money coming back and the Gov will have it available to spend as they choose. 
MEP says Theresa May is begging for a brexit deal. Of course she is, May never believed in Brexit & wants any deal to stop a real Brexit happening..  
The cost of duplicating the things we now do jointly far outweighs any claimed savings from #brexit.  
Revealed: the People’s Vote’s three-point plan to trigger a second referendum  
Boris Johnson warns Theresa May’s soft Brexit risks turning Britain’s economy into Greece’s  
I despair, there is now a mountain of evidence that Brexit will seriously damage our country. I know some MPs feel they have a duty to abide by the referendum and their party bosses, but don’t they also have a duty to be truthful to the British people? 
EXCLUSIVE: EU's "trade deals in place" miss 92% of the world economy. Pt 2 of our #Brexit report today show how EU's woeful record on international trade deals damages UK interests:  
If the Conservative party is concerned by reports from local associations of a surge in members, caused by so-called “Blue Momentum”, there’s a simple solution...Return to the Brexit promised at Lancaster house & in the party’s manifesto#StandUp4Brexit 
Theresa May heads to South Africa to eye up post-Brexit trade deal: Why? Most African countries already enjoy duty-free and quota-free access to the EU market. This is either thanks to the Economic Partnership Agreements or the Everything-But-Arms scheme.  
“No EU Trade Deals In Place With Top 10 World Economies” – A Brexit Facts4EU report on EU’s claims about its trade deals.  Read it and weep:  
Big BIG day today @BylineFest - Loads of superb talks etc but especially the first time the cold hard truths & facts about Brexit will be exposed together by @JasonJHunter @EveryCountry @EmporersNewC @Femi_Sorry @mikegalsworthy @albawhitewolf  myself & possibly a rocket scientist 
No-deal Brexit thrusts UK into 'legal vacuum', warns Keir Starmer  
Scotland has no control over corporation tax or VAT and while it has some new powers over income tax – thanks to the 2014 independence referendum – 90% remain under the control of Westminster.  
Just gave my name as "We don't need a second referendum" in Starbucks. As the (Remain) barrista screamed out my name repeatedly AC Grayling, who was at the counter, produced all the froth required  for over 30 cappuccinos and the whole place erupted in to applause. Result. #FBPE 
Yeah, it's that. The fundamental problem w/ Brexit remains that referendum was called w/ no idea what Brexit would entail. That grossly negligent error has undermined everything since. It guaranteed failure. "Fail to plan, plan to fail" is a truism basically everybody accepts. 
Let’s look to the North for Brexit bravery ⁦@JakeBerry⁩ 
Friends! That's nothing!When I gave my name in my local Costas as "Smash Fascist Brexit And Stop the LIES of the Far Right, e.g. Kate Hoey", the whole place - literally - erupted in flames, aided by one of Our Terrorists who helpfully doused it in petrol!Talk about a result!  
‘Washington has teamed up with Brazil, Argentina, Canada, NZ, Uruguay and Thailand to reject Britain’s proposed import arrangements for crucial agricultural goods such as meat, sugar and grains after Brexit’This is the weakness of trading on WTO rules 
Theresa May heads to South Africa to eye up post-Brexit trade deal  
Dominic Lawson correctly points out that #Brexit is being led by Remainers.We have a PM who doesn't believe in Brexit, we need a full-on Brexit Tory leadership challenge, not another general election.  
Reason 318: Why Brexit screws the UKProducts made legally in the UK are automatically legal in 30 other countries across Europe. That makes us an attractive place to set up businesses, as a way into the larger European Market. #MondayMotivation 
If not all whites aren’t racist, than why didn’t we see a “ white “ party being formed so they could fight against NP racial laws towards native South Africans?? Why didn’t any white movement came into life and tried to fight apartheid?? They could’ve done a referendum tbh. 
That's one hour with no recognition of existing trade agreements with South Africa, Kenya and Nigeria, and no questioning of government hopes to be able to reproduce them after Brexit.#r4today #800000gone @bbcr4today 
Official - Brexit is shit! @LibDems  
Here’s sleekit Theresa May havering on aboot stockpiling scran and medicine as she tries tae reassure us aboot Brexit. Just take a look at her mannerisms. She’s workin' solid just tae stay afloat here, but everything aboot her screams panic mode setting. 
Monday briefing: No-deal Brexit would create 'legal vacuum', warns Labour  
If you were listening to #r4today at 630 and were intrigued about what else I might have said about the People’s Vote memo on #Brexit (or if you were sensibly still in bed on a bank holiday) here it is:  
Labour's @BarryGardiner on the danger of another referendum  
Thank goodness for Hezza: Michael Heseltine backs The Independent campaign for a fresh EU referendum  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May will today depart for her first trip to the African continent since becoming PM.She will travel to South Africa, Nigeria & Kenya and will be holding discussions with Presidents Ramaphosa, Buhari and Kenyatta re: post-Brexit trade' 
There’s a world of difference between Brexit and Scottish independence.   
Brexit is sentencing the UK's financial services industry to a long slow death  via @bopinion 
No it doesn't.  Firstly you need to get permission from the proper government,  secondly brexit will work out ok and you'll be in no mans land. Finally I think you'll find that you are still in the minority and will lose overall control next election time.  
What frustrates me the most about Brexit, is we are about to lose a really good deal. Our current one. If we leave  and then re-join it won't be on the same terms. It's so stupid. #StopBrexitSaveBritain before its too late. 
“Murdoch made Brexit possible..Murdoch's Fox News..enabled..Trump party to stage a hostile takeover..In Australia as in America, Murdoch..support of tax cuts 4 the wealthy (is) killing action on climate change & destroying.. multiculturalism”@MrKRudd @smh 
British PM Theresa May is set to visit South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya in a post-Brexit trade push  
“The People's Vote campaign, which wants a new referendum on Brexit, is attempting to change Labour Party policy, according to a leaked memo” This is a ridiculous non-story. We are openly campaigning for a #peoplesvote and a change in Labour policy!  
"The truth is that a no-deal Brexit is the worst option, but other forms of Brexit are damaging in their own way. The only sensible option is to remain in the EU that the predecessors of Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn fought so hard to join."  
BremainInSpain chair @Suewilson91 says that she was “not politically motivated” until the referendum. It then took her 3 weeks “to come to terms with the result of the vote” & decide she “had to do something”.(& she hasn't stopped since)#UKEUchallenge 
Conservative Traditional ValuesBrexitSupport for MilitaryMake Britain Great AgainTheresa May Must GoBuy British, Support UK JobsRetweet and Followback. Grow the base 
I'm pleased to announce the 2018 Ngunnawal Lecture will be delivered by Mick Gooda - "Racism today: Addressing race power and a constitutional referendum" 5 September 2018, 6pm!   @IndigenousX @UniCanberra @OnTopicAus @croakeyblog #Indigenous #weareuc 
'More Brexit-influenced austerity will add to public debt, and hurt British exporters. It’s time the government understood that'  
They are fighting for their survival, when we leave they really are up shit creek without a paddle. The whole shithouse will come tumbling down, others will surely follow especially if trade is disrupted.Roll on full hard #Brexit 
Britain lives a double life. There's the country it pretends to be and then there's the country that it actually is. It expends an enormous amount of energy pretending to be something that it isn't. It's exhausting.#Brexit  
Brexit Explained  
No-deal announcements show level of (in)competence within  govt on Brexit matters.  We now know if you eat, use bank cards or need medicines you will be at risk from no deal.  No prep has been done for the possibility. Negotiating position weakened.  
Russell appears to be going beyond what Sturgeon has been saying as all she has confirmed is she'll give her decision on IndyRef2 in the Autumn assuming the Brexit deal is sufficiently clear then. His idea that Westminster wouldn't block it may also be well off the mark. 
It feels like this weekend was a referendum, without a vote - the same feeling of change, something shifted in society as after the last 2 results were announced. No partying but this is not going away.#PopeInIreland #Stand4Truth 
At the next election the main choices are a terrorist-sympathising illiterate, and a PM whose sole remit appears to be connivance with express enemies of the #British people. Pls vote wisely. #Brexit  #StandUp4Brexit @Conservatives @ConHome #BBC #SKY #LBC 
Forget Westminster, new referendum inevitable says Mike Russell. @cultfree54 @2351onthelist @AgentP22 @JohnLeoNo1087 @ukunionvoice @Ian_Burnett_ @edglasgow59 @lass_ayrshire @athomsonkinross @Del_ivered @Maureen6Johnson @BRRSC @mik61scot 
Maybe I'm just tired but I'm lying here appreciating the sheer fucking hilarity of decades of propaganda being pumped through state education systems only to produce Trump, Brexit, Orban, Salvini and an army of fascist neets terrorizing journalism graduates with their phones. 
UK public should have final say on #Brexit detaild: Expert  
Could not sleep. Got up looked at twitter and have now came to the unfortunate conclusion we are heading to hell on a handcart. #Brexit and all aided by the papers owned by the estabishment. We the "people" let them eat turnips and we all moan on here but no-one does anything? 
Britain could face a sperm shortage in the event of a "no-deal" Brexit  
Colombia anti-corruption referendum fails to meet quorum  
Brexit: the rise of the "ultra" superbrains - ultras have no end of supporters endowed with towering intellects which enable them instantly to identify harm from a no deal Brexit as "silly scaremongering", telling us we've all got it wrong...  #Brexinfo . 
Brexit: Planes to be grounded if UK crashes out of EU without one-off air deal, Theresa May told - The Independent  
@VesperUK   Just watch - "brexit" is a very major financial crime , a modern day version of the South Sea Bubble 
Ah but according to #brexit jihadis @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and @DavidDavisMP it will all be absolutely fine in 50 years or 15 years respectively #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Stopping Brexit will bankrupt Rees-Mogg.Somerset Capital openly advertise making financial gain from Sterling depreciation, which JRM is helping to bring about.Mogg is also in breach of the MP's Code of Conduct.I'll let that good news sink with you... 
Mogg and his associates/clients have placed huge financial bets on "brexit" including it's specific timing. They could well go bankrupt when "brexit" is stopped - hence Mogg's increasingly desperate stance now 
Pay for it by stopping brexit 
Charles, it wasn't that long ago you were arguing the EU should be paying us. You have been so outrageously wrong that I honestly don't know how you have the nerve to speak to anyone. You'll have to excuse me if I don't take you seriously. 
Colombian anti-corruption referendum fails to meet quorum  
What Brexit do you want? Me I want no Brexit/Remain #Skypapers please RT for a big sample 
Colombians voted Sunday in a referendum on hardening punishments for corrupt officials and business figures, after the congress proved reluctant to implement stricter anti-graft measures  
After the harvest.The crop is stored to feed the animals over winter that will be sold to the EU as meat from the UK next year.That is how British farming works.#Brexit will destroy British farming.Demand a #PeoplesVote to save British farming and our economy. 
BREAKING: our proposals for free movement, trade and foreign policy cooperation between #Canada, #Australia, #NewZealand and the #UK have been adopted as official @CPC_HQ party policy.#CANZUK #cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #ukpolitics #Brexit 
What I live about the tweeps I know on twitter is they’re REAL. People prepared to discuss, debate and dig deep to fight for what they believe in. Honesty and integrity still matter on social media. We must not let the trolls, bots and fake accounts take our voice. #brexit 
Cracking thread here on how U.K. decision to not police NI border after #brexit might be WTO breach... but in practice? Meh.  
What a lovely way to put it. Kick it back to the dream world of Brexit fantasists.  
Petition: If no agreement on the Ireland Border can be reached, Brexit must be abandoned.  
Imagine campaigning across the country, lying to millions of people about how you’re going to make Brexit happen only to spend the last year of your life fighting to keep Brussels happy and hurting those British People you pretended to care about @theresa_may 
Wurds are important. But for a custard-flavoured jobby, wurds are affy confusing. Here he is blethering whit he thinks aboot Brexit. He’s like one o' they battery operated toy dolls that can blether tae ye wi' a set of pre programmed random messages. 
3) as much as me or yourself hate the outcome no political party can reverse it and hope to stay in power.4) Labour, to defeat brexit would need to have a majority.Brexit is Tory owned 100% it is they you all need to fight. 
Rees Mogg's suggestion that Border checks be restored between Northern Ireland & Eire post Brexit demonstrate 2 factsHe has no understanding of the scourge of the troublesHe has no understanding of how the Good Friday Agreement improved the lives of the Northern Irish Community  
Tony, why target Jeremy? Again I keep asking the question and not one person can give me a reasonable answer. How can Labour stop brexit? Surely to god, someone who has the #FBPE in their handle can answer the question? To save time I will list the facts: 
What Fox isn't telling you. That the deal was made by the EU and when the UK leaves the EU on the 29/03/2019 at a 11pm that deal dies with ever other deal that we have with the EU. Yet again the Tories are lying to the Public. Brexit is going to be a disaster...  
What!  I don't care what sort of Brexit deal it is I still want independence.   In fact I want independence whether the UK Brexits or remains.  The way Westminster has treated Scotland since the EURef has been utterly atrocious. 
Magna Carta 800 Years Of protection for the people 
"I feel like I'm losing big chunks of my children's childhood in this fight against #Brexit"That's what a 30-something mother told me on Friday.She added that she will carry on fighting because she will not sacrifice her children's future to Brexit.#PeoplesVote 
This is crazy stuff. The referendum was included in the Tory manifesto & passed by Parliament after long debate. Remain, including HMG, massively outspent Leave. Polls showed a large Out vote for decades. It won because people wanted the UK to be a self-governing democracy again.  
I want to go on-record: so-called "no deal Brexit" is unthinkable, but possible. It would quickly create conditions in the UK unknown outside the third world, with no apparent remedy. 
There are half a million Irish voters who had a vote in the UK’s referendum.That’s a historic right which should be cancelled now that Ireland has chosen a future as an EU province.Much fairer to the British people if we weren’t subject to a foreign democratic insurgency. 
And lest we forget private pension schemes in the UK won't be able to be paid to ex-pats outside the UK with no-deal Brexit. ..   retired abroad?   Whoopsie!  
The Office for Budget Responsibility’s Brexit forecasts haven’t been right yet... why should we believe anything will change?#StandUp4Brexit 
No-deal Brexit thrusts UK into 'legal vacuum', warns Starmer. Not to mention no food, medicines ... Spoken like a lawyer.  
JC campaigned to remain ffs  I dont care what you think. He is walking a tight rope and has tried to block the gov on Brexit votes except lab arent in power and some snides in the party vote with the gov. He is a euroscpetic because its corrupt as it is and needs change. 
If people think festival toilets and the stench of shit lining the motorways is the worst a no deal Brexit will bring, I have bad news... 
It's so ironic that the only European country that has voted no longer to be part of Europe, has the strongest pro-European movement in the whole continent.Give yourselves a pat on the back #FBPETogether we will stop #brexit, save the UK and get a #PeoplesVote #YouRock#pmht 
At its next Brexit crisis meeting the cabinet must take on board that the Chequers Plan has failed. So what will be the alternative? More concessions would surely lead to more resignations. So? Canada plus or no deal? With or without May? The crunch is coming for poor Tory MPs. 
Second Scottish independence referendum will be held, predicts former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont  
Theresa May heads to South Africa to eye up post-Brexit trade deal  
The real cause of Trump-Brexit disaffection is not too much change, but too little. We need to radically reduce the restrictive effect of precautionary regulation and promote a new regulatory culture based on permissionless innovation.  
If Mr Mogg can prove he cares about the people by giving away 98% of his family fortune now to homeless charities, and all of his profits from Somerset Capital Management resulting from Brexit, then I will personally hand polish his scrotum every day for a year.  
Andrew, leaving the EU means upending our involvement as we have known it in EU projects. A lot of that money found its way into the UK space industry anyway. One of the many reasons I never wanted Brexit to happen in the first place.  
Only allowed to be published because they thought it was a foregone conclusion, then along came Brexit and Trump.  
Quite. Even the Guardian are sobering up over Brexit. It’s a good read for once.  
Awesome to have BC Liberal Leader Andrew Wilkinson join me in my riding today doorknocking and speaking with constituents on important issues such as the upcoming referendum on PR. Thanks for coming @Wilkinson4BC! @BCLiberalCaucus 
just for those arguing "he can do nothing" the Tories dun it!The Tories brought us AusterityThe Tories brought us the smashing up of the NHS The Tories brought us #brexit How come it is OK by you to fight 2 of these, then for the 3rd - say "nowt to do with us guv - sorry" 
I used to take a lot of notice of Andrew Neil until he got caught in the Brexit miasma. I thought he was fantastic. Now I don't trust a word he says. Whereas integrity shines through O'Brien's contributions. 
If you want to know some of what what we were up against during #IndyRef then go watch #LondonCalling. It hasn’t stopped and will continue. The biggest threat to the UK isn’t #Brexit it’s Scottish Independence.  
I'd forgive this from someone who fought in WWII, but not a brat like you, hanging onto the coat tails of better, braver men & women to peddle your treacherous Brexit. The world's changed. Nations are forming economic alliances.We're in the best of them. You want to destroy that. 
Internal Tory party power struggles again being fought over #Brexitand at expense of Irish peace process!#Wreckers 
These words are definitive. They cannot be misunderstood or interpreted in any other way.@jeremycorbyn gave his word that members would decide Labour Party Policy.No issue is more important than Brexit. No test is greater of the promise that was made. It will define Jeremy.  
I was voting for Indy long before Brexit came along. I will again for the same reasons. Self-Determination and democracy. The rest is distraction.  
It pains me to see hard-won & mostly deserved journalistic reputations dashed to pieces on the rocks of Brexit. But the British media offers a lot more room & a lot more rewards to people like Andrew than it does to people like me. And now is a time to stand up & be counted.  
3/ ALL the UKs legal arrangements with the EU cease and terminate at 11:01pm on the Friday night.I cannot see any way for the EU to help give the UK a way out of Brexit without saying what they've already said "we are not setting out to punish the UK because Brexit is ..." 
Hey. I'm going to start saying this between now and the anti-Brexit march in October: If you're going to the demo PLEASE think about taking a union jack, rather than an EU flag. It's important to get the idea that this is about the UK across, I feel. Just a thought. Up to you. 
Exciting times ahead for the  relationship post-Brexit: “my own country, I’m glad to say, is, at last, regaining its sovereignty, its independence, its right to hire and fire the people that pass its laws!” says @DanielJHannan at @CPC_HQ conference 
The Kremlin promotes on social media what they think will destroy a Country the most in a sophisticated form of Information Warfare. In Europe they promote anti-vaz to kill kids. In UK it was Brexit to hurt economy. Here it was Trump. 
That will cost more than EU Membership fee - the benefit of the EU is that we all pay for expensive  big projects and we all benefit for fraction of the cost!Brexit satellite row hots up as  May orders rival to EU's Galileo system  via @PoliticsHome 
When we are all poorer, the multinationals won’t be immune. First to go will be Sky subscriptions, expensive phone contracts, new cars, dinners out, the list goes on, all of this will result in job losses and a further weakening of the economy. Thanks again Brexit! 
Illiberal? Antidemocratic?Smug and elitistOut of touch with 95% of Britons?An utter irrelevance?Congratulations @thatginamiller you are the perfect person to lead the Liberal Democrats!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Murdoch does not run a media organisation but operates a political party to advance his own commercial interests and his far-right ideological world view. First Brexit, then Trump, now Morrison. Aus needs to expunge this creeping cancer #auspol 
Addressing concerns about #immigration has bugger all to do with #Brexit:  (via @InFactsOrg) 
I wonder if @PhilipHammondUK realises that the referendum is over & #Leave won. He needs to stop with his ridiculous scaremongering & either get on with the job he's been given or resign. Simple! #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitWTO 
Remainers are now using the WTO’s statement that a hard Brexit wouldn’t be “the end of the world” as a campaign talking point. They think we thought this would be a cakewalk? No, we didn’t. Revolutions never are. But possible! Thanks for spreading this message, @michaelwhite! 
Tomorrow's front page: 'Arrogant' Tories will push Scotland towards independence if they fail to strike a Brexit deal  
CHEQUERS DEAL MEANS WE HAVE TO ACCEPT FREE MOVEMENT, not on your nelly @Theresa_May and you pledged to bring down immigration!  IT'S 270,000 - unsustainable.  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson   #Brexit 
Brexit is impossible.... that's becoming obvious to everyone now... #FBPE 
“Empowering the North means the whole UK succeeds.Northerners are brave about Brexit. We can all learn from their optimism and spirit of resilience” @JakeBerry#StandUp4Brexit 
Dear @BritishHorse you must know your story “Grand National 'could be hit by no deal Brexit” is horseshit. Currently a tripartite agreement opts out of EU regs & is governed by chief vet. officers in UK/France/Ireland. Why would that change?!  #ProjectFear2 
Colombians vote on anti-corruption measures in Sunday referendum  
Brexit should have remained a hard right fantasy piece in the pages of the Daily Telegraph. It was never designed or intended for real life. 
Behind the scenes on Brexit referendum night, a small group of people had a secret - and billions of pounds were at stake  
Brexit is full of stupidity wherever you turn. But one of the more moronic issues is the deal we have with the EU is better than any other country.We are quite literally throwing away the best trade deal we would or could ever have.LEAVER MUPPETS  
Sir, you are a gentlemen and a scholar and I must say that brexit has been thoroughly OWNED! XD  
Just got my home insurance renewal and apparently it’s underwritten by a company in Malta. So, will I still have valid home insurance after March if I renew? #Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg, the man the pro-Brexit camp wants to replace Theresa May as PM, showing once again what a complete and utter Tory nonce he is.Yes, I'm sure the Irish people will be ecstatic to hear Brexit means life will begin to resemble The Troubles once more.  
A reality check for the Guardian's more excitable Remainer columnists from the paper's own Economics Editor - a measured and level-headed analysis (headline aside) of where Brexit is and why most people are justifiably not overly concerned about it  
My fears about brexit were confirmed by Boris Johnson’s ashen, stunned expression when the referendum result was confirmed.  He looked like he only ever intended to stir things up, not to win.   
And with me tonight @Anna_Soubry former business minister under David Cameron, now a back bencher campaigning against  almost any form of #Brexit  
Time for our Party to up its #Brexit game and give Bannon, Farage, Boris and Rees-Mogg a bloody nose!   
Only a brexiteer will deliver a clean break from the EU & make Brexit a reality. Remainers should not be in key government appointments because like May they will keep trying to sabotage Brexit & side with the EU against us. Time for patriot brexiteers to be in power..  
Corbyn must not silence Labour voters on Brexit  
"Brexit means Brexit" advocate annoyed that Brexit appears to mean BrexitThe UK pushed for the "3rd country exclusion" Galileo agreements that #Brexit will make it subject to as we make ourselves, you guessed it, a 3rd country  
So if you have any doubt in your mind that fighting the mess of Brexit is worth it, just remember that it's being steered by a man who considers it an acceptable sacrifice, to rip up the Good Friday Agreement that put an end to decades of terrorism & bloodshed on British streets. 
I joined the @LibDems on the morning of the Referendum result.  Two years on and it’s more evident than ever that the two main parties are not capable of leading this country. #PeoplesVote 
Poll Would You vote for Scottish Independence in a ‘no deal Brexit’ scenario ?    @STVNews 
“The trend line is clear. There’s never been a better time to start a company & raise early stage VC in Europe... London is still the best place... (Its) ecosystem continues to outpace other Euro cities even in light of Brexit”  by @Sam__Cash via @seikatsu 
I get asked why I knew from the start Brexit would be a disaster. I say it’s because I’d worked with the crap journalists who dreamt it up. 
What political party is best suited to sort out Brexit? 
Andrew.  In the interests of decent journalism, you might want to check the terms that WE sought for the Galileo Project that will result in our now exclusion.As with other projects like Euratom.That’s what comes of embarking on the Brexit project without 1st scoping it 
I dedicate my #brexit poem to the #PermanentEUCitizenship Twitterstorm! (written entirely by using auto-complete searches on Google) Please sign and share the initiative to protect our EU rights! @EUCitizen2017 @guyverhofstadt 
2/ The referendum was won by breaking the law, there is no democratic mandate, it wasn't the single largest democratic vote in Britain because a democratic vote relies on free & fair elections. Brexit was anything but. 
Think nobody cares about PR? Or that we've already had a referendum on it? Check out our *mythbusting* page to get the facts!#MakeVotesMatter 
At present I load my work Wednesday pm unload Thursday am Paris and back home pm Thursday-no customs / paperwork etc-post brexit id have to leave on Monday/ Tuesday for delivery Thursday and home Saturday-if I can leave the uk ! JIT transport will die in the UK-You heard it here! 
In a month #Lab18 will be underway in Liverpool. It represents the single best opportunity to change #Labour policy on #Brexit and for the party to back a #PeoplesVote.Help our grassroots campaign make it happen. Please support & share our crowdfunder  
Just  a reminder!BBC News - Sir Vince Cable 'made mistake' in missing Brexit vote  
Help ma boab! After knocking  back a couple of large bevvies oan Friday nicht, I plucked up the courage and crept ontae Twitter tae set up a new account to haver aboot Brexit.I noo hae 10,000 followers in jist two days. Dear Twitterers, I raise my glass tae ye. I am humbled.  
At Labour Conference, delegates must have the opportunity to vote for motions calling for a People’s Vote on the Brexit deal. We'll be raising our flags and marching for the Many on 23rd September. Join us.#PeoplesVote 
For 266 years the United Kingdom existed as a sovereign nation state. For 45 years the United Kingdom has been a member of the European Union.The United Kingdom was a darn sight more successful as a sovereign nation state than as a member of the EU.Roll on #Brexit! 
People are also used to the idea that 'everything sorts itself out'.They think Brexit is just another negotiation, that will come good at the last minute.They don't realise that this is unprecedented and that no-one in power knows what to do.This is a huge, historic crisis. 
Thing is, most people don't even follow current affairs.Fewer still follow politics.Most are more at home with Love Island, or football, or Bake Off.OF COURSE the Brexit terror isn't biting yet. The nation is anaesthetised by its own complacency.But the pain is coming. 
Members didn't get to vote on Labour Party Brexit policy at last years Conference.For us, it would be unthinkable if that happened again. Support our Contemporary Motion in your CLP to take the unthinkable "off the table"   
The ONLY reason that more people haven't switched from Leave to Remain is that people on power are still pushing the lie that Brexit could be good for the UK. That includes Corbyn. He should either sell a specific new relationship or admit that all Brexits will be bad for us. 
Question 4 asked how important it was for Labour to have a meaningful debate and vote at conference about our position on Brexit. An overwhelming 81% of respondents said that this is “very important”, with only one in ten choosing “not important”.  
Hysterical gaslighting from Kate Hoey, who claims that during or after the EUref campaign “millions” of Leave voters attended “huge rallies” in favour of Brexit. Except that’s not true, is it Kate? It simply never happened. #LeaveLiars (ht @smitajamdar) 
Democracy is based not just on votes, but on the right to oppose, the right to be well-informed, and the rule of law. #Brexit politicians & press have cynically undermined all three rights. Brexit has been built out of a massive abuse of democracy.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Thank you to all 2746 people who took part in my survey on Brexit and the Democracy Review.  As a member of the NEC I have always welcomed input from members, even where we disagree, and I do my best to respond to everyone. 
This Raab C Brexit phenomenon is absolutely awesome. @BrexitRaab has been active for just two days and he’s already stacked up almost 10,000 followers. It’s easy to see why - it’s bloody funny and it hits the nail right on the head over the absurdity of Brexit. 
Probably because the Brexit FTA that they are negotiating with Turkey includes immigration whereas the existing whereas the existing EU deal we benefit from does not. Brexit is for mugs.  
The Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg,A would-be right-wing demagogue,Declares predilectionsFor border inspectionsThat leave most observers agog.#JacobReesMogg#Brexit#BrexitMadness#Ireland 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery This isn't a harmless buffoon. He is one of the most dangerous men in the country. He is willing to see war in Northern Ireland for his currency big short where he collapses Sterling. Its called Brexit. He is a psychopath.  
No-deal Brexit will be blocked by at least 40 Tory MPs, former Conservative minister Nick Boles says, reports The Independent.17.4 million British people DID NOT VOTE FOR A DEAL. They voted to LEAVE THE EUROPEAN UNION. 
Irish foreign minister says no-deal Brexit 'very, very unlikely'  
Two thirds of the voters ⁦@UKLabour⁩ needs to win in a general election want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.We need a new vote to protect jobs, public services and worker protections - and to get the radical Labour government the country needs. 
Welcome to post brexit Britain : the land of ambitious trade deals : and having to urinate in a plastic box at the side of the motorway  
BREXIT BOO-BOYS Brexiteers threaten to boo and ‘slow handclap’ Theresa May at Tory conference in protest at her EU negotiations  
"Let us renew the Commonwealth by going for a Commonwealth freetrade agreement between all its members." The front-runner for the Nigerian presidency, @atiku, is hugely optimistic about Brexit.  
Pretty sure the whole 'no deal' thing is a PR scam, cooked up to keep the Brexit Taliban's tails wagging. Another enormous waste of money, time & energy to placate about 60 idiots in Parliament. 
Galileo: Funding pledge for UK rival to EU sat-nav system - A ridiculous waste of money! Brexit is costing us dear, not just financial.  
.@Andrew_Adonis: I really want to work with you against #Brexit, but your untrue, preposterous - and now completely irrelevant - argument that @LibDems ‘chose’ Tory coalition in 2010 are seriously unhelpful in that objective. 
Securing the same terms as the EU in post-Brexit trade deals may prove difficult  
Questioning the legitimacy of a democratic referendum only highlight disdain for differing opinions. The fact Remain spent far more than Leave, used taxpayer pamphlets & the govnt arm & foriegn dignitary to forecast fear to strengthen their case & makes their claims ridiculous. 
Good summary of Britain's daft plan to spend billions building a Galileo clone in a fit of Brexit pique 
Office for Budget Responsibility made its first post-Brexit vote forecasts in Nov 2016.It said deficit would £68.2bn in 2016-17. It was £46bn.Forecast £59bn in 2017-18. It was £39bn.Said 2018/19 deficit would be £46bn. Likely to be closer to £30bn.Pretty big margins of error 
Patrick Blower on Theresa May ordering a space race after Brexit with sat-nav system to rival EU's Galileo – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Company I work for has has stopped getting its steel fabrications made in Romania. They are getting them made in UK now, they cost a bit more but the quality is far higher. These are filled with hi tech equipment and exported all over the world. Preparing for Brexit. 
No - I’m saying that several hundred years of animosity and gripes takes more than a 20 years to dissipate. People do silly things based on silly prejudices (Brexit case in point) and things escalate. You can observe this all over the world. 
Public opinion, particularly among @UKLabour voters, is swinging against Brexit. As Momentum looks likely to ballot its members’ views, and trade unions are doing the same, it’s also evident that the Left is moving against a Brexit that would harm jobs and workers.  
Agree there are 2 types.Those who want to leave the EU and understand the issues involved.FBPE bullshitters who have gone from, "Parliamentary vote", leaving confirmed, to "illegal referendum " just been fined themselves, to "People's vote" aka 2nd ref.Soros backed shills  
'More Brexit-influenced austerity will add to public debt, and hurt British exporters. It’s time the government understood that'  
In the event there is civil unrest I will be seeking refuge for myself and my family at the residence of my MP, the Rt Hon Margaret Beckett. I would encourage you all to do the same with your own MP as they will be undoubtedly the best prepared for Brexit. 
I am proud that Jeremy Corbyn will not betray the trust of leave voters who were promised the EU referendum was a once in a generation referendum that would not be replayed over & over until we got the 'right' result. I say this as a remainer. 
I noticed in interviews @AFNeil never challenged @Nigel_Farage's assertions that nobody voted for Norway or the SM. I asked Andrew why & sent him this showreel a few times before he blocked me.Andrew Neil is no great interviewer, he's helping Hard Brexit pic.twitter.com/CfoULgihWl 
Sir Humphrey: Brexit is a disaster. Stockpiling food and medicine. Queues at Ports. Nothing on Earth can make it work.Prime Minister: I know, how about we engage in a space race with the EU and also provide blue passports?Sir Humphrey: That’s ... very ... bold Prime Minister.  
Michael the only people questioning legitimacy are those same people who were predicting doom and gloom if we never joined the €uro & now have the cheek to complain b/c they lost a democratic referendum, if anyone had an advantage during the referendum then it was Remain.  
A positive vision for an independent United Kingdom from @JLongworthLML & a stark warning against subverting the will of the people! "Any attempts to deny the outcome of the referendum is to betray our nation’s proud history of democracy."Support us at  
The Department for Work and Pensions has released figures which blows one of the main arguments for Brexit apart. No of EU nationals claiming DWP benefits has been falling since before the ref,  people from rest of the world have risen 
Hi, I am David, I fucked up the country with my pal George by forcing thousands into poverty due to austerity, I then arrogantly called this referendum, and when I lost it, I then fucked off. I now enjoy surfing holidays in Cornwall giving zero fucks about the shit I left behind pic.twitter.com/LHTsF1oCdg 
The pope should've stayed at home.Make no mistake, this is a gigantic embarrassment for the Catholic church. They tried to assert their power after the abortion referendum, but this just proves how waning Catholic influence is with the Irish population.  
Prisons in crisis, Police officers cut, Railways in chaos, Brexit in disarray, NHS in chronic need of resources. Defence secretary coming up with bizarre plans to combat defence cuts. Councils running out of cash, Chancellor at odds with Tory cabinet &PM hides from Tory MPs!  
I'd vote for it even if Brexit was cancelled tomorrow. We need to get out of this union.  If not Brexit...then something else will hobble us and keep us down. Shake off the cringe, Scotland! We are not the measure of our history. #YesWeCan 
The DWP just accidentally blew apart one of the main arguments for Brexit  
The Tories are making an absolute mess out of Brexit, and sadly Labour leadership are helping them through inaction. But the Liberal Democrats are fighting to give you the final say on the Brexit deal and chance to stay in the EU. Join our campaign:  
Anyone else wondering how the hell we’re gonna fit the Grand Slam, the referendum, the snow, the Pope, the best ever hurling championship, the Presidential election, Super 8s, 7 Ed Sheeran concerts and all the rest into the 2018 Reeling in the Years? It’s not even September  
Today I had the privilege of visiting a small British exporter specialising in snake-related products, We expect British exports of snake oil to boom after Brexit. Another #BrexitBonus for Britain! 
'No deal' Brexit could impact 2019 Grand National, says British Horseracing Authority  
Literally have no sympathy for Labour anymore. They’ve made the Brexit supporting, anti Semitic bed, they’ve appealed directly to the bigoted hard left. As far as I’m concerned their no better than the Conservative party. Not worth voting for. 
Sarah sorry for the abuse you’re getting but can I just say they are mostly troll and bot accounts so just ignore. I was born in Belfast and appreciate you standing up for NI in this #Brexit mess, when many are happy to simply sacrifice us as in their obsession with Brexit 
Yes! Why on Earth not,when I compare how Ireland has been prioritised by the EU in Brexit negotiations and Scotland has been ignored by Westminster (sorry I forgot, a 15 minute debate) in our ‘Union’. Scotland is my home and it deserves to be Independent (a raging English bird) 
Racism in the UK after Brexit & How London is Fighting Back.Twitter: A Thread. 
We were back on the (rainy!) streets of Harpenden this morning campaigning for a #PeoplesVote. A resounding 94% of those we spoke to think Brexit's going badly & 78% want a final say on the deal. Are you hearing your constituents @BimAfolami?#Brexitometer 
Tory MP: "I wouldn’t be surprised if she was even booed"Becoming increasingly obvious to Conservative supporters we need new PM to rescue #Brexit, our country & party.If she clings on she faces prospect of real humiliation when she meets party faithful. 
Thank you - Michael Heseltine backs new EU referendum as he casts doubt over PM securing backing for Brexit deal#FinalSayForAll #BrexitisBonkers 
The single most seismic shift in British politics would be brought about by Jeremy Corbyn switching to an anti-Brexit stance. The Conservatives are so bound to their Titanic mistake that it's hard to see them not going down with the ship now. 
Frankly bizarre that those who would count themselves as proud unionists cannot see the likely outcome that N Ireland would be the first to break away in the event of a hard walk-away, no-deal Brexit. 
There is no democratic argument for going ahead with Brexit... Leave have been caught criminally overspending by 10% that gave them much more access to voters than Remain, their win was by just a 1.9% swing. There is only a legitimate democratic argument to stop this catastrophe. 
Another £100M added to the cost of Brexit, how much is it now, to replace what we already had? #StopBrexit 
Colombians vote on anti-corruption measures in Sunday referendum  
Michael Russell: @Feorlean - "When we get to the stage where it's Brexit or independence, people will have to be asked that question. I don't know when that will be but I do think that will have to happen."#AsSoonAsYouLikeMike #IndyRef2 #DissolveTheUnion 
So, it appears that since the unionists have shot through all their own 'Project Fear' arguments against Scottish independence in the four years since the last referendum, all they have left is 'Project Smear'. 
We were promised that hundreds of millions of pounds more would be spent on the #NHS every week if we voted for BrexitInstead, the gov't is spending that money on a new space race with the EUYet another reason we need a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal 
He's referring to the man who announced shortly after the referendum that he expected the PM to announce a couple of trade deals in Nov 2016.  
Would you vote for Scottish independence in a 'no-deal Brexit' scenario?  
It will not be a crisis if we exit the EU on WTO terms. It will be a crisis if we exit on Chequers terms or any other form of fake Brexit. If a serious so-called no deal plan had been drawn up long ago her negotiations might have been more effective.  
When the UK concedes on all points to the EU and drifts into Norway-style permanent transition after March 2019 the usual pro-Brexit commentators will write pieces poking fun at people who got as worried about Brexit as they did about the Millennium Bug 
‘surely time for Labour to get its act together when parliament reassembles & help to save the nation from further humiliation..no-deal Brexit is the worst option, but other forms of Brexit are damaging in their own way..only sensible option is to #Remain’ 
'Funding secured' for Galileo satellite alternative as government readies post-Brexit space race with EU  
I don't understand how any MP who has or will make money out of Brexit is allowed to be involved in it.Surely a massive conflict of interest 
May under fire: Prime Minister faces BOOING at conference in Brexit backlash   
NOPE !He's the one who along with Farron - dodged a key #Brexit vote in the HOC. !!!Apparently he was at a *secret meeting* to discuss a new *centre party*So much for HIS *stop #Brexit*  
So true.How can 40 years of treaties be unravelled in a few months?If we HAD to leave the EU, it should have been carefully planned before the referendum was even held.Surely someone in Cameron's government must have realised there would be an issue with the border in Ireland. 
After an all too short summer, the BEERG Brexit Briefing is back. Bottom line? Because of the poisonous politics of the House of Commons we are heading for a no-deal Brexit. Not what I would want... 
“It would not be long before our world-leading position in life sciences, gene technology, artificial intelligence, self-driving cars and a whole range of other modern industries would be being actively undermined by the Europeans.”Er, no @DavidDavisMP -Brexit’s doing that now.  
The furore over there being no Irish horses in the Grand National after #Brexit is mere scaremongering.The Irish just don't want you mainlanders eating their horses, when you run out of sandwiches.You let the EU feed you horsemeat already, with little fuss.  
'What planet are you on?' Farage RIDICULES ex-EU chief's Brexit warning of UK break up 
#CorbynOut1. He’s a racist2. He has no plan or answer on Brexit3. His economic policies would be a disaster4. He hates the West and the UK5. He associates with terrorists and murderers6. His cabinet has Diane Abbott,John McDonnell & Dawn Butler7. He’s a racist#CorbynOut 
Bollocks to #Brexit from a very wet #LeedsFestival2018! #bollockstobrexit #StopBrexit 
Significant intervention from #Nigerian presidential candidate Atiku Abubakar on the positive trade opportunities #Brexit and how EU negatively impacts #African trade. Confirms EU acts as a protectionist racket 
These hard Brexit MPs know nothing about Ireland, the peace process or the border - & care even less - but worringly speak with the confidence of people who are now dictating Government policy. Theresa May must distance herself from this dangerous, offensive, imperious nonsense.  
#Brexit and the Politics of Hard Numbers  
Thanks for this Ben. Honesty and bravery are what we need now. “All the reasons I am now getting involved in campaigning for a vote on the #Brexit deal with the hope to stop Brexit.” @fiocca1983 in @PMPmagToday. @RemainerNow #PeoplesVote @PeoplesVote_UK 
WE DONT NEED THE EU, and they know we don't.  In fact we will be well rid.  They also know with @Borisjohnson as PM, Britain will take off!  #Borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson    #Brexit  
The Tories must thank their lucky stars everyday that they have so many loyal allies in the Labour Party to do their work for them from within. Especially now they are in a minority govt and on the ropes over Brexit!Cheers Blairites  
 It's easy to forget - amid the fear-mongering of sandwich shortages in a "no-deal" scenario - that there are real and tangible benefits to #BrexitFirst article for the Sunday Express:  
Blocking Brexit would betray our nation’s proud history of democracy says @Telegraph.Proud history? Like unelected head of state, unelected upper house, 19th century voting system, state control of BBC news output, UK a, excluding devolved parliaments from EU talks. Proud? 
#Brexitometer results across the country such as this one from #Nottingham show a huge drop of support for Brexit, yet some say that the sample size isn't large enough.To find out how much public opinion has changed we need to give the vote back to the people. #PeoplesVote#C4PV 
So ye dinnae think voting tae flounce oot of the EU hud anythin' tae dae wi' xenophobia? Ok. Nae bother. Take a wee gander at this video then.#BloodyForeigners #Brexit  
Here’s a wee reminder aboot whit sleekit Theresa May pure thinks aboot Brexit. So, whin she havers oan aboot Brexit means Brexit, she pure wants Brexit tae mean Remain. Her integrity is bein' squeezed through the mincer richt noo. 
It is becoming more and more evident that Brexit ignores the needs of both UK citizens living in Europe and EU citizens living in the UK. It is only fair that the people should have a final say; we need a vote on any deal, and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
You are the Minister for science and you comment like an ideological goon.The UK is not going to have the money (even if given orbit space) due to you wasting £440m a week on Brexit.We used to accuse Labour of being economically incompetent once. 
The BBC was supposed to be impartial during the Referendum campaign. So how come they never showed what was written on the other side of that bloody bus?  
“In the contradiction & incoherence which now envelops the government’s #Brexit strategy, why is everybody pretending we have a choice between the PMs #Chequers plan, & no-deal?”E X A C T L Y  T H I SWhy not the Lancaster House vision?#StandUp4Brexit 
Strange all the remainers moan about made up Russian interference in the EU referendum with no evidence but Soros publicly pays to help overturn the Brexit vote & they say nothing. HYPOCRITES..  
If you still haven’t sussed it yet, I’ll help you by using all caps. THESE FUCKERS DESPERATELY WANT BREXIT BECAUSE THEY WILL MAKE A SHITLOAD OF MONEY FROM IT AND THEY DON’T CARE ALL THAT’S LEFT BEHIND IS A DYSTOPIAN WASTELAND BECAUSE THEY’LL BE IN MONACO SHITTING GOLD.  
Tom Watson is quick to launch an inquiry into Russia’s interference with the EU Referendum based on no evidence but remains silent on Israel’s interference with British politics.Shai Masot was filmed lobbying for Israel & offering £1m bounty to topple MPs including Jeremy Corbyn. 
Correcting problems among those who support you is essential to having integrity.Meanwhile Trump soaks up support from the Neo-Nazis and Farage lets the lie about £350M going to the NHS spread until AFTER the Brexit vote. 
Remember when you were at school & some kid boasted about how brilliant they were at yo-yos, or Tomb Raider, or Scalextric or something, & you were a bit intimidated, & you went to their house, & you saw them play it & realized they were useless at it? That’s Brexiters and Brexit 
Oh Dear, Oh Dear, Oh Dear. Dominic Raab may or may not be a good Brexit Secretary. But is he really so desperate for credibility that he has to claim (Tim Shipman in today's Sunday Times) that he saw off Slobodan Milosevic with a junior lawyers letter. Pity he never met the man! 
Irish foreign minister says no-deal Brexit 'very, very unlikely'  
Apt summing up of the argument for a referendum on the final deal  
FBPE isn't a Lib Dem movement. We have here Labour against Brexit, Tories against Brexit, everybody but the hard right against Brexit. Take a look around Twitter.& I think Corbyn should put at least SOME energy into commenting on the biggest issue facing our country, don't you? 
Theresa May calls a Brexit crisis summit to prepare for a 'no deal' amid fears row between Brexiteers and Remainers is undermining negotiations with Brussels  
A further Scottish referendum is only months away. Smears and allegations are a useful distraction from Brexit and a ploy to quieten the voice for independence. We are big enough, rich enough, and smart enough. Let’s also be loud enough.#ScotlandCan 
So I gather the EU does not want the U.K. to be part of the Galileo security project post BREXIT - No matter - we’ll create our own! So one imagines the EU wants no assistance or input from GCHQ!  This is all getting unnecessarily vitriolic! Silly! 
These ERG members  have stakes in investment companies that advise clients about the financial aspects of Brexit. Both firms have been directing clients’ money away from the UK.If they stand to benefit from the Brexit they advocate they are in breach of the MPs Code of Conduct.  
The more I think about this, I find it harder to believe. As @KRLS has just said at @BeyondBorders__ in Scotland (via @josepalay): everything about Franco is legal yet 'calling for a self-determination referendum is illegal'. No politician should be in jail for this issue at all.  
I believe the UK can become great again after Brexit. Post Brexit, manufacturing can make a comeback & overtake the service sector bringing back skilled work, which means better pay for the masses & an end to the scurge of the minimum wage driven by unskilled service sector jobs. 
Farage Denounces Campaign for Second EU Referendum: ‘It’s Not the People’s Vote, It’s the George Soros Vote’  
I just showed this to a Spanish couple on the next table. Incredulity doesn’t even get close. ‘Why are you doing this Brexit?’, he asked. I didn’t even know where to start. I’ve reached the point of complete exasperation at the utter insanity of it. Haven’t we all?  
Another thing #Brexiteers said would be SO easy! #BrexitChaos WTO warns on disruption to UK of no-deal Brexit  via @financialtimes 
#Brexit Poland Salvini Orban Kurz #Visegrad must realize that EU-UN intend to divide & isolate them in various ways. They must form UNITED front against Brussels on issues in which they are attacked. Time to take on @ManfredWeber who is #Merkel hack attacking Poland 
Brexit Explained  
Here's our Breximeter from yesterday. The vast majority of people we spoke to were horrified at the thought of a no deal Brexit and all that this would do to us. It's clear that a #PeoplesVote is badly wanted in Nottingham! 
When the UK becomes a gateway to nowhere, how will it attract vitally needed foreign investment? The ERG have the answer - slash taxes on business & wealth, slash health, environmental & safety regulations & slash workers' rights. A Tory #BrexitTaxHaven!#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Germans invited Rahul Gandhi to learn efficiency from him, Brits invited Rahul Gandhi to draft the final Brexit deal for them, EU invited Rahul Gandhi to help resolve refugee problem across Europe.A man in demand all over the world for his knowledge. 
A reminder that Farage, Raab, Redwood and other Tory Brexiters were calling for a 2nd referendum (a straight replay, not a vote on the final outcome) in the event of a #Remain victory.#PeoplesVote 
President @KRLS: Every day people legally pay homage to Franco’s mausoleum, Fundation Francisco Franco is legal and gets public money, duchess of Franco title is legal and renewed, etc. However calling for a self-determination referendum is ilegal  
Popped in at the village farm shop with the dog to pick up the Sunday joint (gammon). As it’s #NationalDogDay someone said, “what a handsome fellow, what’s his name ?” To which the dog replied “It’s Brexit the Spanna” the whole shop applauded and the farmer opened the cider.   
If you weren't paying attention, the UK government has basically exposed that Russia was behind funding Brexit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been branded “ill informed” after claiming people crossing the Irish border could be “inspected” as they were during the Troubles after Brexit.  
Important update:“UK recipients of Horizon 2020 funding will be invited by UKRI to register their details on a dedicated portal on the  website expected to go live in the autumn.”This is part of no-deal Brexit preparations.  
What exactly was so pragmatic and rational about the period before the Brexit vote? Cameron and Osborne's austerity? This trend of pretending that everything was perfect before the referendum really irritates me - for many people, the country had already hit rock bottom.  
I wrote an ode to English MP & arch-Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg. He's certainly an unusual fellow! My poem is getting shared a lot on Facebook so @PozzyWozzy kindly made it into an image appropriate for Twitter. #brexit #JacobReesMogg #Moggmentum 
There is no deal.   There is only hard Brexit or no Brexit.   That's all there ever was.   Please see paragraph 3 of Article 50. 
Research from .@ISM_music found the impact of #Brexit on the country’s musicians. Their report shows how much musicians could be losing out on work within the EU with an end to freedom of movement. They are one of many groups that would be severely impacted. #FreeMoveCreate 
Indescribable. Mrs Merkel will surely be condemned for one of the greatest policy disasters in modern European history. Letting in 1.5m migrants with no vetting or control. Inter alia, it led to Brexit. It was Germany's Iraq War. An epic mistake which will echo down the years.  
most vitriol and threats of violence and riots in the streets comes from the leave groups as they now know that they will not get their way...  if it s allowed mob rule becomes the norm in UK - sums up septic brexit britain  
In 15 years time, almost no-one will admit to having voted for Brexit. It will be "Oh no not me, I never fell for their lies"#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit  
The most important thing at the moment is stopping Brexit. Nothing else matters. So that should be @LibDems sole focus. We have opposed Brexit from the start and are on the right side of the argument. Let’s be confident and clear on that. Forget the process stuff for a year. 
H.E @atiku headlines ‘Most Read’ in today’s U.K Sunday Express. Africa longs for Brexit, says ATIKU ABUBAKAR   
'Have people inspected' at Irish border after Brexit, says Rees-Mogg  
Scientists For EU's response to the government's technical paper on scientific cooperation if withdrawal negotiations fail.What will a no-deal Brexit cost UK science in Horizon 2020 access?#wato 
The Conservative Party received twice as much money from dead people last year as it did from members 
“....... in a no-deal Brexit, UK coordination of EU multinational Horizon 2020 projects is dead in the water”. Reckless & wanton destruction of science skills & talent. @peoplesvote_uk #StopBrexit 
#EU Filth!Salvini “EU demonstrated once again to be unprecedented filth that doesn’t deserve our money.First to Last, no one cared.Time has come to make some Cuts to funds given to a useless institution that turns its back when we most need it.”#Brexit 
The Irish people were overdue a referendum on a woman’s right to choose. They voted overwhelmingly to #repealthe8th. Abortion will be legal soon. Both sides need to heal the divisions between them now so we can focus on the next big job in hand: ridding #Ireland of corruption 
Isn't the problem that Corbyn has been clear about where he stands on Brexit?  
The Government’s announcement this week on guidance for a no deal Brexit confirms what many of us having been warning for some time now – it would be hugely damaging for our city, and our country.   
"It is time the British people were told whether the EU referendum result was stolen by the Russian state" - Tom Watson, Deputy Labour leader Read my @QuilletteM essay on Brexit comfort blankets  
Britons seem relatively relaxed in the face of Brexit apocalypse | Larry Elliott  
Ecce homo:This man bought a £5mil. house near Parliament, ready for his leadership bid.This man met with white supremacist Steve BannonThis man voted against gay marriage & is anti-abortionThis man moved all his investments to DublinE pluribus anus#brexit #fbpe #nastyparty 
Now that The People are better informed about the EU and what losing our valuable membership of it would mean, we need a #PeoplesVote. Democracy is about information & reflection, not lies, crimes & manipulation as in the 2016 referendum. 
2) BEFORE the referendum, I did my homework. I knew about the Belfast agreement (GFA) & how problematic it would be. I also knew that Gibraltar rely on Spain & we rely on the EU as moderator. I also knew that we have relied on our friends 2 vote with us on the Falklands ownership 
1) OK, as a mum and a small business owner here's why I won't just.. "shut up and get over brexit"... Nor will I "get behind it", so stop wasting your time and mine by telling me to do so...its the "will of the people" remember.. It neither succeeds nor fails on my belief... 
Dear remainers in academia & science generally.You won’t ‘lose £500 million of EU funding’ after Brexit.Point 1. The EU has NO MONEY OF IT’S OWN.It creates no wealth.It simply returns some of our money to you, by way of grants etc. Point 2. WE ARE NET CONTRIBUTORS.Get  it? 
A WTO Brexit will not stop informal border arrangements, and ad hoc solutions from taking place. To suggest otherwise is to willfully engage in scaremongering.  
Poor Geraint. Best next time to talk about something less contentious than cycle helmets, like the Middle East peace process, or maybe Brexit.  
You want civil war in America AND the UK?Trump was elected.BrExit was voted for.Many of our "beloved entertainers" are turning out to be rapist and child abusers.The world you want only exists in your head.  
#Brexit  From the Sunday Times. Hits the nail on the head.  
September 13th folks date for diary.  TM calling Crisis meeting for cabinet to discuss no deal Brexit.....   which is clearly becoming more likely by the day 
A no-deal Brexit may be unthinkable but that doesn’t mean it can’t happen | Andrew Rawnsley  
Give it a few years and this lad will try and make a comeback with a “my time in the alt right” platform, and he’ll be “transformed” and none of it will be genuine.This is up there with Farages post Brexit speech to EU MEPs where he focused on how they laughed at him 10 years ago  
Reassuring to see that the minister in charge of Brexit has adopted the ‘I spoke to Dave the decorator down the Dog and Duck and he says everything is going to be fine - so just ignore the so-called experts’ attitude.  
Majority of Labour target voters support a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal  
Why do we need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal?  
BMW will shut UK sites if customs delays clog supply post-Brexit.If Mini and Rolls-Royce parts are caught up in delays, 8,000 jobs could be at at risk#StopBrexit or destroy UK manufacturing. 
“We’re going to leave anyway, so you might as well support the party that will screw you over less*” - That’s basically @jeremycorbyn’s argument, isn’t it?* I’m not even sure that Labour will harm us less in the event of Brexit. 
I simply don't care that Brexiter Cons plan to humiliate May by slow clapping at the party conference. This doesn't compensate for allowing her relentless Brexit betrayal. Concrete action needs to be taken (& they may already have left it too late). 
David Davis is having another go at predicting Brexit. Which is brave, given his track record. Like this from Feb 2016:“Within minutes of a vote for Brexit [German] CEOs will be knocking down Merkel’s door demanding there be no barriers to German access to the UK market.” (1)  
This guy is utterly clueless.#brexit  
If any Brexit happens, especially no-deal, I, a disabled pensioner who has never been disobedient of the law in her life, *will* cause civil unrest beforehand: I’d have nothing to lose, with a government too pusillanimous to stand up to racists, bigots and vulture-capitalists. 
How many crisis Brexit summits must Mrs May have called now?  
WORKERS! -STOP dancing to Rees-Mogg's tune!Brexit is an ATTACK on the working class!Take back control and demand a #PeoplesVote NOW! 
Sunday Telegraph: "May orders Space Race with EU after Brexit".And here are some of the @DExEUgov staff getting in some practice 
Dominic Raab: No freedom of movement in Brexit deal 
Can there be anything more deceitful or dishonest than @DavidDavisMP attacking his own 'bogus' Chancellor for circulating the Brexit Impact Study results that Davis prepared himself as Brexit Minister?This propaganda imperils our country.#DontBuyTheSun 
“Hey Siri. Is there *anything* that won’t be screwed by a no-deal Brexit?”“Only Rees-Mogg and his friends’ bank balances.” 
Gotta say... I can imagine that people over in Israel and Palestine (loose terminology) are looking at the United Kingdom and the completely unnecessary mess of Brexit like:"And these are the guys who are supposed to be helping us sort out OUR conflict? Are you serious?!" 
To Nigel Farage, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Boris johnson and LeaveMeansLeave.The great British nation has two  massive emotional issues: Halal slaughter/cruelty and the practise of FGM. Seize on these  and you will have more votes than you ever hoped. Brexit will be won as a by-product! 
The EU’s vindictive, petty behaviour since the 2016 referendum has validated Brexit:  
Why oh Why don't the @Conservatives see the big picture?MAY put Hammond there, MAY filled her cabinet with remainers.Why don't they see that their leader is the main problem?#Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo 
Apart from the obvious benefits of stopping Brexit, one that we should not overlook is the pure joy we will have when Rees-Mogg in particular, but also many leading Brexiters in general, lose a lot of money that they’ve bet on Brexit happening. 
You don't believe the warnings about Brexit because Cameron exaggerated the reaction that businesses and countries would have to the NEWS of the Brexit vote.Is that really the same as warnings about what leaving the European Union does as a matter of law? 
Let’s be absolutely clear - this was in relation to a terrorist threat. We are not going back to this and the rhetoric of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is dangerous as is perpetuating this as a post BREXIT outcome.  
Britain is told it risks trade disruption from a no-deal Brexit because it's "very unlikely" to have agreed tariffs in time  
I’ve been having a wee ponder tae myself about how to describe Brexit. This pretty much sums it all up.Imagine that the wee dug is Nigel Farage and the big dugs are the people who voted fae Brexit.#NationalDogDay 
Labour: oppose Brexit. Doing so saves the country from a hideous mistake. And incidentally, saves the Labour Party too. - You would also do yourselves a favour by getting a leader.  
David Davis at war with Philip Hammond after the Chancellor’s attempts to ‘wreck’ Brexit 
The hypocrisy of people shouting about Tuam babies, but who voted to yes in the referendum to dismember and throw Irish babies in to hospital incinerators. Rotten hypocrites. #popeinIreland #Prolife 
You mean ‘worse than the people with no understanding of the funding system for UK science & universities thought’!  No-deal Brexit 'worse than thought' for science - BBC News  
ABSOLUTE MUST-READ interview with @RebelDread Don Letts this w/e. Riveting, sobering, chilling: esp the difference in his school playground aged 12 the morning after Enoch Powell’s “rivers of blood” speech.  Please RT this #WakeUpCall #Racism #Brexit  
“You will still be able to enjoy a BLT after Brexit” This is where politics is at in the UK right now. No matter that Brexit is leading to the NHS haemorrhaging staff, when already 40,000 nurses short & 10,000 Drs down. BLT’s perhaps, but poorer healthcare.#PeoplesVote 
This decision of PM which impacts on every EU citizen is unconstitutional. There’s been no due diligence, no parliamentary decision and, as she admits in the letter, it’s based purely on the referendum.EC have confirmed it was #frauderendum. The decision is tainted. 
My wife and her colleagues have already been laid off by the University of Manchester so this is old news. But hey ho, enjoying all the extra sovereignty that came in the post.No-deal Brexit 'worse than thought' for science -  
Yes I do. But if the #Brexit approach was properly scientific, and the deal was clearly going to do more harm than good, I would expect our elected representatives to pause and reconsider. As Churchill put it, ‘Those who never change their mind, never change anything.’  
Has it really reached the point where Remainers have to threaten violent disorder to level the  political playing field? Question - Do MPs really believe there is a serious threat of violence, or are they exaggerating fears to justify suppressing democracy?#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
FURIOUS Tories have launched a scathing attack on the Chancellor of the Exchequer, demanding Philip Hammond be sacked for doing a “Ratner” in his latest scaremongering over a no-deal Brexit.Hammond out Jacob in ??Just a suggestion. 
We need to put the science back into #Brexit. Consider it an untested miracle pill sold to us so enthusiastically that 52% of people chose to take it, & in doing so forced 48% to take it. If the miracle happens, it will be worth it. If serious harms appear, we must stop & rethink 
I'm going to London today to speak to Romanians about their views on #Brexit and #migration.Still looking for a few Romanian and Polish participants for my PhD study. If you live in #Newham or #Tendring and can help please DM me (interviews are anonymous).#SundayMorning 
Hammond has sought to undermine Brexit at every step of the way. 
There is barely a paragraph in this rabid rant which doesn't contain a blatant lie, a bone-headed fallacy or a gobbet of bizarre British Nationalist madness. | Euan McColm: Call out the Nats for Brexit double standard - The Scotsman  #DissolveTheUnion 
Sweden election latest: EU referendum is what people REALLY want, says nationalist leader The Swedish people have a GE on the 9th of September and talk of a Swexit to leave the EU is becoming more popular by the day. 
Nearly 7 in 10 of people who would consider switching their vote to Labour want to stay in the EU.We've got to be clearer on Brexit, and clearly we need to be opposing it.#StopBrexit 
Bruce Newsome exposes May's sell-out on EU Defence Union. "Chances are that you remain unaware that Theresa May’s government is  still engaged in EU defence integration, despite the vote for Brexit in  June 2016."   
EU nationals living in Britain have spoken about their support for Brexit. Most cited Brussels' lack of democracy and accountability, while one said he was persuaded by Project Fear’s “meaningless and absurd forecasts” during the referendum campaign.  
Has anyone else noticed how everyone involved in championing Brexit is an absolute cunt? 
Africa longs for Brexit, says ATIKU ABUBAKAR  Brexit would be good for the Commonwealth increasing trade in Africa and creating a better economic outcome.This would allow Africa to be able to feed their people better and stop the flow of economic migrants 
Do your bit to ensure Brexit is delivered: Email your MP & ask them to pledge to #StandUp4Brexit like these 19 MPs have Tell your friends, family & colleagues  to do the same Follow & RT @StandUp4BrexitFind your MPs email address here:  
At the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference we will be Remaking the Case For Europe. Speakers on that session will be @albawhitewolf @JMPSimor @acgrayling & @RCorbettMEP. Just 1 of 9 fascinating strands of discussion on a day of serious debate in #Leeds. 
Brexit really is taking the piss.  
Profiting from Brexit misery, item 1 m’lud(ht @PickardJE) 
BBC News - Grand National 'could be hit by no deal Brexit' warns racing group Another stupid no Deal Brexit storyNext years Grand National could be hit because no Irish Or French horses would be able to competeWho cares that would be the fault of the EU 
WORDS: 'Mogglodyte' 'hard Brexit (aka Brexit)' 'disastrous' 'complexity' The negative language of MPs attempting to influence people with unsubstantiated claims shows we need a clean sweep of politicians. We need ones working hard NOW on building for post 2019 Britain.  
Leave Means Leave campaign group  building £5m war chest to fight 'dilution' of Brexit 
Huge news. One of the guys from Abba has stated his opposition to Brexit. Still no word from Sinitta or Duran Duran. Their silence is deafening...  
Corbyn wants to turn the UK into Venezuela without the oil, yet Remainers are scared about a "No Deal" Brexit 
Not a rant, more a rational summation of the situation we are in. We need those who are currently 'wringing their hands' to stop dithering and stand up for democracy. Brexit will flourish while good men do nothing. 
Brexiteers threaten to humiliate Theresa May at Party Conference. The Tory conference is the ideal chance to oust May. Brexit requires a leader who actually supports Brexit..  
SDLP Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna MLA has responded to Jacob Rees-Mogg's comments about the Irish Border, branding them as pig ignorant and a disturbing warning about the aspirations of extreme brexiteers. Read more:  
The next issue to cleave the Conservative Party after Brexit.   
“The reality is that the UK is giving up membership of the world’s most significant trading bloc – in which it has exerted real influence for a decade – in exchange for having its terms of trade dictated by other governments.”#Brexit 
I've seen the parallels since before the referendum.  No one agreed then. I'm a historian. I studied the rise of fascism in Europe in the 1920s &1930s. Trust me when I say the parallels are there & we ignore them at our peril. 
Who have been in power the last 8yrs? Who have had a majority every step of the #Brexit way?@CONservatives. They are the problem & a real threat to our country. A @JeremyCorbyn-led @UKLabour Government is the solution. Join us:#SocialistSunday 
Today's silly scaremongering story if 'no deal' #Brexit - the Grand National. Irish trainers, apparently, concerned whether they'd get their horses back after the race!  
++Brexit dividend++UK Government has ordered hundreds of portable new toilets to cope with lorry standstill in Kent as traffic is gridlocked post Brexit. So there you go - good Brexit news for UK toilet manufacturers.  
BREXIT/TOXIC: Secret no-deal plan to line M20 with portaloos for truck drivers /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Network Rail is considering using Brexit to cut costs by abandoning EU regulations, with potential effects on rail safety - savings that will likely go into the pockets of shareholders and senior managers rather than lower costs for consumers... #BrexitShambles 
If @UKLabour commits to backing a #PeoplesVote and campaigns to #Remain in the EU, we stand to win 4 million more votes. It's in the national interest to stop #Brexit and the party interest to stop Brexit.Join @Remain_Labour and let's make it happen! 
On Thursday the Chancellor highlighted the devastation of no-deal on our industries and our standard of living.On Saturday Downing St said "the UK would continue to thrive in the event of a no-deal Brexit"Downing St lied, and without truth democracy dies.#PeoplesVote 
How I’ve dreamed of pissing alongside a motorway, clutching my blue passport to my heart and whistling God Save The Queen. Brexit is pish. 
15 years here. 50 for Rees-Mogg. They’re never going to admit it, are they? If it goes ahead they’ll spend decades claiming that the non-existent benefits of Brexit are just over the horizon. It’s a disgusting deception for which the poorest will pay the steepest price.  
Labour could win another four million votes with a clearer position on Brexit according to a new YouGov poll, as it reveals that nearly seven in 10 want to stay in Europe.Read the findings in full and share with your friends 
Corbynistas:Don't have another referendum, it will upset the far-right and there will be violence in the streetsDon't form a centrist party, it will boost the far-rightSince when did so-called “socialists” become so afraid of the far-right? 
Theresa May's Brexit is such a dog's dinner that, 2 years on, the 'people's vote' loons are trying to stop it and the pro-Brexit campaign's been reinvigorated. Her instruction wasn't to deliver Remain & Leave, attempting to do so has wasted 2 years & pleased no one. 
You’re new to politics, Steve, but DD really should know better. If we have “trouble remembering what Brexit fuss was about” it may be because papers like Sun and Mail won’t allow it. They already cry “Betrayal” even as WTO chief warns against your WTO-only Hard Brexit fantasy 
PATHETIC: Pro-Euro Lord Heseltine supports second referendum, Herman Van Rompuy insists Brexit is ‘threat’ to UK. Pro-EU establishment are still rocked to the core. The British people are taking back control of their country!  
Go on then @DavidDavisMP. You've been accused of being a liar, of being incompetent and at times, drunk when trying to explain the impact of Brexit. Why should Sun readers believe you when you admitted no impact assessments have been done?  
Just like before, #ProjectFear is being concocted in the heart of Government.”@DavidDavisMP; Just ignore bogus Chancellor Hammond..the sun is Brexing out”“The Chancellor is attempting to frighten the ­population”#StandUp4Brexit#Brexit 
Northern Ireland: The casual idiocy of that monumental irrelevance, Rees-Mogg defies belief. That he and his cohorts are perpared to put the Good Friday agreement at risk for an utterly pointless Brexit, is obscene. 3,568 people including 763 soldiers were killed in NI 
Deputy Labour leader calls for public inquiry on Russian interference in EU referendum. @jeremycorbyn is that the same referendum result that we must "respect"? We don't. #StopBrexit 
The Brexit mood is turning. Can Labour turn too?  Today’s Observer column 
I wouldn't put it in such a gleeful way, but our Brexit Remain vote, the subsequent treatment of Scotland by WM of being excluded from talks & finally dragged into court for our devolved laws have shown there is no UK union for us! We are offski! #DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit is much easier said than done. Play this game and pick your own outcome  
Michael Heseltine backs The Independent campaign for a fresh EU referendum  
NEW: No 10 calls Brexit crisis summit on ‘no deal’“With the [Brexit] talks in deadlock, Theresa May is being forced to drag her Cabinet back to Chequers for another round of internal bickering and infighting,” @Keir_Starmer 
If brexit means an « existential threat » to UK, presumably the millions who wish to see an independent Scotland and United Ireland see an opportunity not a threat. 
How can a nae-deal Brexit result in a semen shortage when the whole caboodle has been aboot gratifying a bunch of cocks?  
1. Yes @UKLabour it is nearly beyond time..back your members...back your voters...back the Maj of the Ppl & actively Oppose not Appease.Your 1st priority is to the Country. #Brexit in any form harms it.@Labour4EU know it...Unions know it..Momentum too.  
No-deal Brexit will break up UK, warns Van Rompuy  
This is a lesson for you @Nigel_Farage @realDonaldTrump#Brexit John McCain  
When will the Left wake up to the fact that Brexit is a project of the Right, by the Right, for the Right?  
Peak hysteria. Brexit means no more Grand Nationals!!! Hahahaha!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has urged Theresa May to adopt some Margaret Thatcher-style “oomph” and a more positive approach towards Brexit. 
A no-deal Brexit could hit next year's Grand National, a racing group has said. 
This guy is not a party grandee or a big beast, he’s a political nonentity. His devotion to Brexit is not about sovereignty or democracy, it’s about avoiding new EU tax laws that affect his own personal wealth.That our press have made him the go to guy on this issue is a joke 
Blocking Brexit would betray our nation’s proud history of democracy, writes @JLongworthLML 
What does the WTO chief know about the perils of a WTO-rules-only Hard Brexit compared with Jake O’Mogg and IDS, eh !  
Brexiteers threaten to humiliate Theresa May at Party ConferenceShe needs to go, or let Brexiteers handle Brexit Talks!  
every once in a while, it's good to remember that Brexit happened over the dead body of a woman who said "this is stupid and really fucking racist," and then was murdered for it by a huge fucking racist. 
The mood on #Brexit is turning. Labour can turn too. The truth is that a no-deal Brexit is the worst option, but other forms of Brexit are damaging in their own way. The only sensible option is to remain in the EU  
Non-tariff barriers are rising as the world heads into #tradewars (& NTBs will be a big constraint on UK if it doesn't reach a #Brexit deal) (Graphic: Augustin Carstens, head @BIS_org speech) 
Nothing but propaganda. European by choice? The EU isn’t Europe, we’re European by geography, not choice.If being EUpean is a choice why were the Irish & Dutch forced to vote again & why are the EU deliberately making Brexit as difficult as possible to prevent others leaving? 
“Britain has extended its lead in the global currency trading business in the two years since it voted to leave the European Union, in another sign London is likely to continue to be one of the world's top two financial centres even after #Brexit.”  
The #Brexit inquiry to come:Lying about £350mHiding the impactForeign interferenceEmpty diamond mineFueling racismMPs lying, ignorance & ignoring publicMaking £ out of collapsing the economyList goes on. You are on it. #DUPbribe #darkmoney#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
... Brexit  
EXCLUSIVE: EU citizens living in UK SPEAK OUT on Brexit: ‘It is NOTHING to do with racism’  
In a poll of over 10,000 voters, the voters that the Labour Party need to win to get into 10 Downing Street want a #PeoplesVote and are pro-Remain - the party’s position on Brexit is stopping it getting into Government. #FFS  
"I Voted Remain - Here's Why I Changed My Mind" - EXCLUSIVE Brexit Facts4EU interview with a Remain voter - why he voted Remain, and why he's now pro-#Brexit.  Essential Sunday reading:  
The referendum was a fuck-up. The result was a fuck-up. The negotiations are a fuck-up. Brexit is a fuck-up. We are beiing fucked up. Britain is fucked. 
Have a great Sunday today everyone out there. Let’s give  Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing a rest for one day.  Never- ending  on TV & Radio all the time. Get out on your bike like me. Or go for a walk, go shopping, or have a few drinks down the pub.         
A magnificent amount of lies from "I did Jack for two years & left"Talks about individual cases but forgets to mention inward investment into the UK is down 92% since the referendumPedals the old nonsense that all companies and economists forecasts are wrongLaughable! 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 25, 2018 at 08:50AM, £1 buys 1.1046€. 
‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after #Brexit, says #WTO boss #BrexitShambles #brexitchaos @Femi_Sorry @FbpeReynard @acgrayling @GrahameLucas @BrexitBin @donnyc1975 @BrexitIsToxic 
A little poem written by using auto-complete searches on Google. It’s called ‘#Brexit according to Google’  
Another nail in the coffin of Brexit  
Hey Jamie, when are you goung to tell us about the #DarkMoney and election fraud??? We are all waiting!! See maybe if you lot hadn't cheated, and run a fair referendum instead of using lies and deceit and fraud. Maybe we wouldn't be looking at a further vote!!  
What would ‘trading under WTO rules’ actually mean?Listen to a former trade negotiator rip into Brexit bullshit about trade. These damaging lies could destroy thousands of jobs. Please share with people you know who voted Leave#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Have you noticed, Mogg has lots of nonsense to say on Brexit every day, but nothing I’ve seen about the far worse systemic sexual abuse of power+coverup by the Catholic Church to which he ostentatiously adheres. Charlatan indeed ! 
Great to see a Labour big hitter pushing on this. @tom_watson is right. We need to know the role Putin played in the Brexit referendum. And we need to know it while we still have time to change our minds about leaving the EU#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Let's make Brexit bold, inspiring and green - not timid and apologetic, urges @SimonClarkeMP  
Jacob Rees-Mogg labels all those who don't agree that a hard Brexit is good for the UK as dissenters, enemies of the people or saboteurs. Him & his European Research Group are trying to drive a No-Deal Brexit through for personal gain, not in the national interest... #StopBrexit 
UK economy is 2.1% smaller than if it had voted to stay in the EU Gov having to borrow an additional £23 billion a year.  so Brexit is already costing Treasury £440m a week. Liars should be made to pay for a new bus to tour the country #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit chickens coming home to roost: “Theresa May is about to learn a hard lesson: you can’t beat the populists by aping them. And it will be ordinary Britons who suffer the consequences.”  
The Observer view on the many perils of a no-deal Brexit| Observer editorial  
The greatest leaps forward for society have happened during her greatest crises; due to the Brexit vote we are now in just such a crisis and Scotland has the opportunity to take a huge leap forward into a prosperous future that Scots manage and lead. 
Theresa May orders space race after Brexit with sat-nav system to rival EU's Galileo 
BREAKING: Nigel Farage deals with an unhinged Remainer on LBC phone-in."You sound so angry, not in control" Made my day #remoaners #brexit  
Blessed are the fund managers with new accounts based in Dublin to serve clients not wishing to be cut out of the EU, for they are the only ones who gain anything from Brexit.  
I wonder if disgraced former defence Minister Liam Fox knows how ridicolous he sounds claiming EU deals that Brexit will destroy for the UK as a win?Brexits is for mugs.  
Brexit: “The reality is that the UK is giving up membership of the world’s most significant trading bloc – in which it has exerted real influence for a decade – in exchange for having its terms of trade dictated by other governments”  
Michael Heseltine backs a #peoplesvote as he casts doubt over PM securing backing for Brexit deal  
I am proud to say that this past weekend, Harris County took a step to combat impacts of future events like Hurricane Harvey from happening by voting to approve a $2.5 billion dollar bond referendum that will help fund crucial flood mitigation projects throughout our community. 
"The Brexit collateral damage could be horrendous. The politicians who want this will be long gone, but our kids will be living with the consequences for 30 or 40 years."We've visited both sides of the Irish border and the mood is very, very gloomy  
Strongly Condemn the Cowardly attack on unarmed @ManjitGK at the Yuba City Gurughar in complete disregard of Maryada and Sikhi! To these agents of ISI, the only way to get referendum is by  attacking n intimidating Sikhs. No Sikh will ever be cowed down by your dastardly acts. 
Brexiteer QC claims Britons will save many BILLIONS of pounds if no deal Brexit succeeds  
This is the same Labour that supports Tory neo-con policies, supports austerity, supports loss of union rights, supports Brexit, supports loss of Scotland's political powers, supports harsh immigration controls, and saddled Scotland with massive debts in PFI crooked contracts.  
It is as ridiculous as the Poms in the Dordogne rushing home to vote for Brexit - they devalued their pensions - and now complain that they can't afford to live on the devalued £ and are selling up to swell UK's immigration figures - which they voted to reduce. 
Osborne and the Treasury have now been proved comprehensively wrong on their post-Brexit predictions on growth, employment, unemployment, borrowing requirements, productivity, house prices and real wages. I am surprised George remains in any of his six jobs with such a record. 
The UK has also safeguarded its post-Brexit nuclear future by signing a nuclear cooperation treaty covering trade in fissile materials with the USA. And it is in close talks with key players, Japan, Australia and Canada. So no scare necessary. 
And meanwhile, back in London the UK government continues to spend every waking moment ripping itself to shreds over Brexit cheered on by the Labour party who are too busy kicking the shit out of each other to point out that the UK has other issues apart from Brexit 
Grand National 'could be hit by no deal Brexit' warns racing group  
For now.  That Chinese deal was made via the EU, and will of course be void after Brexit. 
Brexit: no market for implications - Raab's determination to keep the consequences of "no deal" off the agenda has met with success in the UK media. We go to our doom blinded by the zealots, and kept in ignorance by Dominic Raab...  #Brexinfo. 
NOOOOOOO we were listening to this EPIC podcast of @JasonJHunter demolishing some "Brexit Central" pillock!  xXx  
You rent a room out. After 4 years the lodger has equal rights to your family. That's how residency rules work, after 4 years it would breach human rights to deport someone, and nationality means they have an equal share in UK mineral wealth. #Brexit  
Colombia hopes a referendum will help root out corruption  
Only a new moral vision can reunite Britain#Brexit  
Look a squirrel, look at the novichok, look at the anti semitism, look at the nasty Nats....... Don't look at Tory "sexy time", Tory islamophobes, Tory sectarian bigots and Tory dark money or brexit clusterfuck. Deflect, deflect, deflect 
The latest Project Fear nonsense - the UK will break up the day after the plague of locusts - well what else do you expect from the ex-president of the EU Council!  A no deal Brexit under WTO terms is a real Brexit &  therefore the one the EU fears most..  
You know when you thought something was a great idea but then you learn more about it and you have to admit you were wrong and misinformed... but don’t want to lose face? Well that’s now what is known as ‘doing a Brexit’ 
I also resell Japanese products to Australia and USA. Also not allowed under WTO rules. And resell German products worldwide / again not allowed  under WTO rules. Loss of income for means Uk.Brexit is self harm for the UK  
20,000 bollocks to brexit stickers handed out at the #Readingfestival2018 to new voters who couldn't vote in the advisory referendum, but are determined to in future elections #FBPE 
Our Jacob runs a pressure group within the conservative party, called the ERG. That group has already undermined several planned protections for Northern Ireland.They're arguably running Brexit at the point, and therefore the country. 
Nor do you, Keir.And by not opposing #brexit, YOU are complicit in Mogg's aims.Think about that for a moment.It might be useful for a speech you may have to make at the next #LabourNEC, or perhaps in the @HouseofCommons. 
There's no "probably" involved. The enormous destabilisation of UK - Brexit, USA - Trump and Australia owes an enormous amount to the spread of the Murdoch media as well as the millionaires behind #CambridgeAnalytica Social media provides a small counter weight 
Tell you what, Keir. Get off the bloody fence.Oppose #Brexit in all its forms. Challenge Mogg publicly. And, while you're at it, tell your leader to sort himself out over his ambivalence towards the EU, too. 
 Deal or no deal the death knell tolls for the Union either Way. We didn't vote for Brexit and we won't accept it,deal or no deal. 
Travel industry bosses demand progress and a fresh Brexit referendum  
The fact so many leavers are questioning this is a bonus result. Oh it happened. Maybe people don't want brexit anymore. Enjoy brexiteers... X  
Tremendous response at our street stall today at Portobello Big Beach Busk. There were queues to complete the Brexitometer - we needed three! Responses indicate very strong opposition to Brexit. People are angry and they believe politicians are not listening #OptionToRemain 
20,000 bollocks to brexit stickers handed out at the reading festival today. Couldn't have given them away quicker if they were divers. And almost all 17+ registered to vote #fbpe 
And only today the @BBCNews seems to understand what Brexit  means for UK Science but they miss-report it as no deal Brexit being very bad. ANY Brexit does massive harm. Any. #StopBrexit 
The end of the world is nigh - after Brexit:  
OMG someone's dared to write an article pointing out the perils of a no deal Brexit for the EU. Clearly a racist and uneducated and doesn't know what he's writing about. 
Did you hear this wonderful discussion between @JasonJHunter and editor of Brexit Central,? We should hear much more from Hunter  
I do not believe this. Farage, you are a craven liar. You are a disgrace. When we have stopped Brexit you need to go to prison.  
They told us Brexit would break up the UK, now they're telling us it's not Brexit but a no deal that will break up the UK.#Project crying wolf 
1.Sick of the do-gooding talk of MPs stating they'll block a No Deal #Brexit but 'honour' the Ref.There nothing to honour, it was based on lies & illegalities & it now has no legitimacy. MPs need to pull their bloody fingers out & block #Brexit fullstop!  
Leave Means Leave campaign group building £5m war chest to fight 'dilution' of Brexit 
FYI @CllrGareth, this is the Brexitometer from that event in your town today; the people of Carlisle believe Brexit will be bad for their town and want a #PeoplesVote to decide the 'shades of Brexit' as you called it. ignore them at your peril.  
It's amazing to see how the curtain is raised to reveal the real ugly face of #brexit These ruthless people are willing to risk a fragile peace that saved the lives of so many and has created a prosperous Ireland (North and South). Stop the madness.  
the Brexitometer in Carlisle today; people overwhelmingly think Brexit is going badly & will be bad for jobs, the NHS, and their town, and the majority want a #PeoplesVote! so SIGN THEM UP TO THE #FINALSAY PETITION!! what's the point of these Brexitometers otherwise?? 
It's out! Our analysis of what no-deal Brexit means for Horizon 2020 participation.This are the analyses the @Independent and @BBCNews reported today, showing we'd lose access to 45% of top funding (>£500m in value/year) and lose our coordination roles. 
At Fishguard station; only a few trains a day come here. About to board ferry 11 hours after leaving Paddington. Stopped off for great anti-Brexit meetings in Newport & Bridgend, & dispensed 100 copies of my book ‘Saving Britain’! Surging support for ⁦⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ 
Brexit has been an awful learning curve for me.I've always been a great supporter of our politicians.It's just demonstrated how wrong I was. They aren't up to the job.We need root and branch reform. 
Tories are at war.Labour are at war.SNP are at war.LibDems are irrelevant.UKIP appear to have become multiple parties.Greens have a child rapist campaigning for them.....but the EU are unelected drunkards, who WE can do nothing about.#Brexit & let's sort our own mess 1st. 
That the NHS would be better off by £350 million per week after Brexit.  
Make no mistake, this is the post #brexit vista that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg thinks is ok for the Irish border, no thanks #GFA 
Whatever you think of the politics involved, “People’s Vote” has to be one of the most patronising slogans for a second referendum. Who do they think voted the first time - Robots? This smug Centrist marketing speak makes me puke, frankly. 
The anti-brexit crowd are scraping the bottom of the fearmongering barrel  
Oh believe you me  Jacob rees Mogg cares not.  That someone who acts like a malevolent Planter's Mr Peanut can actually be a political force, tells you that the class system is alive and at its destructive best, in Britain. #Brexit  
Tory talk of a border in Ireland is only doing one thing. Making sure we get rid of it once and for all through a referendum on Irish Unity. #UnityRef 
Here's something I don't get: if "respecting the result of the referendum" is democratic, how is ignoring the result of the Good Friday Agreement Referendum democratic?  
100 million earmarked to plan for a UK version of Galileo because after Brexit we will be locked out of it.That money could be spent on health or education or the homeless. What an absolute waste of time and money.  
SUNDAY TELEGRAPH: May orders space race with EU after Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Good move that sticks it to Brussels: signing off around £100 million to "map out" plans for a post-Brexit UK satellite system, with an official announcement due this week - this comes after the EU locked the UK out of the Galileo project for post-Brexit "security reasons"  
But why a deal? Either you are in or you are out. UK was IN with all the OUTS it wanted, but now wants to be OUT with all the INS. It does not work this way. A true out is fantastically detrimental to the UK. Which is why there are no benefits in #brexit.  
Theresa May’s Chequers deal is a setup & a farce. It effectively overrules the Brexit vote. Not only will we pay an outrageous £39bn brexit bill we don’t owe but we will be bound by EU courts & have the EU’s common rulebook ruling over us i.e. customs union & single market..  
What a dangerous fool! I hope Theresa May stops allowing this man to set the agenda on brexit. We're not going to be victims of this arrogance again.  
'@NadineDorries calls for Philip Hammond to get the chop: "Philip Hammond has to go - he’s like a ball and chain on Brexit. Everything Philip Hammond does is to prevent or stop Brexit!"  Support us at  
Deborah speaks for many here who voted in June 2016 EU Referendum not fully understanding the implications of Brexit. All the more reason after two years of a wider debate its time for a #PeoplesVote to settle final outcome of negotiations. 
Significant to hear Shadow Brexit Sec @Keir_Starmer and Shadow Chancellor @johnmcdonnellMP put a #PeoplesVote on the table this week. Now it's on, let's keep it there.At Conference, Labour members can vote for it to be our Policy.Join the growing numbers here and please RT  
Repeats.There is NO SUCH THING as a "no deal Brexit" no matter how often the MSM say there is one.There is only an orderly WTO Brexit. This saves the UK £39billion.Why is this being portrayed as an apocalypse by the media? 
THE OBSERVER: No deal Brexit risks break up of UK, former EU chief warns #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Well said @tom_watson, if the Government hasn't called on the National Crime Agency to investigate Russian links in the EU Referendum then given the evidence the question is why not?Thank you for calling for this   
As it happens me and Tom follow each other. Will Corbyn support this? Will he hell. He’s as complicit as the Tories over Brexit. He is simply unfit to be in a Labour front bench, let alone the leader. It’s a complete cop out by Corbyn. He needs to go and fast. #BrexitFarce 
#Maidstone Brexitometer results today: 98% thought Brexit was going badly; 83% thought Brexit would be bad for jobs ; 91% thought it would be bad for the NHS; 86% were in favour of a #PeoplesVote a public vote on the final Brexit deal. @EK_EuropeanMove @ct4europe @peoplesvote_uk 
"The Brexit collateral damage could be horrendous. The politicians who want this will be long gone, but our kids will be living with the consequences for 30 or 40 years."We've visited both sides of the Irish border and the mood is very, very gloomy  
Well it only took a few weeks, but the GOP candidate Troy Balderson was officially named the winner in the Ohio 12th district.  Add this to news you won’t hear on CNN because it wasn’t a referendum against @realDonaldTrump. 
So the choice is between:No Brexit, SOME unrest and enough social cohesion left to cope with such unrest;Brexit, SHITLOADS of unrest and too bankrupt and fragmented a society to contain it.So if “unrest” is REALLY what worries you, start banging the Final Deal Vote drum. 
Meanwhile, the Remainers will ALSO kick off because the Brexiters have shat all over the country on the promise of rainbow juice and unicorn farts.So; No Brexit: Brexiters kick off.Brexit: EVERYONE kicks off. 
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
If we don’t go ahead with Brexit, the Brexiters will kick off because they won’t get their promised future of rainbow juice and unicorn farts. If we DO go ahead, the Brexiters will kick off when they STILL don’t get rainbow juice and unicorn farts BECAUSE THERE’S NO SUCH THING. 
EVIDENCE OF RUSSIAN INFLUENCE DURING BREXITHere you can read precisely what The Digital Committee of the UK House of Commons has evidence for.More: @20committee @john_sipher @IlvesToomas @michaeldweiss @Kateryna_Kruk @JulianRoepcke @evanoconnell pic.twitter.com/V28U0gczye 
Brexit BOOST for Network Rail as expensive EU regulations set to be DROPPED  
Michael Heseltine backs The Independent campaign for a fresh EU referendum  
Not many up sides to #Brexit but this may be one. People are beginning to focus and ask, again, why we were so misled during #indyref We have a bright future, independent and in the #EU 
I’m not sure what’s more emblematic of the Brexit con: genuine traitors in hock to Russia claiming to be ‘patriots’, or pantomime toffs, actual Lords & billionaire plutocrats claiming to be ‘anti-Establishment’. Probably a dead heat.  
The chequers deal and no deal exclude services - logistics is a service  industry-we’d be unable to send trucks and vans to and from the continent to provide essential goods food and medicines .. it makes me believe brexit won’t happen ! 
The jaw-dropping, balls-out hypocrisy of the Brexit elite as one accuses the EU of wanting to bring back the IRA even as another says it’s fine to go back to the time of the IRA.“Blue passports and the Troubles. How I miss them!”  
Breaking news from #BylineFest. Deputy Labour leader @tom_watson calls for a public inquiry on Russian interference in EU referendum. This is significant.  
Roses are redViolets are blue Brexit’s fucking stupidAnd so are both of you pic.twitter.com/iDWFePWk8M 
Huge support for independence at @theSNP stall at Eid in the Park in Aberdeen today. Lots of excellent conversations had with people worried about the impact of Brexit on Scotland. Cheers to @KevinStewartSNP and @KirstySNP for dropping by! 
Trump is implicated in criminal behavior intended to influence an election that he won. His presidency is illegitimate, and he should be removed from office. Whether @TheDemocrats like it or not, the midterms are a referendum on his impeachment. My latest.  
No-deal Brexit will break up UK, warns Van Rompuy  
Coveney attacks Brexiteer Rees-Mogg over proposal for border checks ' It’s hard to believe that a senior politician is so ill-informed about Ireland and the politics of the #Brexit Irish border issue that he could make comments like these. 
Forgive me, but who the heck cares what @scottishlabour have to say about ANYTHING? They fail Scotland, women of GCC, #WASPI, industry, shipyards, steel, fishing, the Health Service, education, welfare claimants, they support Brexit (we could go on) - they are an irrelevance. 
Herman Van Rompuy: "We could end up with a situation in which the EU27 becomes more united and a United Kingdom less united. This talk about a ‘no deal’ is the kind of nationalist rhetoric that belongs to another era.” 
This chap gets far too many breaks because of a perceived Woosterish image. In reality, he is a dangerous fool #brexit  
Campaign for a massive post-Brexit EU tariff on cider 
What I learnt on Twitter today about Jeremy Corbyn:- he is more popular than Tony Blair- his stance on Brexit is clear- he will definitely win the general election (to be held by the end of the year, apparently)- if I don’t vote for him I’ll have blood on my hands#beertime 
China poised to strike 'top notch' free trade deal with Brexit Britain 
Sign up if you think we should retain EU citizenship whatever happens with Brexit.Please sign & RT this petition! We need one million signatures from residents in at least seven EU nations. Let's make this the most popular citizens initiative of all time! 
Tánaiste @simoncoveney sets the record straight on the #brexit Irish border issue.  
The job of negotiating Brexit should NEVER have been given to a Remainer like Theresa May, a total failure as Home Secretary and now as Prime Minister. She is the biggest appeaser since Chamberlain. It's time to get a Brexiteer into No. 10!  
No-deal Brexit will break up UK, warns Van Rompuy  
Scientists fear loss of half a billion pounds of EU funding after no-deal Brexit  
Worth pointing out, I suppose, in the midst of this is JRM admitting that the technological solutions will not work, that a hard Brexit equals a hard border, that migration is *the* issue, that an open Irish border and a closed Dover border is contradictory. In sum, found out. 
UK will not leave EU. Brexit will never happen. There will be a new vote.Just had to say it 
Thank you to everyone who came to #LYLSummer18 - great talks from Brexit to international solidarity + a workshop on how to build up Young Labour groupsOur priority campaign is unionising young workers in precarious jobs and supporting industrial action   
I just signed a letter telling the Government that, as an NHS professional, we won't stand for Brexit. Join me!  via @HealthierIn 
#Labour’s Deputy Leader calls for proper inquiry into manipulation of the 2016 #Referendum on #brexit  
Ever heard someone explain Brexit using Buffy the Vampire Slayer? #PCP 
Sack Hammond. He’s a ball and chain on #Brexit Promote aspirational Javid to Chancellor. My comments today...   
Philip Hammond warns of a potential £80 billion dent in Britain's finances from Brexit  
Fidelma Cook: Brexit means England will stand alone, Ireland will be united and Scotland will be a nation again  
Brexit is like signing up for an exotic internet bride service only to receive a patched, second hand inflatable turkey. Still, best marry it and give it a good stuffing. Wouldn't want to admit you were conned would you? 
Hear Hear. Ignorance of History and the great injustices perpetrated on the Irish people over centuries coupled to a Brexit British exceptionalism has led to this toxic attitude which puts the GFA and the security of Ireland at risk unless UK is very careful and flexible.  
1/ Right-wing politicians & media are cynically exploiting defensive group psychology.  When frightened, people cling to a group. The group needs to be united & act as one. Asking too many questions disrupts the group & therefore is viewed as bad & disloyal.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
If you haven't followed this man yet,  do. He is a #BrexocetMissile. For 2 years we have witnessed most of the MSM giving a good home to idiot Brexit. Following a direct hit on the bad ship @isaby by @JasonJHunter, Brexiters are in hiding.Seek and destroy! 
Great to see the #PeoplesVote active in Swindon. As more people start to realise the damage that #nodeal or a bad deal #brexit would do to Britain it's more important than ever that we should be given the final say...  
PROJECT Fear made plenty of nonsense claims about the economy in the run-up to the independence referendum, but is it any wonder when their boss makes mistakes like this?  
This is a complete myth. We are in deadlock because of Brexit. Why isn't Lib Dems "streets ahead"? 
Self-styled ‘moderate’ Labour MPs say they will form a breakaway party from Labour once Brexit has been finalised. Once they stare deselection in the face is what they really mean. Given Corbyn’s statements on anti-Semitism, his wreath-laying etc.,why are they still in the party? 
The likes of Mogg was well insulated from the troubles. The same way as he was from any  recession and will be from any fall out of Brexit.Can some able minded British person please explain how the likes of him and Farage are apparently on the side of the ordinary working man? 
Fair play, honesty and pragmatism  are what the UK is known for. This makes the criminals, liars and fantasists of “brexit” just about as un-British as it is possible to be. It is time for us to stop their crackpot “brexit” - and RIGHT NOW 
YES! YES! YES! @LibDems "should seize this opportunity as if an election were being held at the end of the month... The challenge... is not unity or clarity inside the party on their Brexit position, but making sure the rest of the country knows it." 
Labour in the 80s managed to oppose the Tories poll tax (and defeated Thatcher because of it) when they had a 147 seat majority but yet Labour can't oppose brexit where the tories have a max of 10 seat majority? Come off itDo what 80% of labour want you to and get a #PeoplesVote 
Just gave my name in starbucks as 'stop brexit,. As the (remain) barrista screamed out my 'name' repeatedly, the whole place erupted in to applause. Result. Try it. #FBPE @Starbucks 
Where are the plans to stimulate growth, push forward infrastructure projects, deregulate or tempt investors away from the continent? Rather than bashing Brexit, it’s time London-based civil servants and Tory Remainers got over the fact they lost and got on with their jobs. 
The Cambridge #Brexitometer was busy today - Cambridge was always against #Brexit, but today belief in and support for a #PeoplesVote was stronger than it's ever been before. People know Brexit can be beaten!  
The reason Brexit cannot be defined is because it doesn't exist in reality. It is a BELIEF SYSTEM, which is fully dependent on the 'faith' of others to exist - without that it has no power or control. It is a cult that needs to be shut down. #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
August 2018 and this is want people in Ely and surrounding area think of #Brexit . #brexitometer #PeoplesVote 
It's Brexit at any cost for JRM and his ERG chums.We can't let them.  
And after Brexit that trade deal will be gone aswell as all the others. What is holding you back from accepting that Brexit is crap? What has Putin got on the Tory Party? 
Bravo Tánaiste @simoncoveney I find such reckless & frankly ignorant comments shameful. Peace in Ireland should be his priority not hard Brexit. These ERG Brextremists who in reality are arrogant English nationalists will sacrifice anything which doesn't impact them personally!  
Unusually flamboyant goal and celebration from Hard Brexit Maguire. I wonder if he took some party drugs last night? Very out of character for a No Deal Brexit lad like him 
Inspired by a poem I saw recently constructed entirely from auto-completed searches on Google, I've had a go myself. It's called '#Brexit according to Google'.  
Another blow to Brexiters’ reassurances that trading under WTO straight after a no-deal Brexit would be absolutely fine.   
#Brexometer today showing the people of Tring are in favour of a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal, with a clear message to our representatives: LET THE PEOPLE CHOOSE! ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ @peoplesvotehert 
His role in Brexit is breaking up Europe and the United Kingdom, so that his Russian investments prosper. When you look through that lens, everything he says and does suddenly makes sense. Otherwise, it seems bizarre and illogical. 
It’s hard to believe that a senior politician is so ill informed about Ireland + the politics of the #Brexit Irish border issue that he could make comments like these. We have left “the troubles” behind us, through the sincere efforts of many, + we intend on keeping it that way.  
“If the nation should fall for this (Brexit) deceit I can only conclude that the lives of my comrades  .... were lost in vain. They will be rattling their bones, wherever in the world they fell, at the loss of the beliefs for which they fought.”  
Business people, there's no need to worry about planning for #Brexit, as shortly after Brexit, your business will go bust anyway, so just relax, enjoy yourself while you still can.#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival #BrexitReality #BrexitMadness 
Worst Sequel Ever.#BrexitBunch #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Lord-Heseltine-calls-MPs-vote-conscience-Brexit via @MailOnline 
Jacob Rees Mogg has finally made the breakthrough for how we maintain a frictionless @BorderIrish post Brexit – we "keep an eye on it... like we did during the troubles."Who says Eton is a waste of money? 
Brexitometer: Hackney  @HackneyLD  Hackney residents have spoken loud and clear against #Brexit and demand a #PeoplesVote on the final deal.@Geoff_Hackney @lucyvsalek @DrEdLong @LondonLibDems 
The Brexit referendum and @realDonaldTrump have shaken things so much that our invisible masters who have been controlling our lives for decades are breaking cover in their haste to crush the rebellion. There is no freedom folks just an illusion to keep us quiet 
EU citizens! More young people flock to the banner. Clearly you can see literally everyone has changed their minds about #Brexit.  
Rifles pointed in their windows, watch towers, barbed wire, detentions, mass delays across a 500km border with 208 crossings? This man is dangerously ignorant #GFA #brexit  
just remembered that “63 Up” filmed this year and will be broadcast in 2019 and I cannot wait to learn who voted for Brexit and now regrets it 
Jacob Rees-Mogg writes to all Conservative Association chairmen with an exhortation to #ChuckChequers, and a 3-page point-by-point rebuttal of May's #Chequers capitulation plans. Details to follow.#Brexit  
After #PeoplesVoteNE today, a man came up to me and @EmChapman6 and told us that he was inspired by our speeches.That passion is in every young person that wants a #PeoplesVote. Through @FFSake_, we can harness it and do something about the shambles that is Brexit. #FFS 
There is little doubt that the Russians tilted the Brexit vote just as they did our presidential contest. But there is a difference: Britian can do a revote.  
Killed by Leave and their toxic Brexit.  
Possibly the stupidest meme on here is “if all those Remainers had spent their time trying to make Brexit work, think what a success it would be!”As if the only thing Brexit needs to work is a giant steering committee formed of Twitter users fluent in hashtags. 
Brexit is bad for the NHS & bad for your health. @TheBMA believes this is the case & will highlight the issues 
'EU achieved their objective' Leading Tory claims no deal panic is Barnier's Brexit plan 
Great turnout from our group in Wrexham to support the People’s Vote with our own Brexitometer. Thanks for everyone who helped & supported us today. Join our group if you want to get involved with stopping Brexit.  
"We buy more from them than they do from us" was a common phrase during the referendum to suggest we'd get a deal.This means in the WTO solution our existing supply chains are likely be hit harder, and the cost to our economy to realign our businesses will also likely be higher  
No-deal Brexit will be blocked by at least 40 Tory MPs, former Conservative minister says  
Brilliant day in Wrexham with our Brexitometer showing that people in @wrexham support a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal & don’t think negotiations are going well. @IanCLucas opinions are changing in Wrexham. 
Four EU grant schemes: 1. Horizon 20202. ERC3. MSC4. SMEApparently, post-Brexit UK researchers will be ineligible for 2. through 4.And I reiterate my previous: *I do not even read job ads from the UK* right now. 
Get this French nancyboy Puel sacked at half time, Hard Brexit Harry Maguire player-manager second half. 
Just a thought if there were a no-deal Brexit. The same people who have proven to be inept at getting the UK a decent exit-deal, after more than two years, will be the ones that you will be relying on to successfully negotiate every new deal, Worldwide.  
My MP, Mark PRISK (con), told me that the govt has to go with the Referendum result, otherwise there would be rioting in the street. Comes to something when the “natural party of law and order” (their silly description, not mine) kowtows to mob rule. Take back control? 
It is a massive own goal to have the Pope's visit the same year as the referendum. You can see the anger that we couldn't express during the referendum coming out now. There is some catharsis there I hope. Not a great look for the church tho. Very tone deaf. 
#VoteLeaveBroketheLaw Live at #BylineFest @BylineFestBREXIT = VOID#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #EUsupergirl2nd half of song in threadFull video:  
At the @peoplesvote_uk @OpenBritainNE rally this afternoon in Newcastle with @annaturley @TomBlenkinsop @vincecable Brilliant turnout. 400+ there. The North East is no longer a Brexit region #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNE 
so cold!! but we're flying through the petition sheets! people REALLY want a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal!  
The division of the population into 'the people' and the others is a classic totalitarian tactic which dehumanises those who oppose the leaders. It is the rulers, of course, who decide who are the people, and who are their enemies.  #PeoplesVote #brexit 
Well said Owen 1) Cameron won a majority promising a referendum2) The referendum was the biggest vote in British history3) At GE2017, 85% of the votes were for pro-#Brexit parties4) The people know the Chequers white paper does not deliver on three key Brexit pledges  
Today I called on the government to confirm the National Crime Agency is investigating Russian links to . If not, we need a public inquiry. It is time the British people were told whether the EU referendum result was stolen by the Russian state. #BylineFest 
It's a sad fact that the poor and vulnerable will neither survive #Brexit nor a neo liberal centrist government inside the EU. 
I know optimism is a fool’s game, but... what if 2019 is the anti-2016? Brexit abandoned in the face of No Deal. Trump resigns in the face of impeachment. Lots of beloved entertainers are born. (Obviously we wouldn’t find about about the last one for a while.) 
A no-deal Brexit could starve Britain by this time next year, National Farmers' Union warns  
THREAD I was invited to represent and defend my union’s Brexit policy at #LYLSummer18. This has led to individuals groundlessly and libellously labelling me an antisemite. 
4). March with us on October 20 to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteNE 
‘Nobody wants to return to the borders of the past’ they said...‘Everyone wants to avoid a hard border’ they said... ‘Irresponsible scaremongering’ they said... #Brexit  
.@VinceCable calls for 16 and 17 year olds to be allowed to vote on any final Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteNE 
It is staggering, but also depressingly predictable, that some Brexiters are, in one and the same breath, claiming to support #brexit democracy while trying to suppress a #PeoplesVote by brandishing the threat of mob violence. This is how fascists use referendums. #StopBrexit 
If you want to know how much Brexit has short circuited British politics—and basic British decency—look at a European city honouring our assassinated MP while in the UK we scarcely mention, much less face, the awful truth of her murder and what it says about who we’ve become.  
During the Referendum I heard a Tory say the best thing about leaving the EU is getting rid of ‘all this unnecessary health & safety regulation’ & now this? Deplorable! @RMTunion Network Rail looks to save money by ditching EU standards 
Final results of the #Brexit -o-meter just in (we’ve run out of stickers). Pretty conclusive. The good people of #Porty want an #independent #Scotland in #Europe - happy #BigBeachBusk 
New public petition. Please support it. Retweet, share on Facebook as widely as possible. #StopBrexit #FBPE #SuspendA50 #ProjectReality“If no agreement on the Ireland Border can be reached, Brexit must be abandoned.” 
One thing we have gathered from the good people of Droitwich is that they no longer have confidence in #brexit They don't trust the politicians and it is time for a #PeoplesVote .The days most pleasing thing was the number of re-thinking Leavers we encountered. #thetideisturning 
Does anyone else think that all the noise about a no deal #Brexit is smoke & mirrors to make us feel happy about any deal actually made? I don’t want a bloody deal, I want a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain 
"We better not have another referendum we might upset them" overheard, Germany 1933. #Brexit 
Brexit - “just like during the Troubles”  
We've been told Brexit will bring hunger, sickness, pestilence . . . what next — plagues of locusts?  
I have to say that this forensic analysis and critique by Labour of the Government's No Deal Brexit papers is absolutely absent. 
This is devastating and needs to be widely heard. Any time #Brexit advocates face someone with real world knowledge & experience they’re rapidly reduced to incoherent sloganeering. It’s also terrifying. (h/t @campbellclaret) 
A great turn out for today's #PeoplesVoteNE rally in #Newcastle.All over the UK, including here in the North East, the British people are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.For more information, or to join the campaign, visit . 
Trading with the EU on the basis of Most Favoured Nation tariffs and non-discrimination under World Trade Organisation rules wouldn't be the end of the world!We'd gain the Brexit prize of exploiting opportunities outside of this sclerotic, protectionist and cumbersome EU bloc!  
Today is the day KSI shows Logan the meaning Theresa May’s Hard Brexit. Good luck to everyone who isn’t an absolute knobhead 
New polling analysis finds that enthusiasm for Brexit amongst working class voters is fading  
Brexit deal deadline likely to be extended, admits minister  Yes it will be extended indefinitely so PM May and Mr Corbyn can keep picking our pockets of £billions to fund the undemocratic EU. Voters conned yet again. 
Coventry wants a #finalsay on the #Brexit deal  
I never thought I'd see the day when a Labour leader ...1. Shared the same views on Brexit as Donald Trump.2. Got messages of support from the former head of the BNP, and an ex Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.Seriously. #EnoughIsEnough#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Just seen an old lady on the tubeProbably in 70sI could tell she was a remainer because she was smiling rather than looking miserableEventually she came up to me and said I like thatSo I gave her some bollocks to Brexit stickers#StopBrexit 
Truly incredible businesses in NI when asking about effect of Brexit advised to seek advice from Irish Gov in Dublin. not their own government in London. Truly mind boggling abdication of duty. 
Hi @Theresa_May just checking if you actually know that Vote Leave criminally cheated in the EU referendum & if you do actually know that could you please tell me why you haven't fucking stopped Brexit? 
Yesterday's Evening Standard poll showed 84% of Tory voters think the Brexit process is a mess.  Even more tellingly, 51% of voters aged 25-49 want to Remain while only 31% want to Leave.  Brexit is going to destroy Conservative prospects for a generation. Brexit means....Corbyn 
I’m currently on my hols living the high life in sunny Costa del Sol. And I’ll tell ye’ this...I’ll be fair ragin if bloody Brexit buggers up my week in Spain next year. Costa del Cambuslang doesnae hae the same ring to it.Viva Espana!    
On to our last roll of #BollockstoBrexit stickers at #ReadingFestival! 20,000 stickers handed out. People were queuing up for them and signing the #PeoplesVote people. Good to see young people taking their futures into their own hands! With @OpenBritainRead #brexit  
If we retreat from demanding a lawful answer to the corruption and illegality surrounding the first referendum we are surrendering to the far right. Only cowards, appeasers & the corrupt will take such a course, which will harm our society to its core. #StopBrexit 
1- I was invited as a representative @RMTunion to present our policy on the EU and Brexit to #LYLSummer18, unfortunately this has resulted in individuals libelling me as an antisemite. 
Look at this. I can’t even get in to hear @PeterKGeoghegan & @maryftz of @openDemocracy talking about DUP & illicit Brexit funding at #BylineFest... 
The good folk of #Portobello have spoken at the #BigBeachBusk - overwhelmingly for #independent #ScotlandinEurope over #Brexit Britain  
Nearly had a heart attack this morning when I had to pay 90 euros Customs Duty on a $195 parcel from the US. This will be life after Brexit for anyone buying from the EU while in the UK or vice-versa - it will cripple businesses. 
It seems that everybody, whether Leave or Remain, is hoping that their lives after Brexit will not be worse than their lives now. The only difference is that Remain supporters know that there's only one way for that to happen. #StopBrexit 
The leading Brexit thug is now perfectly happy with a hard border and return to The Troubles as long as he gets his way. These people are no friends of the UK.  
John McDonnell warning now of civil unrest if there's a second referendum. So if we do, we risk unrest from "the will of the people". If we go ahead with Brexit, we risk unrest from job losses and food shortages. Unrest seems likely either way. #FBPE 
Please follow us on Facebook for more detail and soon some ways to get involved in fighting against the fake Brexit of the damaging Chequers Plan, which commits the UK to new EU-controlled military rules, policies, budgets and structures.  
I am angry,  I am angry that every month I am poorer. I am angry that my family has been divided by thousands of miles because of Brexit. I am angry that my son in law has lost his job. I am angry at the Daily Mail & Express have spread lies. I am angry that Leave lied & cheated  
#Brexit has a tipping point. We are almost there. Don’t give up. Don’t get off the #Remain side of the see saw. We can only do this together. United, knowing we are on the right side of history and democracy. Have a fab weekend #FBPE peeps#SaturdayMorning #BankHolidayWeekend 
Yes if it would stop Brexit. Much better a Corbyn govt without Brexit than Brexit with Theresa May, Johnson or another Tory. Let’s be very clear about this  
You couldn't make up the Pope's words. Tries to interfere in our democracy by having a cut at the abortion referendum literally seconds after commenting on his organisation's mass rape of our young and the subsequent cover up. How do his balls fit through the Vatican gates? 
Loss of ERC and Marie Curie funding in a no-deal Brexit. Well done @Scientists4EU for highlighting the risk. 
⁦@WD4Europe⁩ ⁦@JeremyWrightPPC⁩ Kenilworth residents strongly in favour of referendum on final deal this morning  
Out in #Brixton this morning talking to people about #Brexit and #PeoplesVote. Passersby overwhelmingly in favour of having a say on the deal and stopping Brexit. @Another_Europe 
Your daily reminder that Brexit will solve none of the problems that brought us Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
ERG is a small minority in Parliament. If MPs veto no-deal, that leaves the government to accept EU’s soft Brexit deal on the table, or economically split NI from the rest of the UK, or call an election on a no-deal platform, or accept a people’s vote to stop this total madness  
British Brexiter living in Spain complains not only about all the immigrants allowed into U.K., but is also angry at Spain letting immigrants into Spain.#brexit is beyond parody. I mean how do you even begin to satirize this?  
Ireland seems to be maturing everyday; unlike Brexit UK obsessed by a fictional past. #LeoVaradkar has just given a powerful, honest, pro-equality speech in front of the Pope. Talked abt Magdalene Laundries & abuse by the Church which has left "stains on our state & society." 
You mean like in the Scottish Independence referendum? 
Double celebration: We thank ChukwuOkike Abhiama puru ime ihe nile for the release of our mothers, and we inaugurate the SHALOM VICTORY ZONE under Abia south senatorial zone Aba province.All Hail BiafraBiafra Referendum Loading with full force.#SupportBiafraReferendum 
The entire trade argument is a red herring. #Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter. 
I voted for leave and now I regret it. We were lured by the empty promises our politicians made and cheated by their threats of EU  workers stealing all our jobs. This has been a shambolic disaster to our country. I hope we can have another referendum to stay in the EU.  
#Brexit is the consequence of incompetent policy decisions by successive govts compounded by Tory austerity. The #EU is not responsible. Those who voted #Brexit need to understand that as we campaign for a #PeoplesVote. 
Does anyone think that if Brexit wrecks the UK economy, that England will compensate Scotland by giving us additional funding at the cost of reduced spending in England? No? So why on earth do so many of you believe that's what's happening now?#GERS 
Brexit.  
BBC reports on our analyses.Summary: No-deal Brexit obliterates half our funding access to Horizon 2020, killing off ERC, Marie Curie, SME grants -and multinational coordination roles. Cost is >£500m a year -but much more in loss of science leadership. 
Even if we had a second referendum and 80% voted to leave, the fact is we cannot contemplate another one. Our democracy is based on a system we follow and it can´t be changed simply because unpatriotic and treacherous people don't accept the will of the people. 
The most annoying man in the history of civilisation is heading towards Wales to annoy the Welsh, who are increasingly annoyed by Brexit. He is then going on to annoy the Irish. But they are VERY annoyed by Brexit, so it’s a matter of sharing the annoyance. #AnnoyBrexit 
“All that elitist Remainers have left is the politics of fear. They want to terrify voters into accepting a Soft Brexit. They have forgotten that we rejected Project Fear first time around, and we will reject it again.”Brendan O’Neill in today’s Sun  
Brexit didn't break Britain it just highlighted all the cracks already existing in our constitutional set up. Something we desperately need to fix. Down with Brexit and bring on political reform!  
This isn't scare-mongering, it simply reflects rhe views across the party divide! Fears over no-deal Brexit 'disaster' for NHS staff and medicine stocks…  via @pressjournal 
Kenilworth wants a vote in the final #Brexit deal.  
There are 2 ways to see the world: 1. An anarchic and violent competition among states whose machiavellic behaviour reflects human's belligerent nature. 2. An interdependent community that needs to promote cooperation to solve global problems. Which does #Brexit stand for? 
I don't agree with the @LeaveEUOfficial campaign. Brexiteers must not fall for this Tory trick again. Conservative membership is falling. They are getting rattled. The no deal Brexit speech backs this up. Don't put money into the Tory coffers to help the Tories stitch up Brexit. 
Jeremy Corbyn, I am fed up with your huge lie. You cannot claim to want to help the most needy, or the many, then at the same time not call out Brexit for the whopping great big disaster that it is... especially to those very people. 
@DurhamGala 100s of @UKLabour land people wanted to wear #BollocksToBrexit stickers inc lots of young people. These local lasses thought Brexit was a breakfast cereal in 2016 but now they know it’s a right-wing fascist coup that will limit their futures  
The most shocking aspect of Labour enabling hard Brexit is its illiberal mood music tailored to the ears of voters it lost to UKIP. Any progressive party that seeks the support of UKIP deserters should take a long hard look at itself & question the reason for its own existence. 
If you believe the rest of Europe is going to a) refuse to sell us medicine post Brexit and then b) watch us die - then my suggestion is you need to have a lie down in a dark room.  
I was so disgusted with the racism/xenophobia that i heard last night in a country pub i got back to my home town and gave my foreign friends a big hug, this country has lost all of its values/respect/decency and moral fibre, i blame the @Conservatives and #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Useful and timely intervention from Nick Boles here. Numerous Tory Remainers have so far voted for a hard Brexit, but will not let the government condemn this country to death. No-deal will not happen, no matter how much the ERG nihilists and nation-destroyers crave it  
1 in 6 people support May's Brexit deal, it's nothing like the promises people were made in 2016. The democratic answer is a #PeoplesVoteThe Far Right can do like everyone else, express their choice at the ballot box. If they bring illegal violence to our streets, lock them up. 
We all are and have been for over two years!´I'M LOSING SLEEP' - Farmers’ Union Chair warns against no deal Brexit on BBC Newsnight 
Does it dawn upon @Jacob_Rees_Mogg to ask why Her Majesty’s Treasury believes that the country might benefit from stopping #Brexit? Could it be that people who actually know something about the economy have the national interest at heart, unlike the squalid #ERG? @Conservatives 
Brexit is bad for FinTech (and let’s not even start with the loss of access to talent)   
Carry on lobbying you MPs , we need a #FinalSayForAllA former Tory minister has warned party hardliners that their “dream” of a no-deal Brexit will be blocked by at least 40 fellow Conservatives. 
Our heads are full of concrete so perhaps we don't understand; is the UK leaving the EU just so Jacob Rees-Mogg can have more moooney? Is there no udder reason? We never herd anyone say the Brexit dividend would only be for JRM.  #CowPuns4EU 
Thing far too many people miss:There is no such thing as “supporting a no-deal Brexit”. A no-deal Brexit is the default. If we don’t want it to happen, active steps have to be taken.  
Politics 2018:Brexit is built on liesNo, some things aren’t trueBoris Johnson is opportunistic hate monger No, He just uses opportunistic hate languageJeremy Corbyn is anti-SemiteNo, He inadvertently uses anti Semitic words in contextDonald Trump is a criminal idiot 
The irksome headlong Brexit rush for Irish passports  
The reason Raab is not convincing now as Brexit Secretary is because he just never understood the implications ...  
"Disenchanted" Farage has a point (1)“There’s no way May is taking us towards a no-deal #Brexit “It keeps lots of civil servants employed and it allows her to pretend that she’s serious about it. She’s not”#StandUp4Brexit 
Amsterdam has a plan to win business from Brexit Britain. It seems to be working  
An old classic strip, for Saturday.On racism and Brexit  
Britain needs an upbeat, aspirational chancellor who wants to embrace Brexit and all it has to offer, not someone who is permanently trying to stop it:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Astonishing. The official regulatory body, the Electoral Commission, finds both Leave campaigns guilty of cheating, refers them to the police over criminal activity yet no pressure is applied by the media to parliamentarians attempting to deliver Brexit.  
Mid-morning here in #StAlbans and a clear pattern is emerging of local opinion on #Brexit  
So much for WTO rules providing a trading safety net - time to stop #Brexit!  
“I can think of 40 Conservative MPs — at least — who will not support a no-deal Brexit. I don’t care how many of my colleagues dream of this in the midnight hour. There are not the parliamentary numbers to support a no-deal Brexit.” via @financialtimes 
“A second referendum before the result of the first is enacted would be a travesty of democracy. The pseudo-democratic language of a ‘People’s Vote’ is an attempt to disguise this elitist, anti-democratic ploy to stop Brexit”, writes Brendan O’Neill 
"Get ten Leave voters and ask them all individually what Brexit looks like to them and you will get twenty different answers."This @RemainerNow explains why he changed his views on #Brexit and now supports a #PeoplesVote. 
Looking at #Brexit, we see 3 priorities:1) staying together as EU272) agreeing on fair deal with the #UK3) getting prepared for the inevitable changes Brexit will bring.All of this is possible. We will spare no effort.@WeyandSabine @GermanyonBrexit 
‘the Referendum result is vitiated by corrupt & illegal practices, & the basis of the decision made by Prime Minister thereby fundamentally undermined. Neither the decision nor notification under Article 50 was in accordance with the UK’s constitutional requirements’#StopBrexit 
What happened to @jeremycorbyn and his "straight talking, honest politics"? While he fudges his answers on Brexit you can demand the final say on the deal and the option to stay in the EU. Add your name:  
'Hard Brexit NOT end of world' – WTO chief TRASHES Philip Hammond warning over no-deal  
Be honest, really honest. In your wildest imagination do you think this woman was ever capable of negotiating brexit? Do you think she ever intended to?.  
NOTE to Trolls.I am NOT interested in discussing what the Labour Leader may or may not have said in the dim & distant past.I AM interested in exposing & challenging the TORY record on Domestic Policy & their incompetent handling of #Brexit#JustSoAsYouKnow 
SIR – No 10’s No-Deal briefing papers have been produced by civil servants who for past 45 years have worked obediently to commands of Brussels.No wonder the documents focus on perils of leaving the EU, with little focus on the benefits for UK to derive. - Telegraph#Brexit #EU 
Post-Brexit, everyone on any EU flight crossing UK airspace will have to send one of these  
Imagine Sunday morning and both KSI and Deji wins, the air smells of fish and chips in the air, god save the Queen in the background, Brexit reigns surpreme 
The boss is organising daily mindfulness sessions for officials in the Department, to assist in bringing positive mental energy to the problems of Brexit.We hope this will help.Meanwhile, we have 60 more technical bulletins to write. 
The Lib Dems have a real opportunity next month to present itself to the country as the only UK-wide party willing to stop Brexit, says @janemerrick23. 
When Gardiner and McDonnell say that a #PeoplesVote risks violence, they saying to the far-right "Step up your threats, step up your violence, they are working, and can get you what you want". That is the politics of fascist mob rule. #brexit 
The job of negotiating Brexit should NEVER have been given to a Remainer like Theresa May, a total failure as Home Secretary and now as Prime Minister. She is the biggest appeaser since Chamberlain.It's time to get a Brexiteer into No. 10!  
Good answer @epaluzie to a disappointing, biased and full of prejudices’ analysis from @TheEconomist A usually rigorous magazine that not so long ago was defending a referendum for Catalonia but now has ceased to be serious about our country  
Calling all truck drivers.When Labour raised fuel duty by a few pence 18 years ago, your protest brought the country to a standstill.Well, what will Brexit do to your jobs? Either end them, or make them hell.It is time. Bring back the blockades. Stop this madness.  
Brexit is a disaster. Who honestly thinks this shower of a govt will get this sorted out in the event of a #NoDealBrexit ? Given their track record so far. Please, tell me. #NHS 
Northern Ireland firms dismayed at May's 'dont ask us, ask Dublin' Brexit advice  
Nigel Farage laments the fact that the political class - almost all of whom backed Remain - have taken control of Brexit and morphed it into something almost unrecognisable in the eyes of Leave voters. Chequers is NOT Brexit - far from it! Support us at  
In a sane world Liberals and Socialists would unite on Brexit. There is little of practical consequence that divides their aims. Both are served unequivocally best by remaining in the EU. Both should wish to fight the malevolence, ignorance and prejudice that took us here. 
Public turning against Brexit and believe it will be bad for the country  
For fucks sake @jeremycorbyn just swallow your gallons of falsely modest pride and admit you don’t think we’d be better off after this version of Brexit happens. You’re not gonna be PM any time soon so be a grown up and stop this shit show b4 my generation is totally fucked by it  
"Here’s to the success of Brexit headbangers"The 17.4 million are not headbangers.They are proud Brits who want to claim their country back from the EU dictators.We have been under the heel of the EU for 45 years.Time to get OUT & get our freedom back. 
Today, more than 40 groups will take to the streets all over the UK for our national Day of Action, to campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.Find your closest event at Today is also the #PeoplesVoteNE regional rally in #Newcastle. 
Referendum reality check.....  
Referendum result is vitiated by corrupt and illegal practices. Basis of decision made by Prime Minister thereby fundamentally undermined. Neither the decision nor notification under Article 50 was in accordance with the UK’s constitutional requirements   
How the Brexit Bunch are seen in Germany - Suddeutsche Zeitung. Or as the Brexit Bunch keep telling us, the “Europeans” are “scared” we make such a Titanic success of it all ....  
Imagine if any attempts to "shape" it hadn't been constantly rejected as "not what we voted for", "brexit in name only", "too many immigrants" etc.  
Sinn Fein won't return to Stormont until after Brexit. They are hoping that the consequences surrounding the border, trade etc....will lead to a border poll and a move closer to a United Ireland.  The people of Northern Ireland deserve more. #getback2work 
My bit on “Eeyore Hammond”, the MIA Lib Dems and your week in Brexit  
I am calling upon all EU citizens living in or outside the EU, British or not, to rise against Brexit. Support @EU27Voices4remainUK in the name of equal treatment in voting rights, and in the name of European Solidarity, Union and Sympathy 
Summary:1. I've changed my mind on Brexit.2. Well, OK, I haven't.3. As a Beeboid I was, naturally, always opposed to it.4. But initially I pretended to accept the referendum result.5. And now I'm not pretending any more.6. Talk about being open-minded!7. That's all, folks!  
No-deal Brexit ‘a lot worse than BBC was ever willing to acknowledge’  
This man has tried to undermine Brexit every step of the way.  
Parliamentary sovereignty is at risk because #Brexit has given power to the executive. The withdrawal act is setting precedent as the enabling act did in 30s Germany.Parliament has to remain sovereign or we face dictatorship.  
The Director General of the World Trade Organization puts to bed Project Fear's claims of armageddon in the case of a 'no deal' Brexit.He's right, it isn't going to be the end of the world, trade won't just stop!Support us at  
When more than 8 in 10 Tory voters think that the Brexit is a mess, we have to ask what we waiting for?  @Conservatives must consider the case for a #PeoplesVote - so join our seminar at the party conference:Mon Oct 1st at 1 p.m.Novotel, Birmingham#C4PV 
Things a work colleague told me about Brexit yesterday:- The government are trying to secretly stop Brexit- The EU are forcing Ireland to remain against their will- The EU are trying to steal our army- The EU elites want to make us slavesI may have shouted at him a bit 
The Times calls for me to go, saying I don’t even deserve to retain my membership. I think I’ll have to start a new party, dedicated to socialism but with a patriotic, post-Brexit feel. I was thinking ‘National Socialists’. Any takers? 
Head of WTO deals hammer blow to Project Fear over No Deal Brexit. “It’s not going to be the end of the world in the sense that trade is going to stop and everything is going to fall down.” 
Brexit is about division. Those leading the frenzy - Farage, Johnson, seem perfectly satisfied for that division to amplify - chaotic & uncontrolled. They are unlikely suffer the consequences. Yet many people will. How can we all try & come together rather than split further? 
Buggered Brexit, highest tax take in 50 years, prison crisis, murder rate through the roof, what does Doris worry about?Plastic bags !VOTE CONSERVATIVE GET AN IDIOT 
This is no-deal Brexit reality for UK science  
: Wait, we used to have free* healthcare?!: They said Brexit would help the NHS: OK: Then the British Medical Association of doctors said we needed a People's Vote as Brexit would be bad: So who was saying it would be good for the NHS?:  
Brexit is already causing harm. It is forecast to cause even greater harm. Much more is known now than in 2016. Surely the public have the right to be fully informed of ALL the risks/benefits & then to choose whether on balance, they wish to suffer that harm. 
No deal #Brexit will hit science funding across the UK in major ways, and even if we got associated country status it would take months/years  
"hard Brexit #mogglodyte fundamentalists"30 years loyal service... canvassing, delivering, phoning, traipsing door-to-door, listening, talking, standing for office, battling to get Conservatives elected... and this is the thanks you get. 
Come drink at ours instead. We love dogs and hate Brexit, which is the right way to do things.  
I hope so - if it stops BrexitThen I become a pussycat again  
Another spectacular own goal looming for the hard line #Brexiteers .....No-deal Brexit 'worse than thought' for science - BBC News  
Excellent thread here by international trade expert @JasonJHunter demonstrating that if we Brexit with no deal the first thing we’ll then need to do is..... negotiate a trade deal with the EU. So there we have it, one for JRM and the classicists, the UK becomes Sisyphus.  
A man for all seasons: #JürgenKlopp “Brexit is not the solution for future problems.“I really think that as long as we stick together as Europeans, everything can be sorted in the future.”  
Great to see that ladybird books have starting preparations for #Brexit  
The government’s ‘no-deal' #Brexit plans warn of credit card fees: my look at the facts behind the headline : #BrexitReality 
So, @UKParliamentThe British Medical Association @TheBMA officially supports a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit dealThe @The_TUC (Trade Unions) want us to stay in the Single Market and its head wants a #PeoplesVoteMost recent polling shows the Public wants a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit necessitated changes to the VAT rules will increase the "tax gap" (tax that goes uncollected) writes @jeremydcape. (And, I'd add, will also deliver a one off hit to public finances as VAT collection is delayed). 
Another major international conference where I learn that talented academic colleagues are leaving UKor simply not considering jobs in UK b/c of #Brexit and #Brexituncertainty Our world class universities are being damaged. What’s the plan to counter this erosion?  @DamianHinds 
Brexit deal or no deal: What about my pension?  
Can the City of London survive Brexit? Banks are preparing for the worst and are pretty sure they'll lose much of their freedom to trade with the EU  
A #PeoplesVote does not automatically overturn the referendum result. It is an opportunity for all voters to decide if they want to accept the deal proposed by the government. Why is that undemocratic? And if people don't accept the deal why should there be civil unrest? 
No-deal Brexit 'worse than thought' for science  
What do the 17.4 million Brexit voters do in this fellow's hare-brained scenario? Meekly bow down before their moral and intellectual betters, accept having their democratic decision reversed and joyfully consent to being ruled by those who claim to know what is best?  
This is true. Neither Parliament nor the electors in the referendum made the decision to leave that was notified by ms May. She decided on her own. Relying exclusively on the fraudulent referendum.  
Here's a good one.   UK certification authorities will no longer be recognised with a no-deal Brexit.   So if you are a truck driver qualified to drive dangerous goods, food stuffs etc your accreditation won't be recognised outside the UK until you've got new qual from EU state. 
A lot of Dutch can speak 4+ languages fluently... Dutch, German, French, English plus maybe Russian, Italian or Spanish. The EU is a very different place when you can communicate effectively with people from so many other countries and cultures. #Brexit 
And that's just one.   Many still don't understand Para 3. of Article 50.   "ALL THE TREATIES  CEASE TO APPLY".   Cannot emphasise how important it is for people to read the EU Preparedness Notices for Brexit.  
this actually made me cry. Due to Brexit my Belgian husband has to leave Scotland. Later, when we've money to do so, daughter and I will follow. I've no doubt we'll be welcome in Belgium. Just, Scotland's *Home* and I don't want to leave...being torn apart by Brexit.  
It’s not a #PeoplesVote it’s a referendum to try and overturn Brexit . No! We’ve made our minds up and we’re leaving the European Union. Hard line remainers you lost! Suck it up. 
As UK buys far more from the EU than the EU buys from UK. Let the EU come to London and ask UK for a deal the day after we have a no-deal Brexit.  
Some of our politicians today are creating “a dynamic where the whole of British politics is held to ransom by the demands of the most right-wing and irresponsible people in it. It is a terrible mistake. Nothing tolerable will ever satisfy them.” #Brexit  
Currently when we trade in services and goods we are zero rated for vat - for instance if I get a PL company to carry out a job to the UK there is no vat - post brexit I’ll pay vat and have to claim it back and pay a 3rd party to get it back - waiting months .. more expense 
Brexit: Conservative anger at Philip Hammond's 'dodgy project fear'  
There is no sensible solution to BREXIT. Indeed there is no economic benefit or material well being for NI out of BREXIT.The DUP represent around 24% of the eligible NI electorate not all of it & certainly do not speak for the Citizens of NI.Guff: 
Good morning Coventry!  Today's the day when you can tell us how you feel about Brexit at our street stall in Broadgate.  We'll be there from 12pm to 4pm, so please come and have a chat! #PeoplesVote 
We expose the 'Little Europeans' - "How the EU Trades With Itself".Another great perspective for all voters, from the #Brexit Facts4EU team:  
I sat through a House of Lords debate where a Tory Brexiter said more child abductions was ‘a price worth paying’ for Brexit. I have rarely seen the Lords more angry  
All that said, my overwhelming thought is ... I want to shut up and listen. Far, far, FAR too many people who aren't Jewish are weighing in on this. That includes by the way people whose primary motivation is toppling Corbyn be it because of Brexit or internal Labour matters. 
Brexit: Expectation vs Reality  
UK scientists will lose half a billion pounds of EU funding after no-deal Brexit...and from that  lose ability to influence key projects. The loss will jeopardise research into cancer and other health treatments. What are we doing people? We need to stop this madness #StopBrexit 
This is >£500m *per annum*, to be clear.If no-deal Brexit stops ERC, MSCA & SMEi grants from being signed from end March 2019 all way through to last H2020 grants signed in around April 2021, that’s a loss of over £1bn of high-value grants we’d otherwise have got.  
These must be listened to, they are key to our safety and health. It’s not politics, it’s common sense and we must not let Brexit happen. Sign up for a @peoplesvote_uk  your voice must be heard. 
I will tell ye this son....Yer bum’s oot the windae on Brexit.  
Yes. And the practice of Family law, with reciprocal recognition and enforcement of Contact and Maintenance arrangements throughout the #EU under Brussels II etc, will be badly affected by #brexit... 
The great promised Brexit dividend is finally revealed for what it is. Don't know whether to laugh or cry.  
"⁦@theresa_may⁩ faced Conservative dismay over #Brexit today as a poll showed more than half of the party’s supporters do not expect Britain to get a good deal"It's that pesky #ChequersPlan again....Remember to ask your MP to #StandUp4Brexit 
At least 40 Tories will block a no deal Brexit. That's why Jeremy Corbyn must listen to the overwhelming majority of his members and get behind a People's Vote. . 
Remainers please remember not to be suckered into the deal or no deal debate. Brexit must be DEFEATED. Any deal this shabby, disastrous goverment arrives at will be worse than Remain.#NoBrexit 
Sickening!!!British Politician Arrested in London for Quoting Winston Churchill in Public! (VIDEO)#MayMustGo #MEGA #NoMoreMuslims #NoMoreSocialists #SocialismKills#Brexit Vote @BorisJohnson  via @gatewaypundit 
The UK has been repeatedly conned about the Brexit economic dividend and it will be very unlikely the UK with a hard Brexit or no deal will tread water let alone prosper out of the EU. The penny is finally dropping with the public that it doesn't automatically trump the € cent!  
What was true during the referendum campaign is still true today: that no version of Brexit can be more beneficial to trade with the largest single market in the world, the EU, than membership of that single market. 
I’ll tell ye this....Brexit has gone doon the swanny. We’ve gone from a lying bastard bus havering on aboot giving £350 million a week tae the NHS to a government bawbag trying to calmy doony us that we’ll still be able to munch on BLT pieces after Brexit.pic.twitter.com/DUq4RJewlf 
Will the Tories betray the DUP to avoid a no-deal Brexit? Would you trust the British government? 
Farage didn't have an MP bit got a referendum vote.You have a massive lobbying opportunity and would engage huge support if you made this a focus.Stop making excuses 
Seems a very generous interpretation @fiachkelly, there will be no backstop if there is no deal & a WTO rules scenario?“backstop commits both the EU and United Kingdom to ensuring there is no hard border in Ireland even in the event of a no-deal Brexit”  
John McDonnell warns second EU referendum could prompt far-right violence. Far Right ? He means 17.4mn people who won’t be undermined by traitors to democracy like him!  
Please sign this EU European Citizen's Initiative to allow UK citizens to keep EU citizenship after #Brexit.It gives the right to travel and live anywhere in the EU.1 million signatures means MEPs debate and vote on it. Please sign & retweet 
The Brexit vote hasn't helped Britain’s inequality problem. CEOs earned 145 times more than their average worker in 2017  via @bopinion 
'Hard Brexit NOT end of world' – WTO chief TRASHES Philip Hammond warning over no-deal 
The irksome headlong Brexit rush for Irish passports  
Still can’t believe we are so dumb as a nation to have not seen this sort of outcome from Brexit. People’s vote please.  
Is it me or has the #Remain cause grown exponentially whilst the #Brexit one deflates by the day? It's now only the Govt, the Opposition & an army of fakes sustaining it & preventing its collapse.They've nothing new to offer to justify this #BrexitShambles.#FinalSay #StopBrexit 
We shld remember the Labour Party was also whipped to back Govt A50 line w/o due diligence so the charge of negligence can be laid on both main parties albeit more on the Govt.I regret it's taken so long for the media to take #Brexit seriously & challenge the BS. Great Thread 
Update: @BrexitBetrayal, captured at the top of this thread as a Mr. "John Johnson" - yet with Cyrillic in "his"profile - is now an unattractive woman. #Diversity #Brexit  
Pierre E. Trudeau moved Canada from having a public debt to private debt in 74 without a referendum on it approx 70% of our debt is from compound interest 3 times what it should be. Both big C and Little c conservatives this should be a issue to switch it back. It's a no brainer 
Brits who blame the rise of racism and xenophobia on Brexit and Russia are the most delusional people on earth. You dumbfucks your nation was built on racism and xenophobia 
“With B.C.’s referendum on electoral reform coming this fall, I’ve tried to keep an open mind and listen to views in favour of FPTP so I can vote responsibly. I find, however, that all of the arguments I come across are either easily rebutted or simply untrue.” #PR4BC #bcpoli 
I feel like non-Brits are not aware of how fucked Britain is about Brexit, so let me just give yall a quick summary: the government doesn't know what the fuck it's doing. We're sort of struggling towards collectively realising that no EU deal is gonna happen 
Talking past each other - We are wasting the short window we have to lodge the one solution that can avoid a bloody mess and satisfy the referendum mandate. Instead of seeking solutions this has become a fight to the death and a zero sum game.   #Brexit.  
Brexit: a lifestyle choice - where facts have no value, accuracy is afforded no premium, and opinions are awarded the status of fact, any view on the consequences of a "no deal" Brexit takes on the mantle of a lifestyle choice...  … #Brexinfo. 
Europe must save the British from themselves on Brexit  
Corbyn is pro Brexit anti Semitic anti working class anti aspiration, anti everything I thought @UKLabour stood for. What is he good for ? 
A no-deal Brexit could make most of us poorer – and Jacob Rees-Mogg richer#BrexitBadFellas 
Brexit’s starting to look like the time I ran away from home when I was twelve. 
Thus far in this silliest of seasons we’ve had- Brexit means we can’t make sandwiches- Brexit means we’ll run out of spermJudging by the obvious system being used next up is- Brexit means no staplers- Brexit means no stock cubesAnd so on. 
In 2012 I was one of the GamesMakers, so proud to welcome the world to our tolerant and inclusive multiracial country. I did not believe then that we could sink as low as Brexit is dragging us in 2018. The EU is our greatest protection against the hard right that is stealing /1 
UK no longer sees October as deadline for #Brexit deal  
Imagine this. A whole, entire country voted against Brexit but are being forced to leave the EU and destroy relationships, trade, prosperity, jobs and futures of our youth. No, it's real. #DissolveTheUnion #getoffyourknees 
So cross at this, if I had the money I would move to the EU tomorrow. How dare they use their privilege to deny me mine. Do they not know they will be screwed with a no deal Brexit  
Under no-deal Brexit, we’d lose out on 45% of our Horizon 2020 funding lines (ERC, Marie Curie & SME Instrument) - equivalent to over £500m a year... according to analysis by Scientists for EU.And we’d not be able to coordinate EU multinational projects. 
Agreed. The same here. Let me put it like this. If senior politicians continue to use the threat of mob violence as a justification for blocking a #PeoplesVote then some Remainers will conclude that threats of violence have become necessary & effective tools in #brexit politics. 
I’ve joined. I don’t agree with Labour’s stance on Brexit, but I’m even more concerned by the smear campaign set up just as the Netanyahu regime ramps up its legal, political and physical attacks on a disempowered and vulnerable people. Utterly cynical. 
I think we can say that Brexit has never been about helping the vulnerable, it is about racism, hatred of authority, envy, a desire to change the system and as many other things as there are Brexit supporters. It is not a noble idea, but it is dressed up as one. 
McDonnell backs claim that a #PeoplesVote risks social unrest.  So the Labour view is that mob rule should trump democracy. This is the politics of fascist thuggery. #brexit #StopBrexit 
Debate turns to #Brexit, as it invariably does, but @ajcdeane nails a massive point about the WTO.We must shore up our position with the WTO & start talking to them. We may not wish for #NoDealBrexit but we MUST prepare for it.#SkyPapers 
I find it ironic that Brexit was brought about to try and solve an internal Tory alpha male fight and will result in the destruction of the Tory party itself. Unfortunately, irreparable damage will have been done to the innocent people of this union in the process. 
.@JasonJHunter is very quickly becoming one of the most effective tools of the Remain campaign.An expert armed with facts leaving a trail of brexiters in his tail.#brexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit secretary heads to Brussels for talks as October deadline slips. What can the UK government compromise on in November that they couldn't compromise on in October? 
I have now heard every permutation of every leaver’s “argument” in favour of Brexit. From irrelevant trade deals with tiny countries, to Brussels “exploding” to increased sovereignty which will not only decrease but doesn’t help anyone. There is not a single gain from Brexit 
we're not asking for a second referendum  we're asking for a FIRST referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal, to check it's better than the deal we have now.because, if it's not, why on earth should the people accept it? nobody voted to be worse off in every conceivable way. 
Day 541 of nobody willing to take charge in NI. DUP support a disastrous, divisive Brexit, oppose Irishness and can't meet the Pope. SF tout a united Ireland that is still unworkable. The UK govt ruthlessly prioritises party interest.  Warnings are flashing: we need better - fast 
Ben Jennings  on Jacob Rees-Mogg comparing Chancellor Philip ‘Remainer Phil’ Hammond to a dog returning to his vomit after he published an anti-Brexit letter, allegedly without Downing Street’s consent.– political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Dear BBC,I no longer wish to receive your anti-Brexit channels but cannot find the "block" button on my remote control. Could you please arrange to block your channels from my TV forthwith and refund the unused portion of my licence fee accordingly.Thank you. 
I will tell you this Brexiters. See Brexit? Brexit is the fucking Shawshank Redemption, but with more tunneling through shit and no fucking redemption. 
People like Adonis and others are too dense to understand why people voted Brexit Gerard. It was as you say: "Flooding Europe with immigrants from another continent is absurd." Demands on infrastructure and understanding our civilised way of life is a problem and not their fault.  
Over three quarters of @UKLabour voters think the UK was wrong to vote to leave the EU. A #PeoplesVote is the members’ choice and our voters’ choice - we’ve seen what Tory Brexit looks like and the damage it would cause. #StopToryBrexit 
Fascinating package on @BBCNewsnight about fruit and veg production and lack of agri workers in this country after Brexit. THIS is going to be the thing that matters most to ordinary households, because when our supermarket shelves are emptied we will notice it more than anything 
Trashing the pound hasn't helped to attract EU workers for farms or anything else.Nor has making EU workers feel unwelcome in our xenophobic country. If #Brexit happens the Brexiteers might have to step back even further than they're hoping: to those days on slavery.#Newsnight 
Because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw Because #VoteLeaveCheated Because #VoteLeaveLiedBecause #LeaveEUCheatedBecause #Brexit will break the UKBecause #Brexit is for the fewBecause #Brexit damages livesBecause #Brexit will ruin the GFAI have more...#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll 
Just once I wish the main players who advocated Brexit could be forced to sit down in front of the British people and explain how on earth they expect things to legally work once we have left the EU. They need to be forensically challenged. 
If we crush Brexit & have a big party, shall we invite Brexiters? 
I'm not having it that the UK would be short of sperm donors in the event of a Hard #Brexit. Millions of wankers voted for it. 
the last time 1d were together as a band obama and david cameron were still in power and now we're stuck with trump and theresa may and the uk government is collapsing as no brexit deal has been finalised so in conclusion everything has gone to shit since 1d went on hiatus 
Sat on the balcony listening to the roar of Atlantic surf in the cove, musing over the world. As it dawns on everyone that no deal is coming, Trump and Brexit are one, and that Russia hammers wedges into every fissure of society, I am at peace. Twice in a lifetime is enough. 
This is very good: and important (forgetting about VAT is one of the seven deadly sins of Brexit).  
7/ cheaper places to buy from starting right now, well before 29/3/19 on Brexit day.   If you truly think that people will pay xtra just to "buy British" you simply don't understand what's actually going on in the world. If you haven't read them yet... 
5/ to stop it ASAP.   Why?  Because under international trade Treaties all over the world we WILL be treated as a global pariah.  The cost and complexity of buying anything from the UK post-Brexit will be more than its worth.  There isn't much that we make that is unique... 
I'm coming towards the end of a career spent regenerating the poorest areas. A few weeks of Brexit and all the good I've done over the last thirty-five years will be undone. I'm really fucked off too. #StopBrexit 
Why can’t you all just ask these MPs whether they still believe the referendum was democratic if it was won by breaking the law instead of these asinine self-aggrandising questions which don’t actually tell you anything except what we already know? I’m tired.  
tldr; Referendum is invalid because both Leave campaigns broke the law.@theresa_may has the obligation to rescind Article 50 and stop the UK from leaving the EU, because the leaving can't be based on electoral crimes. It's unconstitutional. 
Permanent EU citizenship could be a reality post-Brexit.  
I say regularly that #brexit is a cross party issue & partisan politics must be put aside.I'm followed by people of all parties & none. #RemainerNow folk come from all parties & none. I will celebrate any MP opposing brexit & criticise those not.So this is good to see.  
This Brexit business is a pile of utter shite. It’s just a bunch toffee-nosed numpties pretending that Britain still rules the fucking waves and a bunch of people who hate Johnny Foreigner. I’ll tell you what Brexit means...Brexit means no fucking week in Benidorm for me in 2019. 
We go live to HM Treasury's release of it's latest Brexit  'forecasts'  
Brian Adcock on the different viewpoints amongst top tory ‘tosspots’ of what a no-deal brexit could mean. #DominicRaab #BrexitShambles – political cartoon gallery in Putney  pic.twitter.com/ULYpGY5uRv 
Here I am. Little old me deep in thought over Brexit. Soft Brexit? Hard as nails Brexit? Viagra Brexit?Nah. What aboot nae Brexit?  
Imagine how good it would be if Brexit hadn’t been a possibility, having been created by people lying about the EU and raising unsubstantiated fears for 40 years.  
UK “stands to lose around half a billion pounds of annual European science funding in the event of a no-deal Brexit, jeopardising research into cancer and other health treatments”.So did anyone genuinely vote for this when they voted to leave the EU?  
‘Can't name ONE advantage of being in EU!’ Salmon tycoon claims Brexit will have NO impact  
A customer tonight said “after Brexit, we will just be like Greece, only without the climate” that’s an interesting prospect. 
Corbyn's support base are people who are, largely, unemployed & inexperienced. There is no reasoning with them, Corbyn & Co survive by selling them moon shine. They're deluded, angry, foolish & potentially very dangerous indeed. The Tory catastrophe over Brexit is helping them... 
This  is Massively, Massively Important!!A legal Challenge against the PM and #Brexit - main gist of argument: TM invoked #Article50 alone and against British constitutional law.Thanks @A50Challenge keep up the good work 
'It's utter twaddle' Tory MP Redwood rips into Hammond's 'completely wrong' Brexit warning  
Hello@Jacob_Rees_MoggYour job is not to make stacks of from a No deal crash and burn #BrexitYour job is to do what is best for your constituency, country and UK.Now, as the Australians say, do your fucking job. 
Oh. Isn’t that the same argument that Barry Gardiner and john McDonnell were just using. Civil unrest if we don’t push through #Brexit. How interesting that #Trump and Brexit are cut from the same cloth. And it sure as hell isnt #democracy. We need to #StandUp2Brexit & Putin 
#Tory #Voters SAY Anti-#BREXIT EU SNAKE #PhilipHammond MUST be SACKED! @theresa_may @PhilipHammondUK #BBC #SKY @theresa_may @PhilipHammondUK #BorisJohnson #TheresaMay #Boris4PM #MayMustGo @ConHome @Conservatives @andreajenkyns @BrexitStewart @DCBMEP #ConservativeParty #Tory 
Failing to oppose Brexit is against the express wishes and interests of our members and supporters.Where exactly does a socialist party go that triggered A50, watched as living standards fell and stayed silent as jobs were lost.Nowhere, we'd say, and rightly so.#PeoplesVote 
The TRAITOR #PhilipHammond a Political WORM trying to DESTROY #BREXIT!  One of the most disliked individuals in the #ConservativeParty by #Conservative #VOTERS! #TheresaMay MUST SACK this WORM NOW! #BBC #SKY @theresa_may @PhilipHammondUK #BorisJohnson #TheresaMay #Boris4PM #Tory 
DEADLINE TO AGREE ON BREXIT IS SAID DELAYED BY 4 WKS: TELEGRAPH 
Why a no deal Brexit would be a disaster for Britain. My column for today’s Metro.  
Great deal. And #Brexit hasn’t even happened yet  
The Independent: British scientists to lose £500m in no-deal Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
I wish i could promise to vote for a MAGA candidate, but i live in Britain-however i and all the Brexit voting Brits are with you in spirit. Your fight to keep Trump in power is the same as our fight to break from the EU. Our prayers go with you. 
Found in a box in the attic:The #Brexit Cowboy - he's shot away both of his feet#PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit 
That's why we're showing it. Rather than address the quota cause the EUs banning the discard symptom.As of 2019 when you exhaust your lowest quota you must stop.It will bankrupt half the fleet. That's why we need Brexit & new discard free policy to protect fish and fishermen.  
Saying the far right will cause social unrest if we oppose Brexit is akin to saying the bosses will close down the firm if we strike for better pay and conditions.At which point our Labour Party renders itself meaningless.#PeoplesVote 
If the UK Parliament paid for a state of the art TV for all our MPs it would be a national scandal and everyone of any and every political persuasion would condemn it.Will all the remainers and #PeoplesVote supporters condemn this?#Brexit 
I'm struggling to find energy to tweet, it's all the same, the snakes in government are ignoring our democracy re #Brexit various diverse newcomers are dragging our once proud country back to medieval times and most of the population choose to ignore what's happening and watch tv 
They wanted Brexit, they got it. They wanted Hard Brexit, they got that too. They wanted No Deal Brexit, they might well get it. Now they want No deal with no preparations.These people are mad. They can never be bargained with, reasoned with or bought off.  
Philip Hammond warns of a potential £80 billion dent in Britain's finances from Brexit  
Brexit is dead dead dead dead dead. 
Thinking of moving to the EU post brexit ? - don’t forget at present we have FOM - look at what you have to do to move personal effects into Switzerland ....  
‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after Brexit, says WTO boss  
Leavers I ask again, if Brexit is anything except disastrous, why isn’t the government publishing papers detailing all the gains? Or even a single gain? 
BREAKING: Labour has announced that in the event of a no deal #Brexit, another vote could be implemented in an obvious attempt to overrun Brexit.Disrespect 17,4 million people and expect no repercussions? I don't f**king think so. 
WTO warns on disruption to UK of no-deal Brexit via @FTSo much for the Brexiters’ fatuous argument that we can just fall back on WTO terms. Just another ‘mistruth’ 
Brexit is a shambles. Stockpiling of medicines, thousands of jobs at risk, the NHS in crisis (and not just from Tory cuts) and an abysmal rise in hate crime.                                               I’ve had enough, have you. Time for a people’s vote. #FFS #PeoplesVote 
It truly is quite pathetic that members of the @UKLabour shadow cabinet are suggesting that blocking Brexit risks violent disorder from the far right.They're small in number. And when did the left fear the far right rather than fight them? You absolute melts.#StopBrexit 
I'm so sorry that you have to put up with this, Timo. It's simply unacceptable. Not that it's any consolation, but millions of us Brits *hate* Brexit and everything it represents as well. We're doing our best to fight it. The very best of luck to you and yours #StopBrexit 
This is literally beyond parody. Two years + after the referendum and six months out from Brexit day and the Leavers *STILL*HAVEN’TBOTHEREDTOACTUALLY L E A R NA  N  Y  T  H  I  N  G  .  .  .  
I’m not fighting #Brexit so Britain can get back to being a lovely liberal paradise. I’m fighting Brexit because it’s an extension of all that’s bad about Britain - from slavery and empire to neoliberalism and our cultural arrogance. #StopBrexit 
Maybe @DominicRaab's rather sweaty performance yesterday when he laid out the many thousands of extra UK Civil Servants that will be hired as a result of #Brexit reflects his embarrassment that he was so wrong. Could be the first of many mea culpas.  
The New European are giving adverts for free if you moan about #Brexit1 They must be struggling to sell advertising space2 Can't they get businesses to agree with them without bribing them?3 If you are currently paying for adverts in this failing rag then you've been had!  
Since when was Rees Mogg an expert on the economy of the UK or anywhere else? I simply don't understand why the media ask him to comment on economic matters relating to Brexit. Blind belief is *not* the same as any kind of expertise 
All evidence pointing the same wayPublic all over the country prefer no Brexit at all to any on offer  
"It's utter twaddle" - Philip Hammond's Project Fear Brexit warning is completely wrong, says former adviser to Margaret Thatcher:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Gavin Esler is right here : Jason J Hunter is very convincing on the issues that face the U.K. in the event of No Deal Brexit. Basically it will kill many businesses in the U.K. due to new red tape and bureaucracy. Please read this thread.  
Huge thanks to @JustineGreening who spoke to my @St_Rochs Senior Modern Studies pupils about #Brexit #independence #federalism & #socialmobility amongst others topics. It was an honour to have you in the class today!Thanks also for the inspiring words for the pupils. #persistance 
No biggie. Bond fans all have Brexit to look forward to. That, and being paedophiles. 
Britain is told it risks trade disruption from a no-deal Brexit because it's "very unlikely" to have agreed tariffs in time  
Jacob Rees-Mogg burns Philip Hammond in typical Mogg fashion: “The Treasury is desperate to stop Brexit. Everything the Treasury does has to be read in this light.”  Support us at  
No-deal #Brexit? Here are 7 experts on what the government’s latest advice means: 
Britain issued advice to companies on how to deal with a 'no-deal' #Brexit. The key theme? More red tape, explains @WJames_Reuters  
This would be satisfying if it wasn't so serious. A clueless Brexiteer and the very quotable comment 'You don't believe in democracy, you just believe in Brexit.'  
BREXIT supporter and Conservative MP John Redwood has ripped into Philip Hammond’s warnings surrounding the UK leaving the European Union with no-deal - ‘It’s utter twaddle’..  
Tory Brexit - DISASTER for all but 1%. the rest of us will be back to Dickensian times unless we have #GE2018 and a labour brexit.#Toriesout 
Why nobody believes that the U.K. is ready for a “No Deal” Brexit: There would be plenty of laws and rules governing Britain’s third-country relationship with the E.U. They would just be terribly disadvantageous to the U.K. 
It's Britain's working-class that is getting shaky on Brexit  
Anti-Brexit group set up to campaign for Stirling to remain in the EU  
Why are people freaking out about no deal Brexit?As long as you're male, under 40, over 5'10, and know how to use a baseball bat you'll be grand for at least the first 48 hours 
What Leave are asking you to do is to sign up to decades of boring, decisive and pointless negotiation. They will leave the UK weakened and you, and your kids poorer. Leave had their chance. They blew Brexit. Time for the grown ups.  
The key points I took from the session with @carolecadwalla and @lukeharding1968 at @BylineFest are…1. There is a plethora of compelling evidence of criminal activity relating to Brexit campaign2. Many trails lead in the same direction as for the Trump campaign…#BylineFest 
Promised Tatiana a romantic film when I get back from Southampton away tomorrow. What a No Deal Brexit season this was! Cheers bob  
Listen to a glorious 10 mins of @JasonJHunter battering Brexit Central with a Fact storm of epic proportions.Epic...  
@nickreeves9876 Remember those Leave scare ads about Turkey joining the EU?  Well here's a turn up.  In President Erdogan's 100 day plan as Executive president, is a plan to increase links to the UK post-Brexit, including visa free travel  to the UK for Turkish nationals. 
This week's @theipaper cartoon...#BankHoliday #PhilipHammond #Brexit #JacobReesMogg 
Yes. I just said similar. #Brexit is simply and fundamentally wrong. There are absolutes. When people make a wrong decision, one that harms more than it helps, you don’t humour them by pretending it has merit. That is patronising and it increases the harm. #StopBrexit 
Ben here voted leave but like so many he now sees what #brexit really means and is a #remainernow and wants a #PeoplesVote on the #brexit deal.Respect to Ben, it's ok to change your mind.  
Social unrest fed the far right in the first place @johnmcdonnellMP. People forgotten and downtrodden by poverty pay, zero hours contracts and austerity.Brexit only feeds the far right, let's campaign for a #PeoplesVote on a platform of change and hope. 
Never forget. A Tory Brexit is very different Brexit to a LAB one.Tories want to diminish workers rights.Severely blunt democracy.Sell off the NHS to the US healthcare system.Cosy up to Trump & the US economy.Never equate a Tory Brexit with a LAB one.....!  
10k sample YouGov poll finds clear margin for remain if there was new referendum. Fewer 2016 Leave voters would do the same than 2016 Remain ones  
Thanks to Biafrans, Israeli brothers and activists on social media for campaigning to free #IPOB women.@netanyahuThey have regained freedom. #FreeBiafra@nlitvin@AmnestyNigeria @AmnestyIsrael support Biafra  Referendum  
It's great news @PeoplesMomentum are to openly consult members on Brexit and a #PeoplesVote Their mission for @UKLabour to be a "more open, democratic, member-led party" is right, members must decide policy on the most important issue in 70 years. 
John McDonnell warns second EU referendum could prompt far-right violence  
I have spoken go many businesses of all sizes. The clear message from them was just get on with it. The last thing they want is the uncertainty and delay of another referendum  
The #Brexit negotiations are not going well, but here's a stock photo of a couple on a beach enjoying themselves, to make it look like everythings going well. No deals better than a bad deal.#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival #BrexitReality #BrexitMadness 
HERE WE GO. Momentum members are calling for an internal vote on a second Referendum. What part of we've already had a vote don't they get? Britain is lost if these awful people should ever achieve power. They are hungry for it. We must make sure they don't get it. #CorbynsCult 
Oh dear. More "economic forecasts" from HM Treasury - this time on "no deal" #Brexit. Take with pinch of salt. Remember the last one in 2016: #Brexitvote would lead to recession & 500,000 increase in unemployment. 
The constant cry from Corbynites is that it’s those who won’t vote Labour over its stance on Brexit who are keeping the Tories in power. Of course another thought is that it’s Corbyn keeping the Tories in power by his inability to appeal to a sufficient breadth of the electorate. 
Bob Moran on Bake Off and Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I just got the bus home and a group of senior citizens were talking Brexit. One actually said: “It will teach youngsters the value of hard work.” Yes folks, it’s Dad’s Army: The Revenge! 
So Brexit f***wits: Getting a deal from the EU was easy, now we're stockpiling food and medicine. Then the WTO became the bees knees and that's going wrong too. When are you going to admit you haven't got a clue what you doing?  
The damage caused by a no-deal Brexit would swallow up half of England’s entire health budget - says the Chancellor Philip Hammond. By 2033, Britain could be borrowing up to £80 billion more a year, if we have to rely on WTO rules! #BrexitShambles 
We will be talking about you on @lbc you can be certain of that. enjoy cunard and see you when youre back...the bad boy of Brexit wants to become the bad of boy of the Tory Party  
Trying to imagine. Given that I’m not the PM or the Chancellor who are both remainers trying to shape Brexit (very badly but then they’re bound by even bigger dickheads), I’m not sure what I was supposed to do. Convene a Morris Dance? Whistle Nimrod while I shit?Keen to help.  
Brexit:  
UK fertility clinics will face a sperm shortage if the country leaves the EU without a Brexit deal, say government documents. Denmark is one of its main suppliers of donated sperm.  
Labour voters and youth turn against Brexit in North East @InFactsOrg 
THIS!!   it's the monthly anti-Brexit NATIONAL DAY OF ACTION tomorrow; take to the streets dear Remainers, whether in a group or solo, print out your paper copy here [] and let's get the #FinalSay petition to a million!!  
There are over 1,000 Japanese companies employing over 140,000 people in the UK. Japanese businesses locate major factories in the UK because of access to the Single Market.Brexit means massive job losses when Japan pulls the plug after Brexit. 
Oh look, another magic solution to our Brexit woes has disappeared right in front of our eyes.Not to worry mind - word is that Uranus is booming right now. We'll trade with them. 
#Brexit: It is “not realistic” to believe the UK can begin trading under World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules the day after Brexit in March, the head of the intergovernmental group has said.  
This #map shows that since #Brexit turned out to be more complex and difficult than many might’ve assumed the public opinion has shifted and now favors #Remain. Source:  pic.twitter.com/0Y4gBgAiXa 
Theresa May supports/ed:South African ApartheidPinochetIraq WarAusterityFox huntingWindrush 'Hostile Environment'TrumpBrexitOpposed:The NI peace processBanking regsSame sex marriageJeremy Corbyn was on the right side of all of these issues#Labour  pic.twitter.com/4aGdhltrV5 
Did anyone notice the choice between a soft or hard Brexit on the referendum paper. I didn't just IN or OUT and the majority voted OUT so lets get on with it.... 
1/. The day having a well run democratic referendum risks social unrest is the day you know you have given too much power to those threatening the unrest. 
Yesterday, we released the first batch of Technical Notices to let businesses and citizens know how to prepare for the unlikely event of a no deal #Brexit. 
Brexit in five words. "It's more complicated than that."  
TO LT NI OPINION PANEL: LT have been commissioned by a major UK research Co. to ascertain the latest NI views re. Brexit, NI border, & EU issues. This poll will 'go-live' at 7.30pm tonight (24/8). Poll-results will be published UK-Wide & may impact future UK Gov NI Brexit policy.  
£80 billion Brexit black hole by 2033 equivalent to double the entire budget of the Ministry of Defence   
'It's utter twaddle' Tory MP Redwood rips into Hammond's 'completely wrong' Brexit warning  
- really, have a listen to this slice of cold hard reality hitting blubbery brexit bluster. just amazing.A joke's a joke, and we've all had our fun but surely time to leave this brexit lark behind and never mention it again.  
Damage Philip Hammond warns no deal Brexit would cause could wipe out half of Britain's health budget 
Labour’s official position..“Nothing is off the table including a second referendum!!!!” But yeah attack Corbyn?  
Exchanged £100 for €103 today. At least #Brexit has moved us closer to the Single Currency, even if it didn’t mean to. 
I'll be speaking at this rally on September 6th. Come along and help us defend the Brexit vote against those trying to overturn the referendum.  
The government must flatly rule out No Deal as an option.It cannot proceed down a path where this known disaster may happen, when it has the power not to do so.If May cannot negotiate a Withdrawal Agreement, she must cancel Brexit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg suggests that after Brexit, people crossing the Irish border should be subject to 'inspections, just like during The Troubles'.  
Philip Hammond has his wages paid by the British taxpayer yet he - 1) continues to talk down our country, 2) continues to undermine the UK's #Brexit negotiators, and3) acts more like an EU agent than a British Chancellor  via @MailOnline 
Just out: the key to a simplified Brexit process. It is well past time for the government to stop pretending that the EEA Agreement will magically no longer be relevant after Brexit Day:   
. @carolecadwalla "The referendum was not a free and fair election. It was a car crash of illegality. We will get some kind of investigation because we don't want to live in a country where an election can be so corrupted with lies." 
‘Shadow chancellor says he is worried another referendum would embolden the far right’If I write what I want to write, I’ll probably get banned by Twitter.  
.@lukeharding1968 says the UK needs its own version of Robert Mueller. He says Brexit is democratically invalid, having passed due to Russian espionage and other illicit efforts #BylineFest 
EU collapse: - UK: #Brexit - Greece: bankrupt - Italy, Poland, Austria, Hungary, Denmark, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Malta, Baltic States: anti-migrant governments  
Thoughts w/ @SenJohnMcCain as he ends medical treatment in his battle w/brain cancer. Senator McCain was 1 of the very few US politicians that condemned Iraq’s aggression towards Kurdistan post-referendum, & advocated for a political process that addressed Kurdish independence.  
Both @carolecadwalla and @lukeharding1968 emphasizing that the 2016 Trump and Brexit operations were linked and planned long in advance. The two operations featured the same goals and many of the same players -- obviously the Kremlin, but well beyond it as well. 
Me: Have you heard the latest on Brexit?Husband: [opens fridge] have a beer[walks off] 
On 29 March 2019 Britain will officially leave the European Union. But is Brexit definitely going to happen? Watch the Guardian's political correspondent Jessica Elgot explore whether Brexit is inevitable.  
"No one voted for a nightmare scenario where the best we can hope for is to not see the Army on our streets distributing food."Great article from @MollyMEP in @MetroUK >>#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Europe now in as fragile a state, as prey to demagogues & fascists, as in the early 1930s. Absolutely not the time to be endangering national security with Brexit. Edward Lucas sets the scene  
PRESS RELEASE: The 'no deal' Brexit guidelines are an anthology of acquiescence 
'It's utter twaddle' Tory MP Redwood rips into Hammond's 'completely wrong' Brexit warning  
Quote: ‘For the vast majority of consumers there’s not going to be much change at all (in the event of a no deal) if it’s noticeable’. From Dominic Raab, the Brexit Secretary. 
Talking up the chances of “no deal” is a political strategy to lower expectations for what will be an inadequate #Brexit deal—and it’s working. Me on @Brexit  
A hard Brexit impact reportOn stuff we routinely importIncludes Danish spermWhich studies confirmWithdrawal may cause to fall short.#brexit #BrexitMadness #nodeal 
Strategy of the @Conservatives Do so much evil stuff that kills people that you are overwhelmed by them.Use the mainstream media to attack @jeremycorbyn Conflate criticism of Israel's human rights with #Antisemitism Blame #Brexit of Corbyn.Hijack #FBPE to attack Corbyn. 
'We must be ready': Britain's Raab outlines a contingency plan in the event of a 'no-deal' #Brexit  via @ReutersTV 
Brexit: "A Titanic Success"  
No Deal Brexiters like Rees-Mogg claim UK can go straight to WTO terms. But:WTO chief, Roberto Azevêdo says it's unrealistic for the UK to start trading on WTO rules immediately after #Brexit, as it would be tricky to reach 100% agreement between members before March. 
May might have done if she had bothered to meet 5SM/Salvini when she visited their country for a walking break. She met Kurz in Austria. She would have found Brexit allies. She chose not to. @theresa_may, love, get in touch if you’d like me to arrange a meeting with Matteo. 
This sums up one of the corrupt pillars of Brexit. Deregulation designed to benefit the 1% at the expense of society. Greedy & toxic. #StopBrexit 
"All of the proportional representation (pro rep) options that will be on the referendum ballot preserve local representation, and indeed, I contend, enhance local accountability."#bcpoli #pr4bc #cdnpoli #prorep #bc #britishcolumbia #hellobc 
So UK govt already flagging that Oct deadline for Withdrawal Agmt is unlikely to be met.Regardless of domestic concerns, UK govt is confident it can use time pressure as a tactic.Just 1 of the ways UK & EU differ re: the fundamentals of #Brexit process. 
"Many people voted for Brexit because they thought it would help the NHS, not hinder its recruitment of EU nurses and doctors. It’s another example of the negative consequences of Brexit which have come to light since the vote in 2016."  
BREAKING: Britain to lead EU military mission giving 1,500 soldiers to cause - even AFTER #Brexit"We remain committed to European security after we leave the EU in 2019."You're letting the enemy WALK right in, in their 1000s, you brain dead morons 
I take this position because of Cornyn behavior on Brexit at the time of the referendum and now. I believe labour needs to clearly oppose Brexit and that Corbyn played footsie with the Leavers and is still doing so. Statesmanship matters  
All out war in the Tory party isn’t doing anyone any favours. Leavers need to make a move. Pick a candidate, launch a leadership battle and bring the war to an end. Victory will give us Brexit. 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 24, 2018 at 05:50PM, £1 buys 1.1088€. 
On this week's Chopper's @brexitbroadcast it's @Nigel_Farage vs @Andrew_Adonis in the Battle for Brexit as the two thrash it out over all the key issues facing the UK as we leave the European UnionListen now:  
A referendum can't be both democratic AND irreversible. People change their minds in democracies. That's what got you elected. It really isn't all that difficult to understand 
At this rate Jason you might actually singlehanded stop #Brexit. #factsmatter 
Video: #Ambazonia declared #independence from #Cameroon five days after the #Kurdistan Region held its 2017 referendum on #Iraq 
My thoughts as I leave a Britain descending into chaos ? As I see it, a no-deal Brexit means only one thing - utter failure. Time to pull the plug.  Maybe by the time we get back it will…  
Join us at our Autumn Conference to be part of the movement to fight back against Brexit. Full details and registration details here:  
As per the beginning of my thread: the govt's own Brexit no-deal planning document says MHRA doesn't have these data or documents. If, in fact, MHRA does, then the govt's own Brexit no-deal planning document is incompetent and factually incorrect. That is an equally dire scenario  
EU's deputy negotiator on Brexit Sabine Weyand has said she won't make another joke at a working party meeting, after the last one ended up as @Telegraph splash - "EU fears Brexit talks bugged by secret agents..." 1/3 
I recommend you for a slot on @BBCr4today . Dear @bbcnickrobinson get this chap on your show. He’ll explain to you the ins and outs of why #Brexit is very bad news indeed. 
Here’s another reason why #Brexit is madness. My ⁦@AerLingus⁩ flight was cancelled and I have to wait 4 hours for the next flight. But thanks to the EU the airline must give me a food voucher & compensation of 200+ euros. If we leave the EU passengers will lose those rights 
Sperm shortage after Brexit?Some of the most ridiculous and desperate scares around Brexit often emerge from government departments, as in this case. 
1. Here's my huge thread on how no-deal Brexit might cost the NHS billions because of generics not getting approved. 2. Here's my huge thread on why the EMA might not just give us the (confidential) data we need. What a mess! 
The UK needs international trade EU countries wouldn't be in the Single Market if it didn't give advantages to their businesses So Brexit removes our competitive advantages in EuropeThat increases the average distance between us and our trade partnersThat costs more 
“Ouch! That fucking hurts.”said the slug who voted for salt.#Brexit #Trump pic.twitter.com/CBNY0vVUs2 
show this to anyone pompously insisting we can still work & study abroad post-Brexit; what if our qualifications are no longer recognised by the EU? what then, Brexit backers?   
I hope the rest of the BBC takes the lead from Radio Kent and sees what riveting and important programming results from hearing from the voices of genuine experts on Brexit. @JasonJHunter deserves the widest possible audience - please give it to him. 
Constructive day at sea from Eastbourne and many thanks to everyone involved. Brexit is a huge opportunity to rejuvenate fisheries as we regain control of our entire EEZ (shown in red on the flag). @theresa_may @michaelgove @fishingforleave 
Brexiteer QC claims Britons will save many BILLIONS of pounds if no deal Brexit succeeds  
"Muslims need to have their say on Brexit – before Boris becomes the norm"Brilliant article from #FFS Supporter @BashOIbrahim on why Muslims should support a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
@UKIP #Brexit #SovereigntyMany countries fought brutal wars to free themselves and win back their sovereignty, we have the easy way out. 
Amid all the heat & noise (& nonsense) of UK domestic debate, this from @FabianZuleeg is a clear summary of how Brexit stands.  
The Union is Over .. the more people that say it ... the more people will hear it and the quicker it will be done!!!Will you just this once stand up and vote YES for our country and our children's futureScotland & her people deserve better!!!#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum  
This has created a herd mentality. It’s a group think. This is why on austerity, on Brexit, on Corbyn, and on economics, it hardly matters whether you pick up the FT or the Guardian. You’ll get the same views, with more or less hand-wringing. 
I thought the Remainers had scraped the bottom of the Project Fear barrel clean with the stories about sandwiches running out and everyone getting super-gonorrhoea after Brexit, but they keep finding ways to go even lower.  
This is not scare mongering. If you can't access your UK bank from the EU, or if your pension can't be sent to an EU account from the UK, you can't get your money.It's that simple.UK expats face losing access to pensions in event of no-deal Brexit  
NEWS! EU stockpiling Angel Delight and tins of Ronseal in preparation for no-deal Brexit  
Network Rail could be set to abandon EU regulations after Brexit in a bid to reduce costs, despite the safety board warning against it. Corporate profits mustn't come at the expense of hard-won working protections. Help us fight it. Spread the word. 
It's nice that our local MPs support free parking in order to 'boost jobs and support businesses,' but odd that they also back Brexit, which has already cost hundreds of jobs and contributed to the closure of businesses in #MiltonKeynes. Mooo.  
The WTO said the U.K. risks trade disruption with a no-deal Brexit because it is “very unlikely” to have agreed tariffs and quotas with the other members in time  
talkRADIO host James Max is spot onSince the EU referendum "we’ve got more people in employment than ever before, we’ve got more overseas investment coming into the UK than ever before, we’ve got very strong, robust economic growth" 
A 'no deal' #Brexit would mean that Scottish produce couldn't be sold under the #EU organic label anymore and it could be 9 months before a replacement UK system is in place. Staying in the Single Market & Customs Union would give certainty to consumers and farmers in Scotland. 
Oh dear. No food, no medicine & now a sperm shortage No deal  Britain risks a sperm shortage in the event of a "no-deal" Brexit  
‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after Brexit, says WTO boss  
After #Brexit we will be altering road signs to show the wrong directions to confuse any foreigners here after #Brexit as thier sat navs won't work because we won't have access to Galileo.#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival #BrexitReality 
EU law recognises professional qualifications across the EU. But this won’t apply to the UK after #Brexit. That’s bad news for both UK professionals hoping to practice abroad and the NHS hiring EU talent. Read this from @benjaminbaccas  
Still waiting for you to tell us all how much better we will be after Brexit.  Get real and get assisting your country,  It is falling to pieces in front of your eyes. 
Above all the Brexit noise, Fabian's line is all that counts now"The implication is that for the UK, at this stage, it will be a straightforward choice between the Withdrawal Agreement with the Northern Ireland backstop or no deal at all, with all the consequences that implies."  
No matter your views on Brexit this obscene waste of food is a disgrace; the Common Fisheries policy is indefensible and anyone campaigning a #PeoplesVote or whatever they're calling a 2nd referendum this week needs to wake up and smell the Brussels coffee#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
Another #remainernow I voted to leave the EU but with a no-deal Brexit on the cards, Now, I support the People’s Vote and Remainer Now campaigns in hope that the government will give us a second referendum. 
Is Brexit definitely going to happen? – video explainer  
We will put out a report on this tomorrow. In short, our analysis shows that this eventuality (no-deal Brexit) would be utterly devastating for UK science's place on Horizon 2020. 
If you create a buffer stock to cover temporary interruptions, then you have to replenish it. Which means your supply chain has to work double capacity when supply comes online. A “stockpile” will not solve these coming Brexit shortages. Theyvwill mask them for a very short time 
Prof of Neuroscience at UCL John Hardy:‘Brexit is an uncontrolled experiment & everyone who understands the level of coop forecasts the outcome will be worse than the present excellent arrangement. Brexit no deal will be a disaster. Soft Brexit will only be a major mistake.’  
Wouldn't it be funny if, tomorrow, all the pro-Europe MPs left their own parties, joined the Stop Brexit Party and overthrew the government? I'd laugh, anyway. 
For over two years our government have been fannying around on Brexit. They who hingeth aboot getteth heehaw. 
There is no room for me in Corbyn's #Brexit supporting Labour. I am a centrist #Remain 'die-hard'. I will not hand him my vote on a plate to be misinterpreted as support for a Corbyn #Brexit.  
Professor Alan Winters is highly respected in the trade policy world for his expertise and care with which it is deployed. Which makes this absolute demolition of Peter Lilley's case for the 'WTO Brexit' all the more effective  
Are you a health professional?Don’t like where Brexit is going?Then sign this letter of NHS & health professionals demanding a #PeoplesVote. 6K signed already[for NHS staff, docs, nurses, care professionals, medical/health researchers, medtech]  
The Government is right to advise UK businesses to contact the French; Belgian; or Irish Governments about rules in their nations after BREXIT. In no way is our Govt. responsible for future rules in the Republic. The hysteria from Sinn Fein is laughable. 
Funny nothing but funeral ads on tv today Must be all talk of brilliant Tory brexit dealNo deal,more death, more Tories get richThe big plan to kill off our poorest people Won’t be long before they kill NHS as wellBack door killer 
Hopefully these tough sentences return after Granite Brexit.  
1 million tons of edible fish are thrown back dead into the sea each year. Discards are an inevitable consequence of disastrous quotas in the Common Fisheries Policy. We must move to a system of refined effort control post-Brexit @theresa_may @michaelgove @fishingforleave 
Further proof , should you need it, that the people selling you Brexit are so blinded by the idea that don’t even understand that very basics. Well done @JasonJHunter for calling these charlatans out! @BBCRADIOKENT 
"@theresa_may has dug in, & now Brexiteers are preparing for trench warfare""The strongest argument she & her allies make in favour of Brexit is that it's the only way forward." "Her critics disagree & favour a Canada-inspired free trade arrangement" 
I agree that a #SecondReferendum could cause social unrest. I also believe that our current course towards a disastrous Brexit could cause social unrest. This being so, I think a second vote is worth the risk. 
The vast majority of doctors and scientists I know regard Brexit as a disaster. It's going to be even worse than they feared if it's the hardest Brexit or no deal anticipated. Hope if we success with #peoplesvote  media will now give them a fair hearing & not only Brexiteers! 
No Brexit supporters will be able to listen to this to the end. It will simply prove too difficult, too awkward and too painful when they have to face up to the catastrophic horror their mistake is unleashing on our country.  
The United Kingdom does not need to do a deal with the EU. The EU needs to do a deal with us at all costs. No deal means no divorce bill – handing a £40 billion Brexit bonus to the Government. 
People's Vote: March for the FutureThis is the big one. On Oct 20 join @peoplesvote_uk & @Independent as we march on Westminster to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit dealOver 100k marched on June 23. This will be much bigger!RSVP: Please RT 
"I am absolutely clear that the UK will be better off outside of the EU in any scenario in the long-term but I recognise the risks in the short term." -Dominic Raab.People who voted Leave were always aware of this as well.So May should get on with delivering a real #Brexit!  
As well as his exclusive piece for @Scientists4EU this past week, Nobel laureate Sir Fraser Stoddart @sirfrasersays spoke with "The Science Show" on @ABCaustralia about the negative impact Brexit will have on UK science.Listen to the interview below  
If the result of a binding referendum would have been annulled because of illegal conduct, by ploughing on regardless the Government are treating an advisory referendum as more binding than a binding one. Which is insane. 
Everyone must read this. Brexit Ref was totally illegal & very bad for all of us! 
As this dangerously incompetent Tory government drives us headlong towards the disaster of a no deal #Brexit, they are actually putting lives at risk. We need to say stop #FFS and we need a #PeoplesVote 
The perfect outcome would be that May, seeing this as the only escape hatch from an impossible situation, puts up a half-hearted defence expecting to lose, loses, Brexit stops, and she resigns blaming the courts and Remainers. 
The attitude of the Irish media and political class towards Brexit has been appalling.  For them, Brexit is to be opposed, not understood. 
Straight out of the Bannon playbook..... 
#Brexit Prediction:  I think Theresa May will threaten her party's extremist faction with a #PeoplesVote in an attempt to get them to fall in line. 
There’s a majority in the country against Brexit. Why aren’t the politicians listening to us?  
Cabinet split over exactly how sh*t no-deal Brexit will beBy @hourlyterrier via @TheCanaryOTP 
I’m not saying the UK can’t thrive, eventually. (JR-M’s own estimate is 50 yrs.) I’m saying denial of the complexity of the transition is inversely proportionate to the trauma we will suffer. It’s actually you, the blithe flag-waver refusing to prepare, who will scupper Brexit.  
Britain straps on its #Brexit crash helmet in case it's forced to leave the EU without a trade deal  via @ReutersTV 
Sorry Sarah but the referendum was a people’s vote, not a business owners vote. The CEO of a company’s vote was worth the same as the cleaners. Are some people’s votes  worth more than others?  
Those involved in the ‘Stop Brexit’ campaign are feeling more optimistic than they have in months – a plan has emerged, with three main parts  
Another idiotWhat’s really ironic is he said it’s not a simple yes or no answer. Odd that given that it was only a yes or no option on the referendum paper 
Never a day goes by when somebody doesn't whine at me about Vote Leave's conduct during the referendum. "Vote Leave cheated!" they demand. It's such a frightful bore. If Vote Leave had been competent, we'd have won by a bigger margin. #Brexit  
Conservative, Lib Dem, Labour, Green – we all deserve a final say on Brexit | Vince Cable and Neil Carmichael  
my grandad is 94 today. here's (most of!) his latest letter to his local paper: a short summary of why Brexit is undemocratic nonsense & must be stopped "I voted Remain...in the hope there will not be one more white cross raised in a European Military cemetery." #StopBrexit 
A smart move by @thomasbrake UK definately needs a #peoplesvote #finalsay referendum with option to #exitfrombrexitMy concern is Corbyn has a track record of avoiding cooperation across party lines, he's very tribal. A case in point was the 2016 #Brexit referendum.  
Have no fear of no-deal Brexit, Rees-Mogg tells Tories 
So tired of sneering left wing hot takes that middle class ppl only worry about Brexit cos it might hurt their interests & why don’t they care about X Tory-inflicted horror instead? Well... I care about ALL Tory horrors & when we leave EU oversight they will get much much worse! 
READ: ahead of the #PeoplesVoteNE rally @vincecable & @carmichaelneil_ say: it doesn't matter what party you're from, we all deserve a #PeoplesVote on #brexit:  
This initiative has gone from 13,000 to 43,000 signatures in less than 24 hours. But it needs a million to succeed. Please sign and share - for everyone, but especially young people who's options are being shuttered by a Brexit they voted against  
You've forgotten one of his actions that I consider most reprehensible: Imposing a 3-line whip on triggering Art. 50 and his utter silence on the corruption of the referendum...  
Brexit bankroller Arron Banks blocked from joining Tories after vowing to hijack leadership contest 
.@vincecable and @neilcarmichael_  write for @Guardian ahead of #PeoplesVoteNE on the need to work across party lines to make sure the British people have the final say on any Brexit deal  
- 74% of Labour voters think we will get a bad deal- 58% of Tories think we will get a bad deal The country is being united - in rejection of this botched Brexit.  
When I’m not getting involved in Brexit and Dress Code bullsh1t I also have a day job.The Champion Golfer of The Year on range during yesterday’s warm up,#nicepic 
it's pretty much just us, nazis and Brexit at the moment  
Conservative, Lib Dem, Labour, Green – we all deserve a final say on Brexit | Vince Cable and Neil Carmichael  
Christian Adams on Jacob Rees-Mogg comparing Chancellor Philip ‘Remainer Phil’ Hammond to a dog returning to his vomit after he published an anti-Brexit letter, allegedly without Downing Street’s consent.– political cartoon gallery in Putney  
This is an odd decision by the UK. Forcing banks to potentially hold more capital against EU bonds post-Brexit would likely put London-based banks at a big competitive disadvantage.  
This is where the media in the early days failed the Ppl in not doing its homework & ruthlessly challenging the #Brexit BS ..so simple soundbites held sway & party apparatchiks... 
The scene:Radio Kent broadcastThe characters:Actual Trade negotiator @JasonJHunter & @isaby from Brexit centralThe outcome:Utter carnage followed by long silence as Johnathan Isaby confused by logical reasoning, facts & expertise.#Brexit.There’s literally nothing there.  
Get @jasonjhunter in front of as many people as possible! Facts delivered calmly and succintly.Please retweet!  #fbpe #BrexitReality #BrexitMadnessExpert Schools James O'Brien On Brexit With Evidence-Based Facts - LBC @LBC 
70-75% of 18 to 25 year olds voted to remain; recent polls suggest that the sentiment has not wavered. A further 1.4 million people have turned 18 since the referendum and more are aware of what we could be losing if we lose our partnership with the EU.  
I read Mr Dunt's book about Brexit 2 and a half years ago.  Was brilliant & still is. Question is why have many politicians & brexiters in general still not got the facts?Including @bernardjenkinSo many woefully & embarrassingly ignorant.To UK's enduring damage & shame. 
Come and join me this autumn in the battle to save Brexit. The 17.4 million Brexit voters will not be thwarted.  
Plackard reveals his "success factors for success" (part one): getting the language right, apps and making the most of Brexit  
This is quite technical & full of legal jargon but if you are so minded I would strongly recommend reading these pleadings. They set out very compelling arguments as to why the Brexit referendum is invalid. This paragraph in particular sums up the case for overturning the result:  
#NigelFarage has some fun chatting to one of the most unhinged #Remoaners of all time. #Brexit Derangement Syndrome is real folks! !  @ConHome #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @Conservatives #UK #EU #StandUp4Brexit @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #Tory #Tories #UK 
Brexit riot:Brexiter hurls zimmer frame through a shop window.Brexiter falls over and complains about (a) waiting too long for an ambulance, and (b) loss of the zimmer frame. 
Risks of stockpiling food. This is not the #Brexit anyone voted for. We need a #PeoplesVote to give the public control of the final #brexit deal  
#Brexit will affect every single person living on this island.  So why is Jeremy Corbyn blethering about Israel? #Priorities 
It's time we call our Jeremy Corbyn. His "straight talking, honest politics" don't seem to apply to Brexit. Check out how you can send Corbyn a message below:  
May's fury as Chancellor warns no-deal #Brexit could wipe TEN PER CENT off UK's national income - just hours after Dominic Raab dismissed 'wild' scare stories and said it would not impact consumers  
Why isn't every question journalists ask a Brexit politician prefaced with the question: "Why did you lie to electorate?" And, in many cases: "Why are you moving your money - or advising others to move their money - out of the country?" No other questions until they answer these  
So as predicted sorting out our WTO schedules will not in fact be straightforward for the UK according to DG Azevedo. This problem increases with a no-deal Brexit.  
The former Brexit Secretary is right. We must free ourselves from the EU regardless of the deal.  
We can make WTO terms work to Brexit Britain's advantage 
When the facts change, people change their minds:Labour not taking new Brexit deal referendum off the table, John McDonnell says  
A poll from @GMB indicates that the country is #remainernow & With Airbus (& other companies) once again warning of brexit ramifications this trend against Brexit will only continue to grow.@RemainerNow is here to welcome all regretful leavers who speak outPlease RT 
2. And @IanDunt little satisfaction that you've been trying to warn ppl of this for the better part of 2 years...The media has a lot to answer for that it is only in the last few months that they have started to take #Brexit seriously... 
Increasingly tired of the argument that challenging populists, whether it's Brexit, Trump or whatever, helps them. It is a sigh of despair. 
He has loyalty to the 17.4 million voters for brexit. Unlike you Soubry Morgan and also Theresa May . 
So within mins of nervous #Brexit sec “no deal” package being finessed as nothing to worry about, Chancellor is promoting the reality of the car crash it will bring. Split screen nightmares from the same party at the same time #FBPE #PeoplesChoice 
#Labour clears the way for new #referendum if parliament rejects Theresa May's #Brexit deal:   
Here is the only coherent argument against having a People’s Vote on any final Brexit deal .... thank you @paddyashdown 
#YouHadOneJobThe Govt has had two YEARS to get provisional WTO agreements in place for a no-deal BREXIT. If it has failed to do so, that is a dereliction of duty, is it not? Walking holidays + showing up at events, are no substitute for competent dedicated unremitting hard work.  
Away from my wonderful Twitter bubble, I’ve noticed that people are talking about Brexit more than they ever have. The BBC and RW rags can bang on about “Project Fear” all they want, but without anyone talking about upsides, public opinion can only shift in one direction. 
To save you time reading all those 24 government papers on the detail of the consequences of brexit, plus the 56 still to be published, Private Eye has produced a useful summary#StopBrexit 
I'm going to the #PeoplesVote march in October to demand a say on the final Brexit deal - will you join me?  
Former trade negotiator @JasonJHunter says "F**k business" is now official gov't policy. And British Retail Consortium warns of VAT and red-tape Brexit bombshell.  
Our politics is no longer fit for purpose. That's why we MUST leave the EU....#Brexit  
A few short months ago Wollaston was saying no second referendum. She's now supporting a "peoples vote". She is well beyond "changing her mind" territory. 
Tory divisions exposed by Hammond letter as Sky Data poll reveals shift against Brexit. 'Tory tensions erupt as a Sky Data poll finds 69% of voters believe the UK will get a bad deal when it exits the EU.'   
This is by far best comment I've read today on EU position going into autumn. It would be good if a UK paper would publish @FabianZuleeg debunking of current myths about EU line on Brexit  @Jderbyshire @ButlerKatherine @williamkeegan @mk1969 @ChristianJMay 
Another of those "opportunities" of Brexit that I'm sure everyone was aware of in 2016 and feels totally comfortable with and doesn't want to have any further say over. 
"Buster, what did you do to stop #Brexit?"   
SCATHING: Brexiteer Wetherspoons boss Tim Martin thinks Project Fear’s No Deal scaremongering is ‘bollocks’.“Like Arnold Schwarzenegger’s Terminator, the cyborg assassin, fictional scare stories about food price rises post-Brexit refuse to die.” 
Amused on holiday in France last week to have chatted to a British retired judge who spends half the year living in her house in France. She “can’t wait for Brexit”, citing how wretched the ECJ effect had been on British law. Not bothered about any effect on part living in France 
Astonishing new poll. More than 8 in 10 Conservative supporters (84%) now believe the Brexit process has been a mess, with just 10% holding the opposite view. 
Remainers just want to scare voters & try to manipulate them when the truth is the economy is fine & the UK is doing very well. Remainers will get more & more desperate the closer we get to Brexit day..  
This is the most completely Brexit nine minutes of audio you will ever hear. God helps us.  
You're clearly deluded if you imagine the #EU will refuse to trade with us post #BrexitWe spend around £90bn a year more with #EU countries than they do us at present.Do you imagine German car manufactures are going to refuse to continue sellings us £18bn of cars each year? 
READ: Poll shows over half of Tory voters don't expect a good #Brexit deal:  
It is this simple...• Anybody who "respects the result" is supporting a gang of crooks.• Anybody who claims leaving is the "will of the people" is a liar.• Anybody who will not admit #Brexit will make us worse off is crazy.I'm tired of being ruled by crazy, lying crooks.  
YAY. @BorisJohnson savages the "miserable permanent limbo of Chequers deal"!   He calls out for a return to the vision of Lancaster House.  Freedom,democracy and new opportunity.  #boris johnson   #borisjohnson #Brexit  
Language news: in the wake of the Brexit vote, and the illuminating debates that followed, the names of several objects are being updated. Lighthouse > PROJECT FEARSmoke alarm > PROJECT FEARFoghorn > PROJECT FEARMedical advice > PROJECT FEARYes, the capitals are compulsory. 
Britain could risk a sperm donation shortage in the case of a "no-deal" Brexit, a government document reveals  
Chancellor Philip Hammond’s doom and gloom over Brexit needs to stop now 
.@DominicRaab can’t even persuade his cabinet colleagues a no-deal Brexit would be anything short of a disaster…  
This conflates two, largely unrelated issues. Fact: The UK will likely not have a certified WTO Goods Schedule by March 2019. Fact: A No-Deal Brexit may be highly disruptive, especially to UK exports into the EU. Both true. Both virtually unconnected.  
Hey @BBC, this can't go on. You are the national broadcaster, not the propaganda arm of Conservatives & #Brexit. Whatever happened to balance?  
Will Corbyn oppose Theresa May's Brexit or not?How can Corbyn say exactly which aspect of Brexit he'll oppose,we're all still waiting for details as to outcome of EU negotiations. Given Tories have majority of votes - you need to pose that question to Tory MPs#FridayFeeling 
Basically, what you can expect to see is her posting footage of me stuttering my words as she gets me to repeat this several times while interrupting me more times than I could count. And then on the two occasions we actually discuss Brexit, I destroy her. 
Is Brexit definitely going to happen? – video explainer  
For those unaware of Matthew Elliott's groom-of-the-stool, here's Jonathan Isaby "defending" his then deputy at BrexitCentral & #VoteLeave patsy, Darren Grimes, before Grimes was found to have broken electoral law by the @ElectoralCommUK in the #EURef: 
The Conservative & Labour Brexit plans aren’t actually that different to each other. Both want a bespoke SM & CU arrangement that allows the UK to benefit from the SM & CU but without following the rules which the other 27 members have to abide by.1  
Day 2 of #Readingfestival2018. The early morning shift is ready with #BollockstoBrexit stickers, #PeoplesVote banners and t-shirts. With @OpenBritainRead. #readingfestival #FBPE #Waton #Brexit  
No-deal Brexit: 'Not realistic' for UK to start trading under WTO rules in March, says WTO boss - The Independent  
McDonnell becomes latest Labour frontbencher to claim second Brexit vote 'NOT off table'  
Dear Theresa & Jeremy,Please have a get together & ditch your personal ambitions.Then issue a joint statement saying- ‘Regardless of some desires, enough is enough, the human cost of Brexit is just too much to pay & we are kicking this bollocks in to touch.’Lets move on. 
The British people should not have to accept the dysfunction of this Tory Brexit. Join our Summer Campaign to fight for an #ExitfromBrexit. Find out how you can pitch in here:  
It's so important to have a common view of the basic facts so that conversations have a firm basis. It's fine to disagree, but not based on misinformation.   The idea behind  is to help people get to the bottom of #Brexit issues. 
Whatever transpires, a Truth Commission needs to be convened to investigate how the #brexit Establishment connived and lied to bring our great country to the verge of a humiliating #NoDealBrexit, and how to prevent another such #brexitshambles 
That’s your Brexit that is.H/T to @mikegalsworthy for (most of) the text, and @mrrobnewman & @Baddiel for the 'historic' images. 
The government has 7,000 civil servants already working on Brexit, and funding to hire 9,000 more. No-deal papers advise businesses to hire customs brokers to deal with extra red tape.Who should ordinary citizens hire to cushion the effects of Brexit on their lives? 
I think the answer is that the UK is relatively small market on its own - a tenth of the size or so. We have a good relationship with Japan, particularly via investment in car manufacturing, but that will wind down post-brexit. So I think the EU deal matters much more to them. 
Hi there people who called me a scaremonger for pointing out this kind of risk before the Referendum. Anything you’d like to say to me now?  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage has some fun chatting to one of the most unhinged Remoaners of all time. Brexit Derangement Syndrome is real folks! Support us at  
Yes and sadly the BBC the most culpable to date in neglecting its duty to inform objectively about Brexit which it has considered a done deal and no longer open to scrutiny or serious debate post Referendum. 
When all the establishments are against Brexit you can guarantee it's a good thing for ordinary people 
Let's get this straight, the chancellor at every opportunity has went out of his way to covertly undermine  Brexit. There must be a leadership challenge with a Brexit MP in the final round that the conservative members can vote for. May and Hammond must be replaced. #Tories 
‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after Brexit, says WTO boss  
He is not sacked because @theresa_may is complicit.  Secret EU negotiations behind the back of the brexit ministers is the givaway. That was not an error of judgement, it was duplicity.  
Is Brexit definitely going to happen? – video explainer   
Austria's Kurz wants to help EU's Barnier avoid a hard Brexit Austrian Chancellor criticises OUR decision to leave the EU.Where do these insignificant small country Politicians get the idea that it’s of any interest what they think.We are Leaving. 
As more and more new Brexit facts emerge, and we get a clear picture of what the final deal may look like, the case for a @peoplesvote_uk is becoming stronger and stronger. The British people should have the final say on the Brexit deal. #PeoplesVote 
.@Lambeth4Europe's Brixtommeter was out in Brixton yesterday - and the people of Brixton have been clear. They think Brexit is going badly and the people should have a say on the final deal - a #PeoplesVote.@peoplesvote_uk 
Labour not taking new Brexit deal referendum off the table, John McDonnell says  Clear. Labour don’t give a fxxk about Brexit in or out. They just want to cause a GE to grab power as they smell blood. Don’t play to their tune.Traitors. 
What makes @Jacob_Rees_Mogg better positioned than the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Treasury to comment on the economic impact of a no deal Brexit exactly? His own actions speak louder than his ideological nonsense. 
No-deal Brexit to be total pain in the arse which is absolutely great, Britain confusingly told  
WTO warns on disruption to UK of no-deal Brexit  
RIBA president: ‘No deal Brexit will be devastating’ via @ArchitectsJrnal @ben_derbyshire  
Sinn Fein’s Michelle O’Neill’s latest critic of British  govs chaotic approach to Brexit does not deserve to be taken seriously as Sinn Fein could, instead of abstaining, attend the Commons and use its votes to change the course of British politics and seek a new EU referendum 
Nigel Farage vs Andrew Adonis in a Battle for Brexit special   
Corbyn is finished. Just like May. Two party leaders who lashed themselves to the mast of Brexit. The only thing now is the timing. What day? 
Like cowboy builders, Brexiters know they've just got to fight off all attempts to scrutinise and stop Brexit until it's over the goal line that is the end of March 2019.Then we're all stuck with it. 
Let’s be clear Dominic Raab: a no deal Brexit would be bad for everyoneMy column in @MetroUK via @MetroUK 
Wow, the wilful ignorance on display there was quite astounding. I think @JasonJHunter nailed it when he said ‘you don’t believe in democracy, you just believe in Brexit’. I can’t understand this blinkered ‘at all costs’ view of Brexit, how can you just ignore facts like that? 
My latest piece for SCER: debunking the EU myths in the Brexit negotiations  
I agree with you Alan, the EU has broken Britain, it has ruined Greece, the euro has been a disaster, Italy unable to cope with half of Africa landing in its shores supported by German stupidity. Brexit double sharp.  
First the Customs Union, then it’ll be the Single Market. Why are we allowing the London-based civil service to dictate the kind of Brexit that the 17.4 million people backed in a fair and square democratic election?  
Please take the time to listen & RT the hell out of trade negotiator @JasonJHunter taking @BrexitCentral editor @isaby to the cleaners on the catastrophic implications of a no deal #Brexit.Isaby's deathly silence towards the end is something to behold:  
Philip Hammond serves no purpose to Brexit other than to thwart. If you refuse to acknowledge the will then you have no place in high office.  
Could it be drab Raab and MayBot are playing a double bluff? Portray life under no deal Brexit as so unbearable that Tories (and Labour?) will support Chequers?(Shame Brussels won't accept Chequers though) 
Those remain supporting politicians who say Brexit is too complicated to be able to leave successfully, are a part of a generation of  politicians that have made membership of the EU purposely complex, to prevent & deter us leaving in the first place. 
Loyalty? Do feel free to point out in your personal manifesto in Totnes (majority Leave) your intention to thwart Brexit, stay in the Single Market and Customs Union and vote against the Govt at almost every opportunity. Physician heal thyself? 
The Government’s regional Brexit impact assessment figures:- In particular, a no-deal scenario means economic disaster for the North East, North West, West Midlands, East Midlands, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.  
Now in Bookshops! Murray and friends on Brexit and Northern Ireland (especially constitutional implications for Belfast/Good Friday  Agreement).  
Nothing compared to what will happen to us all with no deal Brexit   
Complaints about 'bureaucracy' were always a cover. At the establishment level Brexit is, and always has been, about an entitled English ruling class apoplectic with fury that EU membership obliges them to share some decision-making processes with foreigners.  
The only arguments there have ever been for Brexit is that it facilitates market shorting, normalises extremist views, and helps Russia achieve strategic warfare objectives.There never has been a benefit or dividend. It’s just been sad watching people invent and broadcast lies. 
BBC News - Brexit: Conservative anger at Philip Hammond's 'dodgy project fear' . Another biased and disgusting BBC headline. BBC attacking  Remainers again today, with a video of Rees-Mogg to rubbish the Chancellor.This has to stop. #FBPE 
The nasty, lying, cheating @CONservatives have been in power for over 8yrs! In all that time we have also been members of the EU.This idea that if we suddenly reverse the referendum result all will magically be rosy is, quite frankly, horse shit.We need rid of the Tories. 
CALLING ALL BREXITEERS! Help @LeaveEUOfficial takeover the Conservatives and transform it into a full-blooded Brexit party! 
The Government has finally revealed the costly reality of a no deal Brexit – and it isn’t pretty.A #PeoplesVote is now a democratic necessity, says @MollyMEP. 
This is spot on. Yesterday's headlines on bureaucracy weren;t really pertinent to no-deal, they were pertinent to any hard Brexit arrangement.  
Labour not taking new Brexit deal referendum off the table, John McDonnell says 
“It’s hardly in the interests of southern Spain to do harm to the UK pensioners out there." Are you completely mental, @DominicRaab? It's BREXIT that is removing the protection of the law from British pensioners, not Spain. Stop lying to the public - you know Brexit is a disaster 
I'm going to the #PeoplesVote march in October to demand a say on the final Brexit deal - will you join me?  
Good meeting & discussion today with my friend & colleague @AnnLinde Swedish Minister for EU & Trade about Brexit & the political situation in Sweden.  
Ten minutes of Brexit Central editor Jonathan Isaby being dismantled by a former trade negotiator   
This would imply that the greatest impediment to the softish Brexit desired by @theresa_may is not the rest of the EU but her own MPs 
Tory infighting over effects of “deal” or “no deal” Brexit hide one fundamental truth: no relationship we negotiate now will ever be as good for UK as continued membership of EU. 
What is the point of @KateHoeyMP? A Tory voting fox hunting Labour MP being welcomed to @LeaveMnsLeave by @Nigel_Farage to defend a course of action she knowingly understands will be detrimental to the wellbeing of this country; watch her here as she is put on the spot by @afneil 
UK media is most unwilling to get people who know their EU facts as it often ridicules the very Brexiteers they've been proudly promoting for the past two years as the well deserved victor's of the EU Referendum campaign. Would make their editorial objective judgment questionable 
An Egyptian former diplomat was detained after calling for a referendum on President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's government, family members say  
Dodgy polling analysis!! Let's be clear here... poll shows people think we'll get a bad deal - that's not a shift against #Brexit at all, that's a shift against the Chequers proposals!! Both arch-Remainers and Brexiteers unhappy, so people feel we're getting a bad deal. 1/3  
Interesting non-sequitur. In the face of evidence of the harm they will inflict on people, hard Brexiteer populists often just change the subject. The country will be going to the dogs under a hard Brexit but hey, at least we care about puppies. 
Why are young people missing the point about Brexit?They think the EU is an economic success & where their future lies but, for young people, it's a graveyard. Haven't they wondered why young Europeans are flocking to Britain?They are duped by fake news & false propaganda.  
Using the poor / working poor as an argument for stopping Brexit won’t work.Many already suffering & we’re IN the EU.Saying, “we’ve got to stop Brexit to help you” is hugely insulting & ignorant as to why many poor / working poor voted for Brexit.We need rid of the Tories. 
Brexiter on the radio has a solution to any post Brexit food shortages.Instead of transporting fruits great distances, grow it in cities where it’s needed.I. Kid. You. Not.#NoDealBrexit 
“Philip Hammond’s Project Fear is not going to work because Brexit wasn’t about economics. It was about control. It was about voters saying that a bit of economic instability is a small price to pay for getting our democracy back.“@Tom_Slater_ on Sky 
The Brexit Bunch say we have to trust them. It’ll be fine. Please take five minutes to listen to this and see how much they can be trusted.  
Priceless. Leading Brexit supporter @isaby comprehensively demonstrates that he hasn’t a clue how international trade actually works in practice. 
Atlantis didn’t sink.It held a referendum & 52% voted to live under the sea.Experts warned them they would probably die but some lying dicks who wrote “Living under the sea will be great” on a cart, said “Experts don’t know shit!”So they lived under the sea & drowned 
Politician who flip-flopped on Brexit during the actual campaign now abusing those who argued honourably for the Leave cause she once backed and won a mandate from the British people. Seriously unimpressive behaviour.  
'The Treasury once more regurgitates its failed attempt at Project Fear.'As a dog returneth to its vomit, so a fool returneth to its folly. The Treasury is desperate to stop Brexit. Everything the Treasury does has to be read in this light.' - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg | #MoggMentum 
John McDonnell "Better a general election than a second Brexit referendum"Personally I'd like to see both!John McDonnell: 'Better a general election than a second Brexit referendum' – video  
In the referendum the Treasury said everyone would lose their jobs and the country would plunge into a deep recession if we voted out. Instead Britain is growing faster than the EU and we have record employment. 
An Egyptian former diplomat was detained after calling for a referendum on President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's government, family members say  
I’ve done just that Sarah. One was 35% up on exports since #Brexit vote and delighted. Business owned by Hungarian/French family who were v strong remainers. Messsge was, get on with it.  
Kate Hoey won’t let politicians betray the will of the people? Great!... So then she’ll be all for stopping Brexit at any point becomes clear that’s what a majority of the UK public want. 
My membership of #SNP isn't a religious belief: it's a pragmatic political allegiance to a party becauseit was the only independence party able to form a government and deliver a referendumandit's the only independence party (with Green support) able to deliver #indyref2 
Perhaps the hard Brexit #mogglodyte fundamentalists could get out & speak to medium & small businesses. Those I’ve visited with EU links telling me loud & clear about the disastrous impact of the complexity & cost of hard Brexit & this is confirmed in the technical advice papers 
We are in this mess because May didn’t observe the constitution. Fortunately that means this brexit is unlawful. And offers a route out. If we take it. 
Scared by a no-deal Brexit? You really should be. The fact that there are government ministers that think no deal is the best idea & what Leavers voted for just proves how completely deluded, inept & bonkers they really are. 
Important thread from @bengoldacre to which I’d add impact on existing generics manufacturers, many of whom may simply switch operations to EU if required to batch test separately there. Huge additional costs to NHS coming from the mythical ‘Brexit dividend’  
"A no-deal Brexit would involve such damage and risk that it cannot be allowed to happen. The government is playing a dangerous game even by allowing the idea to be taken seriously."  
Demolishing Peter Lilley's WTO Brexit nonsense  
The British people want the Government to keep the promises made during the Brexit referendum and are urging them to #believeinBritain  
Read my piece in @BrexitCentral on the disaster of the Common Fisheries Policy and the opportunity Brexit provides to rejuvenate coastal communities improve the marine environment   @theresa_may @michaelgove @DefraGovUK 
How do politicians who whipped up fears of untold millions of Turks and Syrians coming our way have the bare-faced nerve to call legitimate worries about #Brexit, which has already caused fall in pound, exodus of nurses and doctors and businesses, Project Fear? 
541 days since the institutions collapsed. This doesn't feel like the periods of suspension that have gone before. Things are profoundly broken. Trust is gone and Brexit looms large. We fight the present through our past.NI is in some form of horrible purgatory. Waiting. 
Jeremy’s speech a gift to journalistic narcissism. They’re all LOVING it. ‘I would qualify as posh because I went to a private school. But sorry, no. My Mum sent me to boarding school. I tried to stop her’ - Times columnist todayMeanwhile, Brexit is trashing the country 
Who really trusts Hammond's @hmtreasury risible forecasts? This was the guy who couldn't even bring a proper robust economic analysis of post Brexit scenarios to the Cabinet meeting at #Chequers but instead back of the fag packet guesstimates? 
Here’s a challenge for British broadcasters - give airtime to Jason Hunter - someone who actually understands trade post Brexit rather than the Brexit Bunch of dodgy “Think Tanks” - who seem unable to think at all beyond empty slogans and Brexit half wittery.  
Tomorrow is the day Tunbridge Wells splits from Kent and goes it alone from its Brexit neighbours. To mark independence day, newly issued maroon EU passports are available to supporters. Keep an eye out for TW-IN around Tunbridge Wells tomorrow morning - come and talk to us.  
Ireland will not be “rowing back” on positions we have outlined. Our position has been consistent, informed, respectful but also firm in our efforts to protect the island of Ireland and UK/Irish relationship through #Brexit. We continue to work for a managed, sensible outcome. 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg on @BBCNewsnight: The Treasury's Brexit panic means you can no-longer trust the Treasury’s forecasts  
Massive movement in North East against Brexit due to Labour voters, young and working classes. Game changer for @UKLabour - now is time to come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
I mean we knew Brexit had turned you Brits into a nation of wankers, but it’s good to have confirmation  
I blocked an 'FBPE' account yesterday for accusing me of not seeing the 'bigger picture' and suggesting I am consumed with hatred. I am consumed with hatred, hatred for #Brexit and all it stands for. What 'bigger picture' is there? 
Is there a single area of UK life that will not be calamitously fucked over by Brexit?Asking for a friend. 
The traumatic example of Brexit shows the implausibility of extracting a nation from integrated economies; although it's just as implausible to extract nations from integrated ecologies, they still try to do it as if an "Earthexit" was a piece of cake. 
Brexit is for... vulture capitalists.  
Interesting fact to emerge from Brexit is that we rely on sperm imports from Europe for infertility treatment. #globalbritain 
Bravo @johnmcdonnellMP on @BBCr4today just now.If the Government Brexit plans fail, then all options should stay on the table for Parliament - including calling a #PeoplesVote.  
Why is Philip Hammond still the Chancellor.Yesterday the first tranche of Brexit Paperswere launched and Hammond writes an article promoting PF2 without the agreement of No 10allegedly.Why has he not been sacked? 
I had quite a few of those from some of my patients. I also had a staff who voted brexit saying that she « had enough with all those refugees ». When I asked her from what EU country are those refugees, she just stared blankly and said: « I don’t know, but they are too many! ». 
John McDonnell @BBCr4today: Respects the Ref result, wants a GE if No Deal & supports Barry Gardiner view that to thwart the result fuels the Far Right.ME: #Brexit hands the UK to the Far Right & a multi issue GE can't decide #Brexit. There's no Compromise.OPPOSE not APPEASE 
2008: Banks cause a global financial crash.2010-2018: Austerity/drop in living standards - to pay for financial crash. 2010-2018: Right-wing media deflect blame towards immigrants & EU instead of governments & banks.2016-2018: And that’s how we ended up with Brexit. 
A Brexiter’s guide to gravity and why we’ll be fine once we go over the Brexit cliff.  
We must not allow the Remainers to betray the people, great piece from KATE HOEY   #Brexit @KateHoeyMP 
Labour’s official position..“Nothing is off the table including a second referendum!!!!” But yeah attack Corbyn?  
John McDonnell backs Sir Keir Starmer over Barry Gardiner as he says Labour would be open to a second Brexit referendum in the event of a no deal scenario. "We are not taking any options off the table," he says. 
The Commission employs 32,000 staff in total. We’re going to have 16,000 UK civil servants working on Brexit.  
You are not a conservative yet you are allowed to be in the party. You have done more than anyone to undermine the U.K. by your disgraceful antics in Parliament over Brexit and your disloyalty to your leader and your party’s manifesto.  Such hypocrisy.  
Sky poll shows 69% of voters think Britain will get a bad deal from #Brexit - why a ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ is essential  
This must be the best argument in favour of Brexit: we have survived through years of hardship, we can do that for 50 more years.  
What about the £350m a week for the NHS? Oh that was a lie!The truth is not available with this lot because they have no idea. They've spent the last 2 years doing nothing.Hard, soft or no brexit with the Tories in charge will be trouble for everyone! 
Influential Brexiters are trying to deflect blame onto the EU and Remainers for the shambles of Brexit.Let me cut to the chase here. The blame is all on the Brexiters. You campaigned for it. You voted for it. Now where’s your plan for it? 
Brexit is more a pig's ear every day ...wonder what today will bring .... But idea that Deal or No Deal will be vastly different from other is evidence of utter mess UK has got itself into. 
Time to think again on Brexit. The people of the North East are. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit would mean Britain’s economy would be £150bn smaller. That means fewer jobs, less tax revenues (threat to public services) and would undoubtedly lead to austerity  and economic decline. But we’d be freed of the presence of those pesky Romania fruit pickers so not all bad.  
#r4todayIf the answer to the question. Are we going to be better off outside the EU?, is yes, then it would be on every leavers lips. The simple fact that it isn't tells us all we need to know about this #Brexit debacle. #FBPE 
If no deal is better than a bad deal and membership is clearly better than no deal wouldn’t that make #brexit a needless self-harming quagmire devoid of any redeeming factors? 
Conservative MPs are right to be furious at Hammond for predicting that a no-deal #Brexit could mean a 7.7% hit to GDP over the next 15 yearsAs Rees-Mogg says "The Treasury is desperate to stop Brexit"Notice the absence of criticism from Theresa May 
British comment on Brexit: No deal imminent, credit card fees to rise, sheep farming will collapse, contact Dublin, you are on your own, everyone for themselves. DUP comment: Lets build a very expensive and virtually impossible bridge to Scotland!  
If every single Remainer had donned a ra ra skirt and been a cheerleader for Brexit for the last 2 years it would have made zero difference.About time Leavers accepted FULL responsibility for this debacle. They made it, they own it.  
Shocking revelation in this week's @RemainiacsCast: the Tory high command has blocked at least two anti-Brexit fringes from advertising in this year's conference programme. 
Govt’s #Brexit papers reveal: huge costs; red tape; big hit on pharma, financial services, farming, travellers, truckers, etc; loss of billions of research funds hitting our unis; no solution on Irish border; reduced workers’ rights. No wonder calls for a #PeoplesVote are growing 
It's not 'Project Fear.' It's the reality. A hard Brexit will reduce workers' rights, drive down wages and hurt the most vulnerable in our society.While the few prosper, the many will suffer. 
I’m in south Wales with anti-Brexit tour tomorrow ...  
If I hear another politician dribbling on about 'respecting the result of the referendum', I will scream! It was fradulent and it is illegitimate...and it was advisory and not legally binding. The people demand our representatives act in the national interest - and Brexit is not. 
You know when ladybird are getting involved that preparations for #Brexit are really stepping up  
My new Twitter biog includes Tom Tugendhat’s ‘ermine-clad troll’ (classy) alongside Farage’s ‘twisted weasel’ & Rees-Mogg’s ‘cave man.’  Alas, no space for Nick Cohen’s ‘Farage of the centre.’ @TomTugendhat doesn’t like me calling him a ‘Tory wet’ for backing hard Brexit. He is 
UK Government: Here are sensible precautions industry could take in the unlikely event that a  no deal Brexit causes short term disruption. Sky News: You're all going to die screaming with sharp things in your face because of Brexit!#ProjectFear #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
Mr Barry Gardiner: so-called “respecting the referendum” - i.e. the lies, cheating, criminal offences & foreign interference that persuaded 37% of the electorate to vote Leave? “Labour has alternative to Tories’ no-deal nightmare, Barry Gardiner  
Hammond & the Guardian are panicking over a WTO Brexit. The Remainers warned of disaster if we stayed out of the €uro. And again if we voted for Brexit. The were dead wrong both times. They’re dead wrong this time. 
This is what the government itself thinks no-deal Brexit means:an economy 7.7% smaller £80 billion/year more borrowing And we will be the generation paying for this. #PeoplesVote#OFOC 
Dominic Raab blundered his way through explaining the ill-thought out contingency plans for a probable No Deal Brexit - he is another Tory extreme Brexiter who wants to start a bonfire of worker's rights after UK leaves the EU... #BeAfraidBeVeryAfraid 
There is an obligation for UK to pay £39 Bn #brexit divorce settlement. If we don’t honour this we will never be trusted again. Why would anyone enter into any future trade deal with a country that can’t be trusted?  
But Nigel Farage said this was #ProjectFear ...But Boris Johnson said 350 million...But Jacob Rees-Mogg promised...Brexit & your NHS.  
The Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has warned that a no-deal Brexit could result in an economic catastrophe of GDP falling by as much as 10%. @jeremycorbyn - if you really care about the livelihoods of millions of people - you must call for a second EU referendum. #PeoplesVote 
The race is ON.   Who gets me in front of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg first?   Will it be @NickFerrariLBC or will it be @mrjamesob on @LBC?I wonder if @LBC and @lbcbreaking know yet that they wont be able to transmit outside the UK with a no deal Brexit?  #GeoBlocked 
Private Eye publishes newly released Government no deal Brexit paper  
Watching the nervous, sweaty Brexiteer Raab explain that adding extra bureaucracy to businesses, once considered sacrilegious to Tories, is now a Brexit reality even the government are being forced to face through adding thousands of extra costly staff. 
#Referendum in : Important that citizens use their democratic right to vote as outcome will be decisive for their country’s and their own future! 1/2 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 23, 2018 at 08:50AM, £1 buys 1.1102€. 
12/12 redundancies will happen.... assuming that these businesses can even continue to operate.   Brexit is an economic disaster for the UK and it must be stopped as soon as is physically possible.   NOTE:   I've barely touched on the work needed to be done by UK SMEs here. 
2/ cost jobs, and if its less than a million jobs lost as a result of Brexit then I'll be surprised.   take JUST the 334,000 SMEs that currently export only to the EU, they will require new customs agents to handle all the new paperwork, find out how to then apply for UK EORI No, 
The Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has warned that a no-deal Brexit scenario could result in GDP falling by as much as 10% - an economic decline that is twice as severe as the financial crash / credit crunch recession in 2008-2009. 
Friday 24th August, 2018.It is now 95 days since my last interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation.Can I make it to a 100?#NoDealBrexit#Brexit#indyref2#DarkMoney 
Interesting Japanese perspective on post-Brexit Britain and increasing RN presence in the Pacific  
“The Treasury’s #Brexit panic means that you can no longer trust the Treasury’s forecast” @Jacob_Rees_MoggEmail your MP and ask them to #StandUp4BrexitFind their email here:  
The most impressive thing about your tweet, M’Lud, is that the Mogg’s vanity is much less likely to be offended by your suggestion that his Brexit posturing is absurd than the hint that he buys his strange Bertie Wooster suits in Primark 
In a “no deal” Brexit scenario, there would be plenty of laws and rules governing Britain’s third-country relationship with the E.U. They would just be terribly disadvantageous to the U.K.:  
It’s not getting reported on but the anti Brexit vote is out there and mobilised   
#brexit Jeremy Corbyn could be Prime Minister one day. Be the end of  if he got in. Can you imagine Jeremy on the world  stage representing . The man who loved Venezuela  gone quiet on it today. Lived in 7 bedroom house, hates people doing well earning good money.   
Yesterday UK Chancellor tried Project Fear Mk 2 again, so today #Brexit Facts4EU goes for the Chancellor:  (Don't miss the funny ending!)  
Such an initiative called Permanent European Union Citizenship has launched, been approved and is now seeking your support. The initiative seeks to enshrine EU Citizenship status permanently, so that rights acquired can never be removed, either by #Brexit or anything else... 
‘Every time a new Brexit paper is published, more people are made poorer’  
BBC -  Covers Trump’s election fraud in great detail and wall-to-wall coverage. Ignores the Leave campaigns electoral fraud and criminal activity in the Brexit referendum at home.What’s wrong with the BBC? 
A significant Sky Data study. It shows growing disillusionment with Brexit. Over a third of leave voters now think Brexit will be worse than they expected. The tide is well and truly turning. Wake up @UKLabour 
Brexit splits in cabinet laid bare by Hammond. Does anybody really believe or trust Project Fear Hammond! 
Alright. We re-run the EU referendum but only allow parrots to vote in it.  
Government papers on the impact of a "no-deal" Brexit have raised fears for shoppers, farmers, businesses, NHS patients and UK expats; @NickFerrariLBC asks: can we really leave without a deal? 
HUGELY UNSCIENTIFIC BREXIT POLL: If the Brexit referendum were to run again, would you change how you voted? 
The "people's" referendum would be a landslide... to leave. Sorry to disappoint the establishment... but the people DID know what they were voting for. And they'd do it again, only in greater numbers. 
We had London politicians warning us of the dangers of an indy Scotland. Fast forward four years: front page of the Metro tells us we're stockpiling 6 weeks of medical supplies thanks to the Brexit. They don't get to lecture us about risk ever again. #BrexitShambles #indyref2 
I genuinely do not believe public opinion has “shifted against Brexit”. Whom should we believe? Polls, that never called Brexit right anyhow? The biased media? The social media mob? Or real people? I have not met a single Leaver who’d vote differently   
Boris for Prime Minister and Jacob as Chancellor.#Brexit 
Who is Brexit going to hurt more?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg and the Daily Mail are both calling Philip Hammond's warning on a #NoDealBrexit causing Economic damage project fear 2,because he's a remainer, these vultures will rubbish any expert opinion in their pursuit of this scorched earth Brexit despite it being true. 
He’s right. The contempt people like May, Bojo, Banks, Fox etc hold “The People” is so evident. May talked of “a Peoples Brexit”. That’s gone very quiet.  
I’m not from Jeremy’s part of the Labour party (!) but the people undermining Britain today are not on the left but on the right - a government doing so IN REAL TIME directed by Farage & Rees-MoggA Labour government which stopped Brexit would be far, far better 
"The Treasury are frightened of taking responsibility for managing the economy without the crutch of the EU. ...No-one believes their politicised forecasts... The Treasury is desperate to stop Brexit” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#StandUp4Brexit 
You will need to vote for an alternative to the Tories and Labour, as I am not sure if I will be able to vote next time round as I was not allowed to vote in the referendum. 
In Dublin, bankers seeking shelter from Brexit are thin on the ground. So far  
The challenges of a no-deal Brexit are as nothing compared to those of Artificial IntelligenceRead more here: #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #DataScience #MachineLearning #BigData #DeepLearning #NLP #Robots #IoT 
If Philip Hammond, the submarine Chancellor, believes a tenth of what he says about Brexit in his letter to Nicky Morgan yesterday, he would resign and fight it - not just ‘no deal’ but the real thing, Brexit itself. But alas he is a Tory wet in the mould of @TomTugendhat 
#Brexit no deal papers: What there was represented a sorry catalogue of stupidity and self-harm, the likes of which the world hasn’t seen since, well nope. No government in Fox’s human history has been this stupid in peacetime  
Government says elderly UK expats could see pensions stopped under 'no deal' Brexit, government warns. Will that also apply to British pensioners who have retired to Miami in the US? Project Fear is now well into Project Farce. 
Such a relief not to wake up to Humphrys and the Daily Mail on @BBCr4today this week. All we need now is for the news not be begin with the words ‘Trump’ or ‘Brexit’ 
Let’s face the truth Brexit has broken Britain, our democratic institutions no longer respect the law and the majority of our politicians are happy to lie. The Police do nothing. No opposition and our voice is suppressed by the state media. It’s a sorry mess.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Yes, @Daily_Express. Seeing @DominicRaab sweat heavier than any of us have in this summer heatwave whilst talking about how badly Brexit was going clearly silenced any and all fears.Oh wait. The rest of us aren't loaded xenophobic retirees!  
More you target #Modi and @BJP4India more you move far from public. Bow down to public accept referendum start working for public along with choosen Govt, oppose them for wrong support for right. Is it too much? Or there is so much in Corruption that you are afraid of?  
And this morning from the British Medical Association, “Brexit will have a catastrophic impact for patients, the health workforce, services & the nations health.” Why are we still doing this?! FFS. 
Irish Times: Any kind of #Brexit will be costly but a no-deal outcome would cause huge uncertainty and economic cost. There would be huge disruption in trade between the UK and EU as these new arrangements are put in place.Related  
It is August 2018.Aus: PM rolled in the biggest fiasco since 1975. US: POTUS's lawyer plead guilty. Campaign manager convicted. UK: Announcement of worst-case "no deal" Brexit plan.NZ: a minister didn't get sacked hard enough, and we should toll a footpath over a bridge. 
The BBC is deliberately withholding information to the British People. It’s a democratic outrage. They are aware of all the links between Vote Leave , Trump and Russia. The Referendum is illegal. The BBC is responsible and needs to be held to account. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Brextremists up in arms - how dare the Chancellor inject facts into their total fantasies? And might Hammond be pre-empting the post-Brexit public inquiry when a key question will be ‘what did you do to stop this nonsense?’ 
Absolutely! And if the same civil service had anything on Alex Salmond that could have turned the people against him back then, before & during our referendum, there is NO way they would have sat on it all these years. 
The Chancellor part of a government rift as public opinion shifts against Brexit  
The Brexit mentality...  
Getting real sick of the line "Dems can't just be anti-Trump" as if the candidates we've run thus far are simply that. It also implies that making the midterm election a referendum on Trump is a bad strategy. It's not. Running against Trump is extremely good and you should do it. 
Belgium isn`t all about brexit, it has a nice forest that looks inviting for a walk  #beautiful #amazing #different #retweetwelcome #nature #awesome #stunning #photo #photograph #PassItOn 
Even though I'm 100% certain Brexit won't happen this idiotic flirtation with insanity has already done enormous harm and has diminished the country. It will take decades to recover. I would leave if I could. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead 
And @pwafork I won the bet. Put the bubbles on ice! Now I’m three for three #Trump #Brexit #Scomo Call me Nostradamus! 
“The more ministers parrot May’s nonsensical claim that “no deal is better than a bad deal”, the more obvious it becomes that every brand of Brexit deal is far worse than no Brexit” ⁦@pollytoynbee⁩ 
Three things that prove that the world is totally fucked up:1. That after everything we have seen and now know about him, Donald Trump is still the US President.2. That Brexit is still happening.3. That James Gun will not be directing the next Guardians of the Galaxy film. 
UK government spells out consequences of no-deal Brexit  
The official end of the holiday season? Tory splits on Brexit once again dominating the front pages  
You're not alone, your feelings are valid, and the success or failure of your story to catch fire is not a straight up-and-down referendum on the quality of the work. 
If Dutton wins #libspill I say we have a referendum on becoming part of New Zealand #auspol 
More than 700,000 sign Independent's petition for second Brexit vote - here's a selection of your reasons for backing the campaign || Via: Independent  
Tory divisions exposed by Hammond letter as Sky Data poll reveals shift against Brexit  
Referendum Day - Nov 6 2018  
How many €’s to the £ now Murdo?- Day before EU referendum - €1.31- Day after EU referendum - €1.23- Today (2 yrs of Theresa) - €1.08The UK will be Venezuela without the sun.  
@UKParliament Following the recent finding by the UK Electoral Commission that the 2016 leave vote was criminally procured, the vote was rendered invalid. Any MP who still supports "brexit" is now in breach of #5 of the MPs Code of Conduct , ie  their duty to uphold the law . 
I’m beginning to think that the huge anti-Brexit marches have been too well-behaved. If politicians will do the wrong things because of the threat of riots, maybe they will do the right things for the same reason.Not really. That’s not the way to go.But... fuck! 
Guys, Antigua’s first ever Referendum is on the 6th of November concerning whether Antigua and Barbuda will continue to use the Privy Council or adopt the Caribbean Court of Justice as its final Appellate Court, so if you're 18+ don't forget to register to #VoteForYourCourt! 
Well I reckon today’s notices should result in at least another 500,000 of those who voted leave changing their minds - it will soon be 75% remain - So, on with Brexit eh? and chaos and being laughing stock of the world ! 
Brexit: daylight Raabbery - it takes only a brief look at the Notices to Stakeholders from the Commission to demonstrate how trivial and superficial Mr Raab's version of no deal Brexit really is. What he's actually doing is taking the piss...  #Brexinfo. 
The Brexitons, having "won" the vote, ordered Remainlings to clear up their mess, because they had no idea how to.Well, the Remainlings listened. They are clearing up your mess. They are organising a #PeoplesVote to ensure that Brexit is cancelled.Say thank you. 
Brexit WARNING: UK would 'fall apart' in event of no-deal with EU. God almighty - another verbose remainer making an arse of himself.  
You know what else is disturbing? Like ES&S, the election vendor that handled Brexit (IDOX) also leaked millions of voter names and addresses due to a software "glitch."  
I was looking at trademarking a product the other day. Can do it for all EU countries in one go - great. I also looked at how I could ship products to customers without them having to pay customs/imports costs...no costs for EU customers while an EU country. After Brexit though.. 
I too am publishing my “no deal Brexit” advice: don’t do it, you idiots. 
Anyone who has read HM Treasury’s discredited forecasts from before the Brexit referendum will know that their predictions about the impact of no deal are worth about as much as a  ripped up Turkish lira.   
Mogg is only in this for the money, and he is now extremely worried that the British people will end "brexit",  and he and his associates  will lose millions 
Sun tomorrow heaps praise on@DominicRaab “for his brutally honest assessment of the positives and negatives of a no-deal Brexit. What a pity the Chancellor then saw fit to stick his Eye-ore in.”  
The vast majority of the country? What absolute rubbish. Maybe 17 million if you believe that all Brexit voters were fixated on FoM (for which there is no evidence). That is not even close to a majority of the country. Pure dog whistling. 
The i also says that a no deal Brexit would cause a sperm shortage. The arguments from Remainers get weirder by the day. How exactly this should happen, I do not know. But suggestions on a postcard to Anna Soubry, Nicky Morgan, Lord Adonis or Philip Hammond please. 
The i points out that Hammond released his letter just after Raab had told people not to panic since they would scarcely notice a no deal. Hammond is betraying everyone save hardline Remainers. He has no place in a Brexit cabinet and if he had any honour would resign. 
BREXIT GLOOM: Lorry drivers warn of 'complete and utter chaos' in event of no-deal Brexit '/#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
‘As a dog returns to its vomit, so a fool returns to his folly.’ Rees-Mogg’s very apt comment is on Hammond’s deliberate attempt to stop Brexit by issuing his letter to Nicky Morgan with its barmy Treasury predictions. He would surely be sacked if May had any authority. 
Hey ‘bonfire of regulation’ people...You see that wheelbarrow full of isolationist red tape about to be dumped on British businesses and citizens.That’s your Brexit that is. 
Well, brexit will have a large impact on scientific research, projects etc engaged by the UK, so... 
Tory peer reveals PERFECT Brexit no-deal plan as he attacks claims food prices will rocket  
Imagine the embarrassment, rejected by a party stuffed with liars, law breakers and some of the most immoral people involved in politics. 
Brilliant news. Thank you. (No sarcasm here BTW). Now can u address the fact that our country is turning into a shit-heap of a laughing stock throughout the civilised world and bin the joke that is Brexit... then stop whaling in Iceland. Thank you. Much appreciated. X  
And this is the fundamental point about Brexit, it’s so utterly pointless and so utterly illogical we need a #PeoplesVote 
Whether to sell up in the UK or not? Everything I saved for my old age is invested here. Do I hope and wait, and risk being 30% poorer than the 20% already lost through devaluation? Or do I sell up, break my heart, and make a huge loss I can't afford only to see Brexit cancelled? 
Basically, the British government doesn't give a damn about its citizens. #Brexit 
As @IanDunt so eloquently points out, Raab had to convey the clusterf*** of no-deal Brexit, but also try not irk the ERG crazies, so he had to “deliver a speech which made it clear that no-deal would be, yes, a disaster, but also perfectly OK.”  
It seems lying & cheating to win an election/referendum is ok.It seems pursuing economic suicide is fine on the basis of cheating.It seems telling those who cheated that we deserve a fair & free #PeoplesVote to decide if we want to stop this amounts to a coupWe're screwed. 
Watching Sky News spin up the Brexit fear. Apparently we will have a shortage of sperm for IVF as we import that from Belgium. Who would have thought there was a sperm shortage in the UK? No food, fuel, medicines and now sperm apparently, trouble is they actually believe it!! 
I'm European British. I'm absolutely mortified as the damage that bloody referendum has done to the Islands Formerly known as the United Kingdom. I'm ashamed to be associated with being British because of the kind of knuckle dragging nationalist wankers who treat anyone badly. 
I truly believe that people take everything that Philip Hammond says with a pinch of salt. He has spewed out these lies since Brexit won and I am still waiting for these calamities to happen! He doesn’t know when to give up does he?  
Let's just suppose for a second that Salmond (allegedly) isn't the first politician to keep his hands to himself.Is this bigger news than, say, food rationing due to Brexit? Hmm.... 
Imagine how Brexit might have worked out a little bit better had Theresa May not continually worked to lock out opposition parties, devolved parliaments, businesses, trade unions ... from having any influence on the process in order to run it as her own personal project.  
I am not the same as Brexit. Please stop with the comparisons. Peace is not a means to an end.1. People here had lived through 30 years of what went before and so knew what the issues were2. The EU referendum had a booklet that was nowhere near as neutral as my own text  
These last few weeks the risk Brexit involves, and the inability of the govt to control the process has become, rather suddenly, very evident. There is a deepening sense of crisis.  There is no leadership. 
"The public view on Brexit is shifting and it is incumbent on all of us from across the political spectrum who believe in democracy to come out on one side or the other of this crucial debate in our history."Damn right @MenziesCampbell#remainernow 
God, I wish Labour would actually oppose Brexit. 
I watched your speech on #BBC parliament late lastnight you gave on Churchill Not a #tory supporter at any time but must say it made me proud to be #British hence why I think #brexit is a disaster & #Remain is the answer As for #mogg he should have gone to #ukip or lost his seat. 
This is what the Chancellor thinks (or rather, still thinks. It’s basically a restatement of old warnings about no deal but significant he still quotes it). It isn’t what Brexit Secretary Raab thinks  
My company supplies services to EU companies and universities.It’s 70% of our business, & I travel around the EU regularly to work on projects.My business isn’t part of the motor industry, agriculture or banking, so it’s unlikely to be a priority for Govt.#screwed by #Brexit 
It’s an odd thing, Femi. I’ve never had anybody say that I should be deported for my opinions on Brexit, even though I am originally from South Africa. I wonder white that is. 
Not sure this even qualifies as "News". Dismal Blairite soft-socialist Remainer Hammond has been undermining Brexit strategy ever since Friday 24th June 2016.Sack him, now, & appoint a Chancellor who believes in both Brexit *and* small-c conservatism.   
Delighted to see David Lidington being so firm on 'no deal' #Brexit. 'No deal' is 'no threat' to the Union. 
.@FrancesOGrady is right, #Brexit will be devastating for working people.There is only one deal that will restore confidence, boost economic growth and restore the value of the pound in your pocket. That is the deal that sees Britain #Remain in the EU. Leading, not leaving. 
NEW: Philip Hammond under fire tonight for seemingly undermining Dominic Raab, though Treasury sources tell me that the Brexit Secretary was shown a draft of the Chancellor’s letter two weeks ago and it was agreed it would be published today, in tandem with the ‘no deal’ papers.  
Dear #FBPE friends, another dark day draws to a close. But somewhere in my heart I still believe we will have THAT party together when Brexit is finally  defeated. Remember, I am bringing 60 bottles of Champagne x20 . It's going to #eliteAF  
What does no-deal Brexit mean for UK science?  
I’m not a bot, I’m a long time Tory voter and find your behaviour since the eu referendum massively detrimental to the Conservative party , you should just admit to being a Liberal Democrat 
Many thanks to @postcards_48 & @albawhitewolf for coming to Stamford tonight. Together we will stop Brexit.  
YOU WANT TO TRY AND KEEP YOUR EU CITIZENSHIP??THE EU WANTS TO HELPWE NEED TO GET 1,000,000 ON THIS OFFICIAL EU RECOGNISED PETITION.  SIGN AND SHARE ACROSS EUROPE.  ALL CURRENT EU CITIZENS CAN SIGN#PeoplesVote #Brexit #Remain #BrexitShambles 
At my sports training this evening in Berlin.The coach - whose job is as a building engineer, and who I’ve not seen in a while - asks me about #Brexit.“Are they really making emergency plans to stockpile medicines?”“Yes”Response: the most woeful shake of the head. 
"Leaving on WTO terms is not as absurdly frightening as the Chancellor of the Exchequer thinks it may be."The Chair of the European Research Group, Jacob Rees-Mogg, discusses the different Brexit options being debated.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg | @BBCTwo | #newsnight 
Latest Project Fear planning meeting:"Time to go nuclear! Tell them they'll run out of sperm if we leave the EU!""Will we still produce sperm if we have a, ahem, SOFT Brexit?""Call it a flacid Brexit!"#StandUp4Brexit #ProjectFear#Brexit 
"It could leave us in a situation where we are unable to trade for up to nine months and that could be devastating for our industry" - Helen Browning, CEO of the Soil Association, on how a no-deal Brexit would impact organic farmers. @SoilAssociation | @BBCTwo | #newsnight 
The advantages that Dominic Raab outlines here in a 'no deal' #Brexit scenario are indeed everything we were asked to vote upon and we voted for.  
Disappointing that @UKLabour were unable to provide a spokesperson to appear on @BBCNewsnight tonight to discuss #Brexit . They now have TWO Tory MP's talking about it, with no one from Labour to provide balance. What is the point of the @UKLabour shadow government?? 
"The Treasury is desperate to stop Brexit."Yes, with good reason, Jacob. It can't just pop off and set up in Dublin instead to weather the Brexit nuclear winter. 
Is anyone surprised? @PhilipHammondUK has been trying to undo #Brexit for ages.  
Higher credit card charges, slower service, more regulation—and less sperm. The British government’s picture of life after a "no deal" Brexit isn’t a pretty one  
“It’s far more challenging for all those contracts that were sold prior to Brexit” - says Brexit adviser Jonathan de Beer, adding that a lot of customers will be left in “legal limbo”.@JondeBeer | @BBCTwo | #newsnight 
The NHS is in crisis, prisons are on brink of collapse, we've no solution to the social care crisis, we're not saving enough for retirement, the railways barely function and people on the news are talking about UK stockpiling drugs for the completely avoidable idiocy of Brexit 
"It becomes clear that this is the biggest logistical challenge we've faced in peacetime."Mike Thompson tells us how the prospects of a "no deal" Brexit challenge the pharmaceutical industry@ABPI_UK | #newsnight 
It’s official, Brexit really is a load of wank from a small gene pool.  
So Raab’s bizarre claim about UK being better off under  any #Brexit scenario has already been demolished -by his Tory Cabinet colleague , the Chancellor.   The tragic farce continues, with all of us the victims…  
Oh, and this is an interesting essay on the nature of EU governance. This is what the referendum should’ve been about at a higher level tbh. 
Great to see Labour holding this bankrupt shambolic Government to account on the day it finally revealed the true cost of a no deal Brexit by *double checks notes* demanding we all find out where the presenters of BBC Look East went to school 
Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union Dominic Raab suggested most people won't be affected by a no-deal Brexit. Then up pops chancellor Philip Hammond who publishes a letter warning it will have 'large fiscal consequences'  
Surely the British will not allow these Brexit horrors to occur? They will and must recover their instinctive love for stability & rebel against the Brexit cultist tenancy. ⁦@pollytoynbee⁩ lays it all out brilliantly here and we need to wake up fast. 
If Brexit was a person.........  
Friday's Times: "Brexit splits in cabinet laid bare by Hammond"#tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis) 
The comedy #Brexiters who should have thought thing through, perhapsGrimsby - conclusively vote LeaveIt's fishing industry is now asking for a special exemption deal to avoid Brexit ruining their businessYeah right, you won deal with it 
I am nobody. I’ve built small businesses, some successful, some not,  I’ve worked for some huge global companies, been unemployed, travelled a lot, speak some languages & met lots of people. I said before 24/6/16 that Brexit would be a disaster. Yet May still doesn’t realise. 
Friday's i: "New cabinet rift on UK's plan for no-deal Brexit"#tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis) 
David Hockney meets post-Brexit Britain.  
I’m publishing my own Brexit Papers1/ Don’t Buy any German Cars as they will be more expensive and could take six months to arrive.2/ French wine will be on the Banned list.3/Irish Beef will only be sold if we are short of our own British Beef.4/ BBC to move to Paris. 
Today’s announcements from government very much confirm:No Brexit is better than No Deal. 
Operation Brexit Scaremongering is in full cry. ITV News joining the BBC and the government remainers in a blatant attempt to undermine the democratic will of the people. 
When I should have been studying for exams I remember thinking that there was plenty of time. Then moments later there was no point because it was too late.The government's just done that with Brexit. 
Here is #remainernow Luke again (whose video I shared earlier). He makes a very clear point about what is now clear about brexit but the brave thing is that he is doing this on 's timeline & willing to take it on the chin from trolls.@lukesamuel_ 
It is not just @jeremycorbyn who isn’t answering the question “Will we be better off after Brexit?”The Government isn’t answeringThe Brexiteers aren’t answeringUKIP aren’t answeringBecause there is no credible scenario under which the economy won’t suffer long term damage. 
I suspect these German companies would also continue to trade with the UK after Brexit. It's just business.  
           Brexit means brexit means no deal is better than a bad deal is red white and blue jobs first hard soft seamless is frictionless we hold all the cards easiest deal in history ambitious sunlit uplands             
Can we really manage a no-deal Brexit if we are still putting our cards into ATMs the wrong way up?  
The red pill is a morphine drip for logical men.Gender non-binary is neo-punk.MGTOW are cowards.Brexit is good, but not for reasons commonly stated.ESFJs only obstruct progress in the workplace.Most entrepreneurs are too agreeable to possess true vision.  
This potentially more than doubles the number of staff working on Brexit  
“Majority backing for a “people’s vote” on the Brexit terms is now a real political factor. Labour’s Keir Starmer made clear on Thursday that the option is now on the table.” Every day, growing momentum for a #PeoplesVote grow. #FFS 
"Ask Dublin" Brexit notice prompts memories of MP's 1988 advice to Belfast student - your name is unpronounceable, you must be Irish so go ask the Irish government.... could not make this up  
The LadyBird book of #Brexit regrets with someone who looks remarkably like @DominicRaab 
Utter bunk. No plan at all. What about the Irish border?What kind of deal with the SM? Your customs union policy has conditions attached that the EU can’t meet.Neither Tory nor Lab Brexit has the first clue.   
Brexiteers will always put #Brexit above party allegiance and work within the parameters presented to achieve it, as proven in the referendum. And especially so when it's being perceived as a total betrayal of the democratic process. 
The only thing bad for London is you Mr Khan. A no deal Brexit isn't going to cause soaring knife crimes. It isn't going to make London more dangerous than the most dangerous cities amongst the first world. You however... Your incompetence already did.  
It wasn’t from day one for me, though. You know this. I spent literally years waiting for him to take the fight to the enemy. All he does is preach to the choir while the country lurches into unnecessary pain & his core obsess about centrists instead of Brexit. It’s pathetic. 
Once upon a time the ‘prime’ minister used to lead on the biggest issues facing the country - like a no-deal Brexit - while the ‘leader of the opposition’ used to ‘lead’ an ‘opposition’ to the GovernmentSo old fashioned 
Philip Hammond's £80bn no-deal warning exposes Tory Brexit rift  
Philip Hammond’s letter warning of no deal Brexit risk was NOT cleared by Downing Street.No 10 & Raab are furious, Telegraph understands.Govt source: ‘This was a deliberate intervention by Philip, he knew exactly what he was doing.’ 
What are these Schrödinger’s no-deal Brexit preparations?The Government are taking it very seriously.But we shouldn’t take it seriously at all.But the EU should take this very seriously. 
Philip Hammond does not support Brexit and has done everything to talk down the economy.  Every treasury forecast since we voted to leave the EU has been wrong, he is obsessed with staying in the EU & is still trying to stop a real brexit..  
It's the brexit non dividend. It's a disgrace 3.7billion put aside to pay for it. That would fix our prisons or pay for 1000s more nurses or social workers. But no expense spared on Tory Brexit 
We couldn't possibly have the UK government actually stand up for the UK & take on the EU could we? Government more concerned with talking us down to stop proper Brexit..  
I am sure I wasn't the first to argue before the referendum that immigration would not be controlled by #Brexit, merely those who came here in similar numbers would just be a different cohort.And so it's proven. #brexitshambles 
The no deal papers are absolute proof that the government is now bereft of ideas over Brexit. If I were Barnier, I would be amused and bemused by this side of the channel. 
Well my @twitter handle made  the @BBCNews tonight . That’s all my daughter said after my #Brexit chat , love my kids glad #Brexit doesn’t mean much to her now , but this could be a  life changing time for my three children in the future. Lets hope for a good deal.#farming 
So I've been reading through the government's "No Deal" planning and this has really shaken me - if the attached is true then we need to cancel Brexit immediately.  
Northern Ireland firms dismayed at May's 'ask Dublin' Brexit advice  
“Rule takers” has always been a faux attack line. An “orderly” Brexit requires at least some regulatory alignment with EU. Anyway, EU membership, Norway model, and WTO all require adherence to a rulebook of some form. Suggesting otherwise is either disingenuous or illiterate.  
Tory Remainers fear new members will elect new leader: @jackbuckby —  | #UK #Brexit #politics 
2016: Red bus says £350m/week for NHS2018: Hard Brexit means £80Bn LOSS in tax revenue (that’s £1.5Bn/ week for comparison  
Morten Morland on Dominic Raab revealing his No Deal Brexit scenerio – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
BBC news report that Arron Banks has been denied Conservative Party Membership. The Tories are pathetic they have denied him Party membership but allowed him to lie and cheat to fix the Referendum result.Mrs May have some decency and do something about it. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
How bad has this got to be before we acknowledge that Brexit is not possible without irreparable damage to the country? #StopBrexit 
More proof that the Tory leadership are anti Brexit.  But it doesn’t matter what they say or do because the membership is still overwhelmingly Eurosceptic & will back a brexiteer to be the next PM..  
The thing is this... there’s some important #Brexit stuff we need to talk about tomorrow. But I know many of you will be thinking about the BH weekend and the weather and traffic and BBQs and having a couple of beers. So we’ll do our best to cover that too. @bbc5live 6am 
Brexit has reminded me that during the late 70's/ early 80's the company I worked for were approached by a government department to make sure we could supply beef dripping to East Anglia's chip shops in the event of nuclear war. 
Great thread. If you know little of capital markets, then this piece of legislation is intended to force UK banks to sell off EU investments and invest in British ones instead on or after Brexit day. The Law of Unintended Consequences will apply. Should result in chaos.  
Kate here, conveniently not talking about the recently released Brexit advisory papers.  Probably because she's one of the horrible ghouls who passed everything off as 'Project Fear'.A truly despicable person.  
It turns out Britain imports donated sperm, primarily from the U.S. and Denmark 
INDEPENDENT DIGITAL: Labour clears way for new referendum #tomorrowspaperstoday 
For over 4 decades most of the people behind the "People's Vote" argued that the public couldn't possibly be trusted with a vote on the EU. Now they've lost they want to keep voting until we give them the result they want.We're leaving. You can have a rematch in 2057#brexit  
Time to re up my take down of the Treasury's incredibly dubious Brexit forcasts, since the Chancellor seems determined to wheel them out again for yet another instalment of dodgy project fear.   
MR Hard-core BREXIT TACKLE (me ): Serial killers. Don't care about getting the ball just that the player doesn't get past them. Have more bodies than some peeps in Pen. Concrete cage pitch? Doesn't matter coz they'll still hack you down. Bane of A&E services nationwide.  
Raab in 2016 expected ‘lower civil service headcount’ and ‘reduction in bureaucracy’ from Brexit.That worked out well then.  
British doctors have hit back at @Nigel_Farage’s claims that they are scaremongering, arguing they have a duty to be honest with the people about the “real dangers” of a no-deal #Brexit. 
One alarming analogue here is UKIP. It never won significant parliamentary representation but it further radicalized a section of the Tory vote and caused Cameron to call the Brexit referendum. You don't have to "win" in order to *win*.  
Democracy Demands Brexit.#ForTheNation  
Brexit is chaotic and destructive  in itself, but with no deal it becomes even more so according to UK government today.  
These no-deal papers and plans are just a ludicrous bluff. Brinkmanship only works if it’s underpinned by credibility, and this government ran out of credibility many moons ago... An #EEA-based Brexit has always been the only viable option. Tick-tock...  
"Couples turning to fertility clinics in a bid to have children could be left with “heartache” if a no-deal Brexit results in a lack of sperm, pro-EU campaigners have warned."Pro EU campaigners are mostly all wankers. Shouldn't be a supply problem going forward  
I voted Labour in 1997. But I joined the conservatives 2 weeks ago. The party is changing before your eyes @annasoubrymp so SUCK IT UP. We want a #brexit PM not a #FBPE hard remaniac 
One day we’ll look back on the government no-deal Brexit papers and laugh, thereby betraying our position to the roaming cannibal vigilantes, who will drag us from our cave and harvest us for protein. 
Have you all heard this? @JasonJHunter is a hero. Please RT. A must listen. Just brilliant. Former trade negotiator to Hong Kong Jason Hunter debunks Brexit... 
To those saying Corbyn won't answer if Britain would be worse off with Brexit. Here you are:  "If you go down the road being promoted by the Tory right, of a deal with the U.S. We would undoubtedly be a lot worse off!"How about asking the Tories who are in the negotiations?  
People of the UK. We are being sacrificed at the altar of ultra conservatism.#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
@BBCNews please invite @JasonJHunter to enlighten you on the economic disasters of #Brexit! If you are not sure, have a listen here:Former trade negotiator to Hong Kong Jason Hunter debunks Brexit... 
@bbclaurak @bbcnickrobinson Please, please, PLEASE interview @JasonJHunter about Brexit. 
Something else which became clear today- even in the event of a no deal, the government basically intends to shadow EU regulations. So whether we have a soft Brexit in the EEA or the hardest Brexit with no deal, Britain will basically be a rule taker...Taking back control? 
I am a newmember Mrs Soubry, I want BREXIT as promised by May at Lancaster House. You stood on a manifesto which promised this, calling for a people's vote & trying to overturn the democratic vote is NOT acceptable.  Aaron seems more Conservative than some MPs, yourself included. 
"I think that the folly of all time for any of us living in Europe and in England is Brexit" - says director Peter Brook.Catch the full interview at 22:30 on BBC Two.@StephenSmithBBC | @BBCTwo | #newsnight 
I waited avidly today ... for a first glimpse of the government's #brexit papers !I was so disappointed.Not ONE of them was titled "Your brexit guide to health, wealth & happiness"or"A list of tangible brexit benefits"or"How brexit will benefit you"or"The ERG Plan" pic.twitter.com/JFsBBKDdgv 
Now with added Chair.Pleased to announce that responsibility for chairing this event next Friday will be in the capable hands of Jim Fitzpatrick of @BBCnireland.Sign up now to nab one of the few remaining places!@QPolAtQueens @UKandEU #Brexit #Borders 
Oh. Labour has alternative Brexit plan, Gardiner’s article in The Guardian says.I read it.Not a single mention of the Irish border.And a “new, strong, single market deal with the EU”.Good luck with that as #Brexit is 220 days away! 
Dad says we have to stockpile 6 months worth of #Brexit medicine...goodness knows where we'll store 600 tinnies of beer and 8 bottles of whisky......... 
Here's a question though: given that you must understand how crushed Remain voters were to be dragged out of the EU against their wishes, why has the response from Leave voters been so hostile? Why haven't the benefits of Brexit been communicated to win us over? 
Dogs are demanding a Wooferendum to stop Brexit. Join us and together let’s make the biggest bark in history. #stopbrexit #wooferendum #nodealbrexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality #FBPE #BrexitAusterity #BrexitisFraud 
If this were not so sad it would be funny. Arch Brexiteer ⁦@isaby⁩ doesn’t understand the difference between import and export tariffs. After two years the Brexit Bunch don’t have a clue. Have a listen.  
'Safe as houses'? Brexit looms over UK real estate market  
BREAKING: Pot Noodles will cost £12 if no-deal Brexit goes ahead, government confirms  
So, not only is that a catastrophic setback for trials transparency (thanks again Brexit morons) it's also potentially another barrier to the UK being able to approve new cheap generic medicines. That £350m a week for the NHS (that we're not getting) is going to be spread thin! 
Good thread dissecting govt's 'No Deal Brexit' papers. Big extra costs for business and for consumers. Availability of medicines requires complex preparation, for which 218 days seems an optimistic timeframe to say the least. More reasons to have a #PeoplesVote #ExitFromBrexit 
One thing tells you all you need to know about Brexit. The government aren’t publishing 80 papers entitled “What you can do with your huge new wealth and surplus generated by Brexit” 
— NEW MIGRATION STATS —Net migration from EU: 87,000Net migration from non-EU: 235,000So we’re meant to be doing Brexit to “control” EU migration (like we can control non-EU immigration)... and thereby lower total migration to under 100,000.Spot the logical flaw? 
“Their own selfish interest”says SFIRA, who collapsed the NI Assembly over.....RHI ?? No sorry it was...Brexit ?? No sorry it was...Equality?? No sorry it was..Manners ?? No sorry it was Irish Language Act !!Quick, Somebody ring Adams and ask himWhy did we do it ??   
It's telling that @DominicRaab, once a staunch free-marketer, is willing to impose ruinous red tape on British businesses. Is this the Brexit he voted for?#PeoplesVote 
I’ve thought for a long tome that Keir Starmer would, step-by-step, move Labour policy towards a second referendum. That had to be a slow and careful move because of Brexit-supporting Labour constituencies. Theresa May’s Chequers Proposal has provided a trajectory. 
Farmers: Brexit an Opportunity to Scrap Damaging EU Rules, Reinvigorate British Countryside  
Do you think we will be better off outside the European Union? #pubpolitics #brexit #Ceredigion #Pembrokeshire #Carmarthenshire #Wales 
Did you vote leave? Did you think it would bring economic prosperity to the UK?Well read the Chancellor's summary of what a 'no deal' #brexit, the goal of some, will mean!If this is not what you voted for, speak out as a #remainernow & join the growing welcoming community. 
... In haste I didn't post the source for that quote. It was of course the government's own Brexit "no deal" planning document on medicines, issued today. 
With first past the post you can’t win political power , it’s a fundamental disagreement with @Nigel_Farage . The Conservative grassroots can challenge the leadership and the conditions are now ripe for such a rebellion. The country voted for Brexit and Chequers is a sellout!  
I was a @Conservative member up until 2013 and supported UKIP which forced the referendum. I haven’t been a member of UKIP for more than 2 years. You don’t have a single Conservative value and now want brexiteers banned from joining. You are the Remain extremist !  
What Raab really means is that a tiny minority of the tax and regulation-hating rich would be better off as a UK which has become a gateway to nowhere is forced to adopt libertarian economic policies in order to retain and attract foreign investment.#brexit #PeoplesVote 
The whole rotten house of cards that is Brexit is collapsing.Farage cowardly berating a NHS doctor, Isaby argued into stunned silence, Govt telling us to prepare for the 1940's.It's over, let's move on to the real problems facing us. 
The UK has the lowest level of trust in its media in Europe, so Corbyn is correct.  Why aren't you talking about his proposals?  Why is this about the Brexit question? #c4news 
It’s the job of a responsible government to have the national interests foremost. Your own figures show brexit is a disaster in whatever form. The majority of the country are #remain #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw That’s the gov’s own ministers who were responsible for its governance. 
Let's not hire thousands more civil servants to cope with Brexit. Let's use the £288m to fund public services instead!  
Could you explain your rationale for that statement Andrew ?We are two years in from the EuRef and still NO idea what #Brexit will look like !  
MUST LISTENThis 9 minute clip is massively worth your time.A trade negotiator highlighting all the complexities & issues with international trade and a brexit journalist that has no idea.If you voted leave and are concerned by this, become a #remainernow & join the fight! 
Not much of a fuss made over 4 women slaughtered on the streets of Belgium/France by jihadi nutjobs past couple of days.Perhaps UK media haven't time, with their anti-Brexit scaremongering circus?Or perhaps we just have to accept some fatalities in this quest for cheap labour? 
I cannot begin to see how anyone thinks this is a "bargaining tool". The entire world knows this would be a disaster for us. How the bloody hell did we get here? How a no-deal Brexit could cripple Britain  via @businessinsider 
No Deal Brexit plans REVEALED: All the grimmest small print as Tories issue 25 crucial warnings  Just the usual Project Scare buried in Bureaucratic waffle. PM May a remainer is fighting hard to keep our country under the EU dictatorship. 
OK Scotland:#Indyref2 is not happening because Scotland voted to stay in the UK, and as #GERS shows, the whole idea is absurd.#Brexit is happening in some form, the UK voted for it.So 'leaders':Let us hear your proposals on enterprise, education, health, housing and jobs.  
Brexit ‘No Deal’ Papers Squash ‘Army on the Streets’ Scaremongering, UK Preparing for Opportunities  
What really pisses me right off is when people tell me they voted for Brexit because of immigration.  When I then tell them that I’m an immigrant and they reply: but you’re alright, we didn’t mean you - WTF ??? 
If you weren’t scared by the prospect of a no-deal Brexit before, you sure as hell should be now - The Independent. Why would we do this? #brexit #madness 
There’s just one more Brexit card left ... Let’s see how desperate they get.#NoDealBrexit#TechnicalNotices (- but not actually very technical at all). 
Bob Moran on Jeremy Corbyn and a no deal Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Chancellor Philip Hammond warns of 'large fiscal consequences' of no-deal Brexit  
So can I take it, since exactly the same arguments apply, that you are coming out backing a second Scottish independence referendum? 
David Davis: “Under ANY circumstance we’re going to be better off outside #EUBut I do still think proposal from Chequers, which I argued against very firmly, will NOT meet the undertakings we got from people.And that’s the fundamental problem.”#Brexit 
In Britain, ministers are setting out chaotic shape of No Deal Brexit, which would be disastrous for citizens & companiesIn the US, a president is desperately warning against impeachment as a legal net closes & allies desert himThis is the harsh reality of populism in power 
As usual, Remoaner Faisal misses the point. Brexit is about taking back control and being a self governing nation again. That’s what countless people died to protect in WW2, not some dumb EU regulation on car parts.  We are a massive market for the EU. Trade will continue.  
It's amazing how DMA Design predicted #brexit all those years ago.  
Brexit madman on channel 4  news saying we’ll have cheaper Oranges after Brexit. You can get a decent Orange on Portobello for 20 pence. Are Oranges over priced? . So weird  #orangesarenttheonlyfruit 
#FarageOnLbc The Tory announcement on a no deal Brexit was a complete sharade today. The Tories are set on colluding with the EU to sell out Brexit for the soft version. The Tories have no intention of implementing a no deal Brexit. They are just scared about the rise of @UKIP 
I'm not concerned about the lack of Brexit deal. If football has taught us anything it's that all the best deals are done on the final day. We're gonna end up with so many Robinhos it won't matter we've got no food. 
What a terrible day. Brexit is a mess. My future is as uncertain as Dominic Raab. I’m depressed. But, hey, I’m heading into Newry to see my favourite band, who sing Yeats poems in the style of Bruce Springsteen  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of LEAVE CAMPAIGN LAWBREAKING.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
David Davis declares ANY Brexit scenario will be better than staying shackled to the EU  
Brexit: downward spiral, no worries for those with alternative incomes, offshore accounts, significant wealth, estates abroad. Some might suggest pretty well everyone leading ‘the people’ into this abyss is protected by way of their own personal wealth.  
Today I retweeted tweets from Paul Mason, Catherine McGuinness (policy chair @ City of London), CBI, Tory, Labour, LibDem & Green MPs, MEPs.It is great to see such a diverse selection of people in opposition to such a harmful policy.We beat the poll tax, now we will beat Brexit 
John Bolton abruptly shuts down press conference after BBC reporter asks if Trump is a ‘security risk’Well done @BBCNews. How about you ask some similarly obvious questions in relation to Brexit? 
Do you think we are heading for a no-deal Brexit? #FarageOnLBC 
Britain seeks to calm fears of "no-deal" Brexit doomsday. But the assurances still stir worry.  
The American people must see redactions of FISA warrant before midtermsExpose all involved and let America's vote be a referendum against corruptionKeeping info hidden misleads many to vote for CORRUPT #DeepState candidates#DrainTheSwamp #Declassify #FISA .@realDonaldTrump 
So many bad aspects of #Brexit it is hard to know where to start. Drop in £, growth stagnation, NHS staff crisis, all this before we leave. Why does Corbyn deny this? Lab leaders response to today's Govt no-deal scenario typically tepid & pathetic #FBPE 
The traditional business and political systems do not work anymore and we have been witnessing some profound events recently, from worsening of the crisis in the Middle East to Brexit and US elections.  via @BBNTimes_en 
This is incredibly important. Even the EU is so worried about the disenfranchisement of UK citizens post Brexit shambles that they are creating a liferaft. Sign up if you are not happy with having your EU membership torn away.  
Hi @WalkerWorcester We see your constituency voted to leave. We're intrigued to know if you'll join the growing number of MPs who are going to #StandUp4Brexit & reject the #ChequersPlan (which is'nt #Brexit) when you return to parliament?We'd love your support.  
“Brexit is a complex business, (which is) why we are lucky to be getting out now, before ever-closer union and a faltering Eurozone combine to make later departure dark and bitter” Lee Rotherham - @DrBrexit#StandUp4Brexit 
Karma is real! Last year after the independence referendum, the Iran regime was a (the) key player in imposing sanctions and flight ban on Kurdistan! Now it's getting a dose of same medicine, albeit a much much heavier one!  
I've written my own Brexit impact paper. It says 'forget the whole thing' - The Independent  
Reminder that the referendum is over, we won, and you don’t have to be nice to randomers in pubs anymore who want to “debate” . 
This is unacceptable in what until Brexit was an advanced civilised society, which this government & the Brexiters are trashing. This is Third World stuff: “Medicine stockpiles and emergency airlifts in the event of 'no-deal' Brexit - Sky News  
Every member of my family voted to remain in the EU. My son is type 1 diabetic. Can’t express how angry I am that his insulin supply could now be interrupted by #Brexit. If the health of my son is harmed I will be holding @theresa_may and her cronies responsible. 
Why nobody believes that the U.K. is ready for a “no deal” Brexit:  
Many are talking about a No Deal Brexit being pretty disasterous and they are correct - BUT Even a deal (countless possible  permutations of which) will mean grief and hassle of borders and not as good as today and pretty disasterous too. 
The UK's main business lobby group isn't impressed by the  latest no-deal Brexit strategy. 'Those who claim crashing out of the EU on World Trade Organization rules is acceptable live in a world of fantasy'  
A ‘no deal’ Brexit would be an unmitigated disaster for our country #BrexitShambles 
I created a WordCloud from 20,000+ words from @DExEUgov's technical notices. The words that stand out the most are "Need, EEA, Deal".Are they trying to tell us something? #NoDealBrexit #Brexit #EEA #EFTA @OFOCBrexit @EFTA4UK @LeaveHQ 
..so, once again, ladies and gentlemen, that is VERY BIG POTATOES INDEED, and another good example of how little forethought has gone into Brexit from the Brexiteers. Their simple, unrealistic, populist fantasies will prove very expensive for us all. Now if you'll excuse me... 
Any time you make trade harder or more confusing, you're giving big business a gift, shooting Western small business in the foot and shooting developing country small business in the head.Garage innovators can't afford Deloitte to help them navigate No-Deal Brexit. 
Today the #Brexit Technical Notices were released, some escaped, you don't need to read them, here is a summary.#NoDealBrexit 
I'm kinda pining for the days when we had a choice of people to vote for.Remember when the Tories were pro-EU and Labour didn't want to impose austerity? Now they've just morphed into one useless Brexit party with sod all leadership. 
Commenting after the British government published guidance on a No Deal Brexit, Sinn Féin MLA Máirtín Ó Muilleoir said the Tory party's reckless Brexit agenda presents disaster and chaos for the people of the north. .@newbelfast 
Also for those who are *not* about to Brexit. This needs support from people in a range of EU member states as well as those in the UK.  
Our Party"s #Brexit policy needs to reflect the overwhelming wishes of our voters and our members - our Conference in late September is the ideal opportunity to make this happen!  
Anybody ever heard of a couple divorcing who ended up with "No deal"? They might hate each other but always have to come with SOME arrangement over sharing children, maintenance payments, property division etc. #brexit 
Sixty Conservative Eurosceptics write to the party's grassroots renouncing Theresa May's Brexit-in-name-only Chequers plan: #BrexitBetrayal 
Dear @Keir_Starmer brexit is going to damage business small and large  and our economy up and down the country whether it’s deal or no deal.  You all know it in your hearts #PeoplesVote is the only way out #FBPE @peoplesvote_uk 
The generics market has a lot of turnover, new products, tight margins. The NHS benefits from the low cost medicines this market produces.The govt's no-deal Brexit plan looks to me like it will block approvals, and hit generics hard. This could get expensive for the NHS...  
According to @SkyNews  Aaron Banks has been refused membership of the Tories. If that isn't evidence that the Tories are not the party of Brexit, I don't know what is 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna makes it clear that fears of no deal are project reality. The public need a #finalsay and #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal  
Hey @jeremycorbyn - why can't you answer a simple question? Will we be better off after Brexit? #ExitfromBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
How LAB voters in latest YouGov poll are splitting on Brexit. I think the 76% saying Brexit wrong is the highest yet.  
.@BBCNews pulling out all the stops on the anti-Brexit propaganda. 'We will be able to enjoy a bacon sandwich after we leave, but the cost will be higher, possibly...maybe...'Give me strength 
CCHQ doing its bit to build a big Brexit tent  
From "£350 million more a week for the NHS", to Matt Hancock pleading with GPs not to stockpile life saving medicines. This is the story of #Brexit.A story that must end with a #PeoplesVote and @UKLabour leading the campaign to #Remain in the EU. 
Lays launch their new post brexit flavour crisps - Soylent Green.In a statement they said: "it's (the will of) the people" and that the new flavour had "a hint of gammon".  @lays#fbpe #DominicRaab 
It's time to call out @jeremycorbyn, says @cajardineMPJeremy Corbyn claims to stand up to the Tories, but in the fight against Brexit he's uncharacteristically quiet.Follow the link below and see how you can help call out Corbyn. 
The simplest way to explain how out of touch the @duponline are is that they ignored the wishes of the people of NI to give the English the Brexit THEY want and in doing so they jeopardise the thing they hold most dear & the Moggs, Goves, Johnsons would shaft them in a heartbeat. 
A financial crisis, shortage of medicine & NHS staff and the collapse of our farming industry. Not to mention the impact on national security from angry immigrants.Is it really worth it? Brexit is proving to be impossible. Let's just remain and move on.#NoDealBrexit 
Today seems a timely moment to retweet this exchange with @DominicRaab from 2016 in which he challenged my very gentle suggestion that #Brexit would require more civil servants and bureaucracy....  
For Britain's huge financial services industry, there was little comfort to be found in the batch of government planning documents for a "no-deal" Brexit  
Irish Govt should have an open door to all businesses (& citizens) on the island of Ireland. That being said, Dominic Raab’s comments today, “speak to Dublin”, smack of supreme arrogance & typical British dismissiveness. They created the mess & want Dublin to mop it up. #Brexit 
Interesting thread.We're only looking at no deal because the Brexit case was built on false claims and vague fantasies, and when Brexiters were put in charge of Brexit they tried to act as if their made up beliefs were true. Reality doesn't care about your lies. It cracks on.  
What the fuck is the UK doing? This No Deal preparedness nonsense is completely fucking insane. Nobody on this Godforsaken island needs this shit whatever their circumstances. Just ditch Brexit, enforce the immigration controls allowed by the EU and get on with life. 
I've signed.. I am European.. please rt share and sign if you want to keep your EU citizenship .. and if UK It will also help scupper brexit  
Advice coming in from the government on how to survive a no deal brexit. #DominicRaab #fbpe #PeoplesVote 
Brexit  
What do the government's Brexit "no-deal" papers reveal?  
This is all too familiar sounding: “Arron Banks – the main donor behind  [Brexit] was offered the chance of making potentially enormous profits in a deal featuring a Russian gold company.” #ProtectOurVotes  1/ 
Chris Southworth(Chamber of Commerce) - I don't know a single company that has spoken to me in the last 2 years that thinks #brexit is a good idea. Adding on a % of cost for companies is the difference between a factory been built in the UK or being built in Germany.#FBPE 
Inverclyde Labour members are penned in to stop them escaping as Jeremy Corbyn explains why he prefers the Hokey Cokey to the Slosh (In the Hokey Cokey you are in out in out, a bit like Brexit).  
So the DUP’s ‘ingenious’ solution to the Brexit border problem is a 15 billion pound bridge to Scotland, the like of which has never been built, that will somehow be paid for by someone else... ? It’s literally unbelievable. #Ridiculous 
They are just telling the hard truth.Brexit weakens UK businesses. The weakened pound makes them further vulnerable. Brexit will result in an unprecedented shift of ownership of UK assets and the profits of UK worker's labour into foreign ownership. 
@Arron_banks is spot on with this! #Brexit supporters must join the Tories now so we can get a true eurosceptic as leader!  
"It's much too easy to exaggerate the difficulties of a 'no deal' Brexit" - my comments on @BBCNews. Tune in here:  #NoDealBrexit 
4. ‘broken promise’ 3 - Labour is committed to protecting the interests of British workers post-Brexit.  And Keir Starmer and JC are not the same person.  Labour policy is accepting the democratic will of the British people. 
Scotland is running out of options....Remain chained to Westminster & an ill-conceived shambolic Brexit disasterORWe can build a greener, fairer, inclusive,outward-looking and more prosperous society with decisions made by a government WE voted for!#YouYesYet#indyref2 
Get over it Remoaners. It was YOU who told us, loudly and clearly, EXACTLY what leaving the EU meant (emergency budget, 500k job losses, World War 3, back in the queue) just for voting to leave, and we still voted for Brexit anyway. 
"HMT's now-infamous warning that GDP could fall by up to 6% & unemployment soar by up to 800k in the first 2 years after a Brexit vote, will be studied by generations of economists as an example of hubris. It is the economic equivalent of the Iraq dossier" @gavinesler 
For businesses who have planned for the #Brexit scenarios, there won’t be many surprises in today’s no-deal government papers. For those who haven't, it's time to act:  
No-deal Brexit could disrupt delivery of foreign sperm to Britain  
The “no-deal” #brexit nightmares that the government admits to - and remember, some #brexiter MPs actually want that! (via @InFactsOrg ): 
This year's TV Moment of the Year (sponsored by @Twitter) is @MrDDyer’s unique take on Brexit on @itvgeb, @ITV. Watch the moment again here:  #EdTVFest pic.twitter.com/DXVhhgThiW 
'If you weren’t scared by the prospect of a no deal Brexit before, you sure as hell should be now'  
The Government is totally cynical. Mounting no deal stories aided by the BBC to soften the public into gratefully accepting any deal on offer and denying the public a People’s Vote. Dishonest, self serving politicians with no integrity.Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Brexit is never going to happen  
Superb. “Brexit is like the snake eating its own tail. It creates all the things eurosceptics have spent decades telling us they hate.” 
Hi @Royston_Smith We see that your constituency voted overwhelmingly for leave. Will you join the growing number of MPs to pledge to #StandUp4Brexit & reject the #ChequersPlan (which is not #Brexit) when you return to parliament?We would love to have your commitment.  
Brexit News:Dominic Raab confirms that "Project Fear" is "Project Stone Cold Reality", after all.#StopBrexit 
Britons living in EU could lose access to UK bank services in no-deal Brexit  
UK food exports to EU may be stalled by 'no deal' Brexit: NFU  
thousands of Bollocks to Brexit stickers are being handed out right now at the Reading festival. They are being snapped up, can't get them out quickly enough. Well done to the team who organised this. Respect. #FBPE #readingfestival 
“Hey Remoaners why are you always  complaining about Brexit and doing the country down? The economy is doing just fine, there was no cliff edge - so stop your project fear, losers!! ” BREXIT HASN’T HAPPENED YET YOU DOPES  
.@DominicRaab's Dept. has published this advice in relation to businesses in NI & Brexit. If you need advice and support, @Inter_Trade can help. We are based in Co. Down and have a Brexit Advisory service + funding available for SMEs in Northern Ireland. @NIChamber @IoDNI 
Consider this: Brexit was devised by 'the brains of Britain'.  
That is interesting. 7.7% reduction in GDP growth equals £55bn (at current 36% percent of tax over GDP) less tax per annum. That means that Treasury estimate on Brexit on cost to Govt outside economic impact is £25bn pa - 3 X current EU net contribution. 
We will be worse off, it will make it more difficult and more bureaucratic to trade with our closest neighbours, our rights will be diminished, supply chains will be disrupted, I could go on. Why the hell are we proceeding with Brexit??? 
"To those getting GCSE results today, have you considered a career in BREXIT?" by Barbarossa - just FP'd:  
Event coming up at Plymouth University on 29th October talking WTO/Brexit... more info to come. 
The Government's announcement today confirms a no deal Brexit would be very damaging to London and the UK. The only responsible thing for them to do is immediately rule it out. 
No deal would be a catastrophe for our country as today’s documents  prove & a responsible Govt would now make it clear it is not an option. British business must make public its private pleas for a customs union & membership of EFTA #Brexit deal. Time is running out #courage 
I see the government states in the #Brexit papers that part of its planning is to stockpile medicines and vaccines#Leavers did you vote knowing the government would need to stockpile life saving vaccines and medicines? No? Then get behind the #PeoplesVote. This is effin madness 
Why are people piling in on corbyn? Is he truly that bad? How fucking strong is this smear campaign against him? — they (tories, tabloids, rich folks) need him gone before brexit, is my guess. i figure they see t...  
Boston Consulting Group salivating on the prospect of advising Private Equity houses on how to cash in on the destruction of the British Aerospace industry by Brexit.What a fucking party. 
Why Wait, Leave Now!'UK would be a net Winner of order £650 Billion under WTO rules.If we Leave Now we advance benefits of Leaving & we do not pay £39 Billion as we haven’t done a deal.Leaving under WTO rules is the way we should go.'#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Having refused a conversation about VAT and "no deal" Brexit, I had to submit questions by email. This was my email.  
Brexit Republic is back! Where do we stand with the negotiations? What outcomes are likely as we face into a torrid autumn? And was the UK spying on EU institutions? We hear from ⁦@lichamber⁩ of FF and minister ⁦@HMcEntee⁩ on the govts strategy  
Hi @JohnStevensonMP We see your constituency voted overwhelmingly for leave. We wondered if you'll pledge to #StandUp4Brexit & reject the #ChequersPlan (which is not #Brexit) when you return to parliament?We'd love to have you on board with those MPs who have pledged already  
•May needs no-deal to look awful—a comparison is the only thing to recommend her own rubbish Chequers plan•Hardliners need it to look fine—it’s the only form of Brexit which does not demand that they face the existence of objective realityBy @IanDunt 
Life long Labour voter, but won't support them again, unless they change their attitude to Brexit and #PeoplesVote 
No surprise there, I have never seen a positive feature on Brexit or the Government, ever, they have actively promoted the EU an always encourage negativity towards UK negotiations 
Dear God!Disaster capitalist consulting firm advises UK Govmnt on Brexit while simultaneously advising commercial clients to asset strip major UK industry because Brexit will screw itOr we could save UK aerospace industry and #StopBexit 
Hey @jeremycorbyn - why can't you answer a simple question? Will we be better off after Brexit? #ExitfromBrexit #FinalSay 
.@Arron_banks = #HighToryGang RT to protect your timeline from anti-patriotic remoaners and soft “brexit” low tory traitors!#BlueWave  
Today's Brexit news: - Government publishes first no-deal Brexit papers- Jacob Rees-Mogg pens explosive “chuck Chequers” letter to Tory grassroots- Labour’s Barry Gardiner says a second referendum would undermine democracy 
Thousands of @LeaveEUOfficial supporters have already signed up to ensure they have a say on the next prime minister in any @Conservatives leadership election. With the right leader we can ensure Brexit is a huge success for Britain!  Join today:  
SPEECHLESS!BBC - UK's 'no-deal' Brexit plans warn of credit card fees No-deal Brexit: Britons in EU could lose access to UK bank accounts BBC - No-deal Brexit: A costly prospect for many consumers and firms  
It couldn't be plainer. Labour supporters are overwhelmingly opposed to Britain leaving the EU. The party has nothing to lose and everything to gain from coming out strongly against Brexit. SO WHY WON'T IT?  
Why do we need a #PeoplesVote? Because Northern Ireland got one.Before the Good Friday Agreement was signed, they had a referendum where everyone in Northern Ireland got a copy of the agreement. They could see what they were voting for in black&white. All Brits deserve that too 
why the fuck are we not rioting in the streets to stop Brexit? 
It is @Plaid_Cymru's view that there is no mandate for a disastrous no deal Brexit and the people should therefore be allowed to vote on whether or not such a scenario should be allowed to happen, if no deal is agreed.  
Brexit is like the Berlin Wall, we’ll keep bashing away at it until it’s history. 
We have just sold our 500,000th Bollocks to Brexit sticker and any profits we made has gone back in to remain, primarily in to buying flags. Half a million stickers!Lets make it to a million.#BollockstoBrexit 
Brexit Bad Boy Banks Joins Tories  
BFE: Heard the Brexit Preparation Speech from @DominicRaab yet? Far from talking up the sunlit uplands of a glorious Brexit from the EU it all sounds a rather dismal prospect to us! Take a look at his language then sign our petition to demand YOUR say!   
Our Brexitometer in Brixton proved incredibly popular this lunchtime - 200 people participated in just over an hour. 95% think Brexit is going badly and the same proportion want a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. Thanks to Cllr @IrfanMohammed_ for joining us! 
There has never been a referendum result the EU didn’t like that it hasn’t overturned. The Danes, the French, the Irish, the Dutch and the Greeks all voted against the EU and then were forced to vote again or ignored:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Pound sterling drops after government’s no-deal Brexit plans revealed  
Heavily Leave-voting North East is now split 50/50 on #Brexit. Surely a game changer in Labour heartlands for @jeremycorbyn and his team? 
‘No Deal Brexit should not be allowed to go ahead without the people’s consent’ – @steffanlewis 
And I’ll never understand the Britnat mentality. Denmark, France et all are independent countries governing themselves, whilst being in the EU and other global organisations. That’s internationalism. With Brexit we are going to be an isolationist tax haven. No thanks. 
I have asked the normally polite @Jacob_Rees_Mogg how much he would gain from a hard Brexit many times. His silence is deafening. Maybe too busy getting his money off-shore  
Now #Iran-ian regime feels how was it like when they halted flights to #Kurdistan Region over independence referendum.  
Hello @Anna_Soubry & @NickyMorgan01 ... play nicely we are family now!  @TiceRichard  makes three out of the four bad boys of Brexit now Conservative members... only @Nigel_Farage left .. 
What fun. Hammond publishes his own no-deal Brexit analysis  undermining Raab’s it’ll be OKish papers. 
WATCH: @f_grovewhite: "No deal emerging in this way is the product of @theresa_may botched #Brexit deal". We need a #PeoplesVote to give the public the #finalsay 
Says the other party of a Brexit that Scotland didn't vote for.  
Listen to @vincecable calling out Jacob Rees-Mogg's dismissive attitude towards worries over #NoDealBrexit. If you want the final say on Brexit, and the chance to stay in the EU, add your name:  
Ah, who can forget that winning brexit slogan, "stockpiling medicine will be illegal" 
No-deal Brexit papers have revealed UK citizens living in the EU could lose access to their pension and bank accounts. @thomasbrake said: "Given the nightmare consequences Brexit will have for their lives, they deserve an opportunity to stop this mess." #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit means bureaucrats?  Dominic Raab confirmed today 7,000 civil servants now working on Brexit, another 9,000 being recruited. 300 border guards in place, another 1000 being hired. #Brexit @itvnews 
If "no deal" #Brexit (misnomer for trade under WTO rules) happens, the fall-out seems more than containable. And we could save £39bn.   
A no-deal Tory Brexit will damage Scotland - and the whole of the UK's - economy.It's time Ruth Davidson told Theresa May to drop her posturing. Labour is clear: we won't accept a chaotic no-deal Brexit.  
The Brexit strategy increasingly seems to be as follows:1. Leave the EU2. ?????????????3. PROFIT 
2014 - Scotland should vote NO to Indy to stay in the EU2016 - Scotland should vote REMAIN to stay in the EU2016 - Brexit means Brexit and we hold all the Aces2017 - Shut Up Scotland, See You In Court2018 - Stockpile Food, Medicine, Blood2018 - We'll still get BLT sandwiches 
Raab on no-deal Brexit: 'For the vast majority of consumers in this country there is not going to be much change at all, if it's noticeable'Hammond on no-deal Brexit: 'GDP impacts of this magnitude, were they to arise, would have large fiscal consequences.' 
You KNOW that if Trump were in charge, no deal would be his starting point for negotiations.In fact, no deal looks very much like the Brexit I voted for in the first place. I am struggling to see a downside. #NoDealBrexit  
Absolutely explosive intervention by Philip Hammond. Just moments after Dominic Raab suggested most people won't be affected by no-deal Brexit, Philip Hammond publishes a letter warning it will have 'large fiscal consequences'  
Tory party membership donations have plummeted by 40% over the past year. Their members are deserting the party because they know Theresa May is deliberately sabotaging Brexit.If you think Brexit that means Exit then join UKIP and vote UKIP!  
NEW: On the day Dominic Raab tried to reassure the UK about the consequences of a no deal Brexit, Philip Hammond has sent a bombshell letter to Nicky Morgan saying it would have 'large fiscal consequences'. Cat meet pigeons.  
Here's @IanDunt's take on the Brexit No Deal notices.And if you think it sounds bad, you won't want to read what a senior Civil Servant wrote to me yesterday: "however bad it looks from the outside it is a thousand times worse from the inside."  
Government has enough expectation that no Deal Brexit will lead to such delays and chaos to  cross border road haulage that it is asking pharma companies to arrange aeroplanes to fly in short shelf life medicines such as medical isotopes used in cancer treatments  
'If you weren't terrified about the prospect of a no-deal Brexit before, you sure as hell will be now'  
- actually this is letter to pharma companies asking to stockpile 6 weeks of medicines “to cope with potential delays at the border” on Brexit Day - no shyness about the word “stockpile” - Government is organising medicines stockpiles for Brexit - fact.  
A ‘no deal’ Brexit would be an unmitigated disaster - and the fact that UK govt is even talking about it is evidence of their abject failure. That they once had the nerve to tell us that independence threatened our place in Europe adds insult to injury. Scotland deserves better.  
I've read it twice and I'm in utter disbelief that an advisory/non binding referendum has led to a UK govt dishing out this kind of advice to its citizens, this is the result of May capitulating to the hard right, they want this, they're vulture capitalists who'll eat what's left 
Government advice regarding the arts in the event of a no-deal Brexit is that a full cultural life can be had by gathering on hillsides and staring vacantly.  
16) remember too this is ONLY A THIRD of the Brexit no deal docs. Many more to come. If these are anything to go by, they won’t be pretty. 218 days to go. Over and out. 
15) I’ve banged on about this before but once again these docs illustrate an essential brexit truth- if the EU was as powerful and mighty and influential over Britain as the brexiter case claimed it was never going to be easy to leave. 
If you ever wondered what it'd sound like if a pompous Brexit ideologue suddenly came up against an actual expert - here you go. Courtesy of the brilliant @JasonJHunter.Less a debate, more a slaughter. 
Remember that EU initiative to grant permanent EU citizenship if you want it, irrespective of Brexit? Consultation is open NOW. They need 1m signatures from 7 different countries. SIGN AND SHARE:  
letter from Health Secretary /Government telling pharmaceutical companies to stockpile “six weeks supply of medicines” for Brexit Day in seven months’ time as No Deal contingency... arrangements for air freighting medical isotopes also being made.... @pkelso 
Britain is preparing to airlift in medicines with a short shelf life if London cannot strike a #Brexit deal with the EU, the government says  #NoDealBrexit 
‘@Arron_banks: “We believe that the battle for Brexit is now within the Conservative Party and the upcoming leadership election.“Over 1.4m people follow @LeaveEUOfficial online and we have urged them to join up and have their say.” 
Today the UK government released guidance on how to prepare for a 'no deal' Brexit, promising that Brits will 'still be able to enjoy a BLT'. Our COO, @SamBarrell1, responds:    
 SHERIDAN NEWS  apparently there’s gonna be a referendum for transit service options around the end of november! we might actually get bus passes!! but at least 15% of students need to VOTE or else we might just straight up lose the shuttle bus!!! 
Labour voters and youth turn against Brexit in North East @InFactsOrg 
A #NoDealBrexit will mean that UK citizens who have lived and worked in Europe face losing access to their pension incomes and other financial services - according to government no-deal Brexit preparation papers...  
Here are all the no-deal Brexit papers published today collated in one place on the Government website:  
Across the north of Ireland, nationalists and Unionists, working class and middle class, from Belfast to Derry, from Antrim coast down to the border that should never have been there in the first place, everyone, must unite to fight Brexit.  
Government releases advice for no-deal Brexit:  
Why pretend it will work?Why enforce a non-Binding fiasco?Why lose Control?Why make us Poorer?Why Remove our Rights?Why ignore the real maj opinion?Why give up the Best Possible Deal?Why Wreck GFA?Why never promise a Better Deal?Why deny a #PeoplesVote?Why #Brexit?Why? 
@BrandonLewis @Arron_banks @LeaveEUOfficial @TiceRichard  time to join the @Conservatives and ensure we get the #brexit we voted for and a proper conservative Brexit leader join us.  
BREAKING | Bad Boys of Brexit @Arron_Banks and @andywigmore join the Conservative Party. Follow their lead by joining the Conservatives today and have your say in the leadership election:  
EXCLUSIVE: ‘Bad Boys of Brexit’ @Arron_banks & @andywigmore have joined the Conservative Party. 
British businesses relieved at no-deal Brexit VAT tweak  
In other words - the opposite of ‘taking back control’ There is a gaping void at the heart of the government's no-deal Brexit preparation documents  
With special acknowledgement to @Nigel_Farage — the self-inflicted 19th century colonoscopy Brits have inflicted upon themselves with Brexit is only surpassed by the incomprehensible stupidity of Americans electing unindicted co-conspirator and felon Trump  
Guidance released by the Government today for a ‘no-deal’ #Brexit confirms the fears of the medical profession; it is clear to us that the impact of Brexit on patients, the health workforce, services and the nation’s health will be catastrophic... 
Sky news is just as bad as the bbc news and channel 4 news all anti democracy anti Brexit doommongers, they all try to indoctrinate their propaganda onto the viewing public. It ain’t working. Time to switch them all off. 
John Redwood - When Brexit goes tits-up, he's the first one I want in prison.  
.@SimonFranksUK Hi SimonI read that you are about to launch a new political party which will be anti-Brexit and “in the centre”.Can you confirm if this is true. If it is, do you expect a number of Labour MPs to join you?Do you expect the LibDems to be upset?Best,Tom 
Red tape, tariffs, bigger bills  Here’s what the government thinks “no deal” looks like. My Economics Blog #Brexit 
If Sturgeon wants to continue her threat of a second referendum, she has to explain where she would find £13 billion to fill this deficit.Assuming that can’t be done, the prospect of #IndyRef2 must be removed for good. 
So it looks like no one is going to die for six weeks after Brexit. A triumph 
If you weren’t scared by the prospect of a no deal Brexit before, you sure as hell should be now  
2016 - "There will be no downside to #Brexit, only a considerable upside"2018 - "There should still be enough food left to make sandwiches"  
The lesson of this sorry tale is: never hold a referendum in a parliamentary democracy. We vote for delegated MPs and political parties to work out policy and legislate, not that DM-reading halfwit down the pub, banging about bloody foreigners and the Second World War. 
Look, we may have to stockpile food in no deal Brexit Britain, but at least we are now free from The Big Bang Theory. The joy from this news will feed me emotionally for a good 6 months. Silver linings. 
A no deal Brexit would leave us at the mercy of decisions taken in Europe - a catastrophic loss of control putting at risk access to medicines and food.Only @UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn can act to protect jobs & access to medicines, food and trade.  
Sturgeon has been urged to drop all plans for a second independence referendum after figures showed that Scotland was running a deficit four times the level of the UK as a whole.Scvotland accounts for more than a third of the UK’s total deficit. 
Without a #PeoplesVote and Raab's No Deal Brexit, the 2016 EU Referendum question really was:Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the EU or the EU leave, allow more fascism and cease to be a democracy?No Deal Brexit = No DemocracyDominUKIP Raab, stop your idiocracy!  
Though the potential sperm shortage in the UK after a No Deal can be mitigated but the way in which Brexit has increased the number of absoluteSorry, I got distracted. What was I saying?  
Britons in EU could lose access to UK bank accounts under no-deal Brexit  There's that word "could" again. So beloved of the Guardian & which want our country controlled by the unelected Presidents of the EU. A Comet could wipe out Brussels sounds better. 
This brexit. It’s crumbling. Isn’t it? 
.@thomasbrake on @BBCNews warns that a no-deal Brexit will damage access to pharmaceuticals and will be bad for British trade and jobs. #brexit #NoDealBrexit #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
The #NoDealBrexit papers do not even remotely resemble what the referendum campaign was about. This is not the will of the people. This is not legitimate. This is not democratic. This calls for a #PeoplesVote. 
Brexit contingency planning reveals that Britain will, through its own choice, do to itself what many adversaries throughout its history tried to do via commerce warfare: disrupt SLOCs to the point where food supply becomes intermittent and sophisticated economic functions cease. 
Shows how ridiculous some of the @SkyNews has become on Brexit  
Want to retain your EU citizenship after Brexit? Get everyone you know to sign this petition - with 1 million signatures, the European Commission will be formally requested to propose legislation to save our citizenship. SIGN & RT  #FBPE @EUCitizen2017 
From Mr Raab, who promised us £350m a week saved from Brussels, now to be spent on hiring 9,000 more civil servants, 7,000 staff ‘working on Brexit’, 1,000 more  border guards ....  
Many experts worked to solve the Millennium Bug problem. For Brexit we've got...folks like you  
WATCH: @RupaHuq says on a no deal "we shouldn't be having this discussion". It's a result of the botched #Brexit negotiations #PeoplesVote 
When Brexit meets an admirer  of Pol Pot's "Year Zero." #NoDealBrexit 
Britain sets out plans for a "no-deal" Brexit 
Me: Hello, is that the Irish Government?Them: YesMe: Great. I was hoping you could tell me what to do if there's a No Deal Brexit.Them: Not again. Did @DominicRaab give you this number? 
The advantages that Dominic Raab outlines here in a 'no deal' #Brexit scenario are indeed everything we were asked to vote upon and we voted for. 
And folks say Brexit doesn’t make a united Ireland more likely   
Theres a number. There’s actually quite a few. What I find incredible is that Boston Consulting are so brazen as to keep this on their website even as they’re paid by the govt to advise on #brexit.: 
Latest: @DExEUgov have released their advice on how to prepare for a no-deal Brexit  
Asking businesses to prepare for a no-deal Brexit is like asking a parachutist to prepare to jump without a parachute. It’s maniacal 
Thos is seriously bad news for those of us who have to manage affairs in two countries. Guess I'll have to empty my UK account while I still can! Britons in EU could lose access to UK bank accounts under no-deal Brexit#StopBrexit 
This is the key point - would be funny if not so tragic. Remember all that ‘EU red tape’ #Brexiteers complained about? (wrongly, since EU law replaced 28 national ones)Well, expensive #Brexit red tape will be real and far far greater.Let’s avoid it through #ExitfromBrexit 
Whether the ‘talk to the Irish’ advice from DEXEU is serious or not, firms really should be speaking with @Inter_Trade and taking up their £2k Brexit voucher scheme. Good advice is always useful. 
A ‘no deal’ Brexit will indeed mean shortages – mainly of food and farming jobs, workers, transport and common sense" great blog by @Kath_Dalmeny of @UKSustain on the risks of a  #NoDealBrexit for #food and #farming  
Came back from work. Turned the news on.Project fear has now gone into overdrive. I believe @SkyNews & @BBCNews are colluding with the establishment & remainers to undermine Brexit at every opportunity.British people deserve media balance but I don't believe it's going to happen 
This is Sky News these days...Remoan Central...pumping out constant anti Brexit propaganda daily....easily as bad as the BBC...They love to bash Boris Brexit and Trump. 
It's like a Greek tragedy. The Tories blame all the bad things they did on the EU so people vote to leave the EU, which, when people experience the consequences, will destroy the Tory party. Am sure the Tories know this, which means they have biggest incentive to stop Brexit. 
Brexit advice papers CBI said: "These papers show that those who claim crashing out of the EU on World Trade Organisation rules is acceptable live in a world of fantasy, where facts are not allowed to challenge ideology." 
Please UK... look at this man, listen to him.... did you really want his deranged, mean, ignorant Brexit? Did you vote for a UK to be shaped by him and his ERG dullwits? Is this who you want to give control to?  
According to the weekend Deltapoll survey, 62 per cent of us say we’ve not changed our minds at all over #BrexitAnd this despite “half the public [believing] themselves to be under siege from the political classes trying to change their minds" 
UK government reveals what to expect in the event of no-deal Brexit  
As someone who is in an amazing relationship with an EU national & with no certainty that this isn’t going to be threatened by Brexit it gets my goat that we’re somehow not allowed to be extremely pissed off with the people who voted for this fucking shitshow 
Boris Johnson has said Britain will make a “Titanic success of Brexit”.Could someone lend him the fucking DVD? 
Alastair Campbell says "Project Fear" has now become "Project Reality" as the government begins to outline its guidance for a no-deal Brexit  
Only 14% of young people in the North East believe Britain will get a good Brexit deal. But that’s something that’s shared by all people across society - this isn’t the Brexit we were sold, which is why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. #FFS 
The government's preparation notes for a no-deal Brexit were really reminding me of something. I just figured out what.  
Dear Jacob. At least Chequers is a basis for a negotiation and has got us round the table. What is your proposal to make #Brexit work without chaos and hardship? You have not come up with any workable solutions for Irish border, integrated supply chains and jobs  
 Tune in! I'll be discussing why a "no deal" Brexit is not a disaster on @BBCNews at 5.30pm this afternoon. Tell me what you think. 
The #establishment strives to control the population. #Brexit demonstrated that at least 17.4 million people are capable of independent thought & are not willing to be controlled. The State does not like it & will do everything in their power to regain control! #StandUp4Brexit 
We’re heading for a General Election. .@UKLabour need to be ready with an enhanced manifesto and their inspirational vision for Britain. Change is coming and it might be sooner than we think.Nasty, lying, ruinous @CONservatives are done for. #Brexit #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit 
I voted remain, and I was disappointed when Brexit won. But at the time I assumed that the actual government would manage to work out a deal that maybe didn't involve massive risks to medicine and farming and criminal databases. They've ballsed this up massively, cheers lads.  
Really superb by @JasonJHunter, who absolutely demolishes Brexit Central's Jonathan Isaby. Are there ANY hard Brexiters who know what they are talking about where trade is concerned? 
Comment on today’s ‘No Deal Brexit’ technical notes.  
Try replacing 'Brexit' with 'uncontrolled immigration'.  
Advising firms to ‘speak to the Irish’ is extraordinary, says @ManufacturingNI on Brexit papers. 
#APExplains: Where Brexit stands as concerns rise that the U.K. could crash out of the EU with no deal.  
Amb. Massoum Marzouk posted a video calling for a referendum on the ruling regime, demonstrations if the call was ignored. Nobody paid attention. No appetite for that in Egypt at the moment. But his call was enough to scare the regime, Massoum was arrested moments ago. 
BREXIT COULD BOOST UK ECONOMY BY £135 BILLION, SAY TOP ECONOMISTS  
Did I read that the ex CEO of the NHS says they were never consulted on the effect of Brexit on the NHS? What exactly have we been doing? 
Just five days to the return of James O'Brien on LBC. This is his most popular recent clip, as expert Jason Hunter schooled him on Brexit with evidence-based facts.@mrjamesob | @JasonJHunter 
Fantastic @JasonJHunter. Must listen, I agree....for the details, for the whole of the brexit bravado bluster bullshit in 1 interview. Listen to the end...then tell me about brexit global Britain.Wake up Britain. You're bring conned#PeoplesVote 
We tried to tell you this Brexit is political madness  
Women of Britain - it’s time to make sure our voices are heard @TheNewEuropean From earlier this year but still relevant from @NinaParker on how women are hardest hit by Brexit  
Big change for hauliers in #Brexit no deal. Every haulier moving goods between UK and EU will be responsible for making Safety and Security Declarations. This will include all hauliers moving goods, including vans.  more details and links -  Way too late. 
Britain 'doesn't need to do a deal with EU' but EU 'needs a deal at all costs'. May should 'believe in Britain', #Chequers is the 'wrong deal for Britain' #ChuckChequers, - Jacob Rees-Mogg.Time for May's govt to stop wallowing in self-doubt and embrace real Brexit? #WTOBrexit 
UK calls for extra six weeks of Brexit drug stockpiles  
Chinese Vice Premier, Hu Chunhua once again today confirming China's commitment to "extremely important" Brexit Britain, expressing his desire "fully strengthen" trade ties with the UK once we leave the European Union.  Support us at  
So, does this mean that @DominicRaab's Stupid 'brexit' requires 17,300 MORE 'Unelected Bureaucrats' than our Membership of the EU does ... ?'Blessed are those who think #BrexitIsBollocks ...' 
John Redwood is a complete disgrace of an MP, his willingness to dismiss out of hand, every single concern that anyone has about Brexit, no matter the evidence, no matter the seriousness, it is completely hideous.A man who'll say anything for self enrichment, lie to everyone 
Brexit Secretary @DominicRaab unilaterally surrenders the British #medicineindustry to the #EU. Read more:  
The UK has set out plans for 'no-deal' Brexit. Here's what you need to know  
WATCH: Luke voted leave in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because he sees the affect that #Brexit has had on the NHS where he works. If you voted leave but now demand a #PeoplesVote, get in touch with @RemainerNow 
Should be on @LBC in 5-10 mins talkin about mr Raab ... @JasonJHunter another good call and Gary .. “ I’m bored of brexit “ .. really ? 
Also, let's remember — this is DURING A NO DEAL BREXIT. Do we think UK banks are gonna be rock solid then? Barclays was down 30% the morning of the vote. Gilts & sterling will be crashing, it will be absolute carnage....and the Treasury wants to make it worse. 
My third pledge to Party members is to continue to be a strong voice for Europe at the heart of our Party. I’ll campaign for the whole Labour Party to come together and fight a hard and vicious Brexit. Please consider voting #EddieforNEC before noon on Thursday 30th August. 
In normal language, this means, if there's a no-deal Brexit, UK banks with big EU arms (Barclays, HSBC) will see immediate, large hits to their regulatory capital and liquidity. All the EU govvies and currency they now hold won't count. 
Latest YouGov Brexit tracker  LAB VOTERS ONLY"In hindsight, do you think Britain was right or wrong to vote to leave the EU?" Right 20%Wrong 76%DK 14%I think this is a record high for LAB voters 
Not saying much here cos I'm writing a big piece for future BUT: technical notices reveal no deal Brexit to be a nightmare for food importers, with huge cost implications, disaster for exporting organic farmers and for those trading with Eire the advice is 'ask Dublin' #shitshow 
Hey you'll never guess what, the UK is about to do something breathtakingly stupid related to Brexit  
Why do the media hyper-ventilate over the #ProjectFear lies about what could happen after #Brexit?EU wil be £8,000,000,000 a year WORSE off with WTO tariffs but the media never mention that.They broadcast a heavy gruel of anti -Brexit propaganda day after day. 
Read the Brexit-related guidance for companies prepared by #EMA and the European Commission:  #Brexit @EU_Health 
Ivanka Trump oversaw Murdoch daughters’ trust -   via @FTTrump, Murdoch and #Brexit are all elements of a kleptocratic axis attacking the democracies that the kleptocrats regard as parasites taxing and regulating them. #PeoplesVote 
The possibility of a Labour government under Jeremy Corbyn is close behind #Brexit as a perceived threat to business, according to a poll of UK executives published on Thursday  
As it becomes increasingly clear that #Brexit can't deliver the "exact same benefits" as EU membership, and as the government begins the stockpiling of food and medicine ahead of the deadline, confidence in the government to secure a good outcome is plummeting.   
Oh no - we might have to pay slightly higher credit card fees if we visit the EU after a 'no deal' Brexit'. All we'll get in return is freedom, independence, an immediate saving of £39 billion, a saving of tens of £billions every year, control of our borders + free trade. #Nodeal 
An executive from a german pharmaceutical company just on @bbcnews explained that they HAVE TO source their supplies from the EU. After any Brexit they will no longer source anything from the UK. Not. At. All.Do the quitting thickies understand Brexit yet? 
Lance Forman: “I think when you have a rational discussion and you explain to people the reasons as to why you are in favour of Brexit and certainly when I have done it and met people they understand it."  
Skim reading the no-deal notices you’re struck by what an enormous national waste of time Brexit is. Dismantling systems that work in order to make everyone’s lives just a little bit worse. 
Drug companies must stockpile medicines in case of no deal Brexit, government says - Politics live  
shadow brexit secretary @Keir_Starmer  (Sir) wants to keep option open of 2nd referendum - a direct challenge to authority of @jeremycorbynits not just Tories who are split 
Christian Adams on Dominic Raab’s warnings over a No Deal Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
EXPOSEDJeremy Corbyn's fake promisesdebtStamp duty  for 1st-time buyersRespect  referendum resultRenew our  deterrentCorbyn - Man of principles?Think again!Find out more at#YouCantTrustCorbyn 
'Vague' planning documents show government not ready for no-deal Brexit, says Labour - Politics live  
A lot to read, but highlights of the #TechnicalNotices thus far: UK Government advice to businesses to 'put steps in place to renegotiate commercial terms' to account for new import/export relationship. Gov essentially saying: we couldn't get a deal for you, you try! #Brexit  
Confused about #Brexit? No need to be: we tell you all you need to know  
*drafts curriculum for "Brexit legal arse covering" course*  
If you’re a Labour member and want a referendum on the final Brexit deal, now’s the time to make your views known.   
your license is an EU license,  any agreement with US is through EU bodies. UK agreements have expired. We'll need new ones post Brexit 
Factbox: Reaction to the British government's 'no deal' Brexit plans  
I’m feeling very “no deal Brexit today”, like a combo of chaotic and barely holding it together but also very committed to my self-sabotage 
The problem is I think we’ll have to face the devastation of Brexit before Mogg, Johnson, May , Farage & Corbyn are really seen for how truly terrible they are.  
Scotland is facing a "no deal #Brexit nightmare" - Constitutional Relations Secretary @Feorlean responds to the @GOVUK technical notices published today:  
What an absolute shambles. No deal on #Brexit would be reckless, wrong and irresponsible. The government approach seems to be to simply hope some magic fairy will make all things right... Time for a @peoplesvote_uk @WalesForEurope 
Brexit - it appears that we've gone from the promise of £350m pw for the NHS to an emergency medicines buffer stock scheme. 
Britons living in EU could lose access to UK bank accounts in no-deal Brexit  
Another sign of the Brexit madness in Ireland. Businesses told to contact the Irish Government to prepare for no deal scenario.  
This notice basically confirms that the Dutch Government were right to tell its companies to consider whether U.K. parts would be part of supply chains for exporters post Brexit (my #brexitforensics story from June) - Government confirms this in its own technical notice 
#NoDealBrexit would be a disaster for our public services, including our NHS. But so would a bad Brexit deal. It's more important than ever that we give the people the chance to #ExitfromBrexit. Add your name today: 
The UK services sector is yet another part of the economy hit as a result of uncertainty surrounding a potential “no-deal” #Brexit. Research from BDO shows the services sector in decline for the first time since 2010. We can still #ExitFromBrexit and turn this around. 
#Brexit is about to dissolve the £5.1Bn annual influx EU students bring to our economy, as well as tearing up the inspiring educational environment that we have in this country. We need a #PeoplesVote so that we can have the final say on Brexit.  
Brexit secretary Dominic Raab orders the media to stockpile anti-Corbyn stories in case of no deal Brexit.#NoDealBrexit #JeremyCorbyn 
what I'm saying (though not very clearly!) is that there was never an answer.  The only Brexit that doesn't cost jobs is one where it is pointless anyway. The EU was never perfect (name any human endeavour that is) but we're better off in shaping it's future 
Remember it was the Tories who called the EU ref and it has been their govt in charge of Brexit negotiations and after 2 years of talks; the best Theresa May can offer the country is a #NoDealBrexi then they have proven to be be too incompetent & irresponsible to govern Britain. 
It is staggering that a mainstream politician like Barry Gardiner should use the threat of mob violence to justify blocking a democratic #PeoplesVote. The use of such threats belongs to the thuggery of fascism, and has no place in democratic politics. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
78% of young people in North East think that promises made by Brexit politicians will be broken. It’s understandable - from £350 mil to NHS, to trade deals being “easiest in history” - Brexiters have been breaking promises since June 24th 2016. Why we need a #PeoplesVote! 
The Tories have just released 25 documents detailing their planning for a no deal Brexit scenario.There are only 3 small paragraphs about the biggest issue: the Northern Irish border.Essentially, the 3 paragraphs reveal the Tories haven’t got a clue what will happen.  
Brexit's the Ratner of crap deals when 6,400 civil servants are toiling on an unparalleled act of national self-harm  
I am incensed that the EU is getting the blame for the looming No Deal scenario - the UK voted to leave so they have no obligation to reshape 40 years just for us. #NoDealBrexit #raab #brexit #peoplesvote 
Today we’ve published the first batch in a series of Technical Notices informing citizens and businesses on how to prepare for the unlikely event of a no deal #Brexit 
If Parliament rejects both a hard and soft Brexit, what would you do? - No deal- General election- ReferendumPick your own Brexit  
Don’t know about you lot but I’ve gone from Brexit frustration to fury. A Government Minister responsible for this catastrophe attempts to reassure the nation and the best example he can muster - without irony - is that we’ll still get a B.L.F**king.T.Come in tae flying F**K!  
This is just embarrassing coming from a minister. His department's own impact reports show Brexit will wreck our economy & disproportionately hurt the poorest, while hospitals are deprived of doctors & nurses. But at least we'll still have BLTs. Shameless.  
All your favourite cigarette packet warning pictures would be replaced as a result of a No Deal Brexit  
Goldman Sachs commits to UK 'despite Brexit fears' with £1.2bn deal  
Keir Starmer is a principled, progressive MP who wants the best outcome for the working people of our country. Now we need to campaign to ensure that every Labour MP votes against the Tory deal #Brexit #StopBrexit #peoplesvote 
Keep an eye on this story: it would certainly be ironic if the paper that told us all to take back control and back Brexit ended up being Saudi and Russian-owned.  
"I'm not surprised he looked hot and flustered." @thomasbrake responds to Raab's speech on #NoDealBrexit.This Brexit is an absolute mess. The people must have the final say on Brexit and the option to stay in the EU. Add your name and RT if you agree:  
@josh_hardie: These no deal’ Brexit Technical Notices show that those who claim crashing out of the EU on World Trade Organisation rules is acceptable live in a world of fantasy, where facts are not allowed to challenge ideology. #NoDealBrexit 
Brexit is not the answer. Brexit is the distraction from the answer. 
He has a right to an opinion just as anyone else has. Your attempt to shut him up basically says everything about the kind of lizards that are in favour of Brexit right now. 
Let's do a bit of maths, based on Dominic Raab's figures.18,000 government civil servants working on Brexit.Let's pay them £16,000 a year.That's £288M extra a year and that's just on government staff, ALONE.#NoDealBrexit 
The first thing the EU did after the Swiss voted against Freedom of Movement in a referendum in 2014 was throw Switzerland out of Erasmus+. Nowhere is that precedent reflected in the UK government's No Deal notes  
The Stop Brexit campaign: how the Remain side plan to bring about a second referendum before Christmas. My column in this week's @spectator 
#Raab  announces 9,000 more UK Bureaucrats  to deal with #Brexit What a con!! It's much more efficient and cost effective to #Remain#MoreRedTape 
PRESS RELEASE: Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab unilaterally surrenders the British medicine industry to the EU #NoDealBrexit 
Listen to this BBC Radio Kent debate between former trade negotiator Jason Hunter & someone from Brexit CentralWorth a retweet to people who actually want to understand complexity of international trade agreements  
July 2017 - Liam Fox - A #Brexit deal will be the "easiest thing in human history" August 2018 - Dominic Raab - "you'll still be able to enjoy a BLT after #Brexit" #Brexit #PeoplesVote #NoDealBrexit 
The EU Commission 5 hours ago vs the EU Commission 4 hours ago.Who voted for a single MEP to provide our money to Iran while they execute political opponents and support terrorist groups against us?If I could've voted in the EU referendum, this is why I would've voted leave.  
From this week’s ⁦@PrivateEyeNews⁩ #Brexit #secondreferendum 
"A lot of this was on a wing and a prayer" - Sky's Deputy Political Editor @BethRigby explains that  @DominicRaab's 'no deal' Brexit speech involved a lot of wishful thinking that the EU won't make life difficult for the UK.Get more on this story here:  
People’s Vote compared to a military coup. Boy, the Brexit Bunch are really desperate. They know it’s coming apart.  
We want to Remain in the EU, and today the details on the most likely deal - a No-Deal Brexit - have been released, and we are very worried. It sounds like utter chaos. We will fight for a 2nd referendum so the people can make the final choice on whether they agree with Brexit. 
Here is the full text of Brexit Secretary @DominicRaab's speech delivered this morning on no-deal planning 
Government writes asking pharma companies to build six weeks Brexit stockpile of medicines for No Deal, and arranging air-freighting for short shelf life medicines, anticipating freight delays - via @pkelso 
Everything is fine....... 
Jeremy: Vote, vote for everything, peoples vote for the BBC, peoples vote for editorsMe: People’s Vote on final Brexit deal?Jeremy:  
REALITY: Goldman Sachs commit to 20 year lease in new Brexit Britain HQ. “Our signing of a long-term lease demonstrates our continued commitment to London.”#DespiteBrexit 
We ARE an exporting suuperpower. We had the 5th largest economy in the world before Brexit. We were the Services capital of the EU,  and a major manufacturer in the EU supply chain. Not bad for a country of 67 million! ... Why is he talking Britain down?#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
As an sign of the growing risk the U.K. will leave the EU with no divorce deal, the government is releasing guidance on what to do in the event of food and medication shortages(!) and other crises.“It’s not what we expect. But, we must be ready.” -Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab 
Surely even a silly billy knows that Spain wouldn't stop tourism from the UK after Brexit. 
I see we’re back to “you’ll reap the benefits of Brexit long after everyone who voted for it is fucking dead” argument we all knew about before the referendum.  
Plenty of think about in this first pile of no deal Brexit notes. But the big takeaway seems to be a WTO Brexit would unleash a whole new world of red tape, not do away with it as argued by pro-Brexit campaigners. 
There are many MPs who will listen to a reasoned and polite argument for a People’s Vote. Some won’t. But the more people look at the Brexit mess, the more MPs will realise that democracy demands a People’s Vote  
Hi @Michael_Ellis1 We see that your constituency voted overwhelmingly for leave. We wondered if you will pledge to #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #ChequersPlan (which is not #Brexit) when you return to parliament?We'd love to have you on board. Please can you let us know?  
5.) Recognition that Britain would have establish and have in operation lots of new regulatory bodies ready to go on Brexit day- e.g. this on pediatric medicines Seems a tall order considering we have just over 200 days to go.  
Brexit twats: You don't get to pin the reason for the failure of your shit idea on those of us who wanted to stay. Own the unholy mess you caused. 
#NIGERIA | 114 #women detained in inhuman conditions in #Owerri, packed to court in cattle truck, remanded in #prison till 3 Sept. UNARMED, NON-VIOLENT, the women are demanding #IPOB leader’s whereabouts, referendum on #Biafra. They're #MothersNotMurderers Citizens not criminals! 
4.) warnings over lag times: e.g. organic farmers would lose their access to EU markets on Brexit day as they wouldn't be certified as organic traders. They'd have to wait a minimum of 9 months to apply for a new certificate which would allow them to resume trading.  
.@f_grovewhite on @SkyNews says joking abt sandwiches post-Brexit is in bad taste - problem is it's not a joke. Newsnight did a section on their programme about this, believing it to be a serious issue. This #NoDealBrexit fear-mongering is ridiculous. But it's also serious. 
1. Never forget the Elephant in the Room..never debated not Consented. #Brexit = Loss of Rights.If we don't stop the #BrexitShambles we know what follows Tories will Remove them outside the protections we currently have under international treaty... 
'EU is a failing economic model' UK will thrive outside the EU with NO DEAL Brexit  
Brexit secretary @DominicRaab is pressed hard on whether British citizens living in the EU will be able to access their bank accounts and if their pensions will be paid in a no deal scenario. For more, head here:  
The Brexit Secretary appeared to be sweating profusely during his speech - not surprising given the  utter mess Ministers have made of these negotiations and the unmitigated disaster a ‘no deal’ Brexit would be.  
'As somebody who campaigned to Leave, did you always think so much of Brexit would rely on wishful thinking?'@JPonpolitics hits the nail on the head in Q to @DominicRaab It really is time to stop this dangerous nonsense #PeoplesVote 
Where @JasonJHunter is a tour de force and the other guy is frankly embarrassing... ‘but we’ll be an independent nation, why don’t you believe enough?’ he wails, while Jason points out the utterly irresponsible naivety of buccaneering Brexit. 
People, now this ain't your normal #petition this one's going straight to the European Commission and could have a MAJOR impact if it hits 1m. Sign and share folks, sign and share  RT #Brexit #StopBrexit #WeAreEurope #StrongerTogether #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Remain 
NO Deal #brexit.  Time to face this.  Every deal UK has to trade or fly or do anything across borders is currently done thro EU.  #Leave with NO DEAL & UK cannot do any of those things. UK doesn't get to keep them.  Nothing "reverts".  IT ALL STOPS  There is more..... #FBPE 1/2 
The Government has published the first papers outlining its plans in the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit which say consumers and holidaymakers could face a multi-million pound hit because of a "likely increase" in the cost of card payments between the UK and the EU 
Tony Benn on what he thought of Heath and Parliament's activities in 1972 taking us into the EEC......#Brexit  
"Consumers would face slower and more costly credit card payments when they buy EU products, and British citizens living abroad could lose access to their bank accounts, in the event of a no-deal Brexit, the government has warned." 
Wading through No Deal technical notices, struck by how often gov suggests worried businesses might want to engage a "customs broker, freight forwarder or logistics provider". Have we finally found the Brexit boom? 
This is a part of the Chequers Plan showing the new EU-controlled military structures (red) which the UK hadn’t even joined when the 2016 referendum took place but officials are now proposing to stay in after leaving.This is not ‘leaving’, it’s a deception and must be stopped.  
.@DominicRaab on @SkyNews says extra regulatory requirements needed for exporters in event of no deal. #Brexit was sold as allowing us to be a rule maker. This wasn't the #Brexit anyone voted for #PeoplesVote 
Can we just take a minute to acknowledge how utterly absurd UK politics has become that a government minister, Dominic Raab, reassuring people there will be no "sandwich famine" because of Brexit, doesn't seem all that mental... 
dominic raab talking and sweating buckets while one vaguely terrifying tweet after another about Brexit appears next to him on sky news is my job interview aesthetic  
Britons in EU could lose access to UK bank accounts under no-deal Brexit  
"You will still be able to enjoy a BLT" - Brexit secretary @DominicRaab shoots down fears of a potential "sandwich famine" in the event of a #NoDealBrexit  
If you've never understood the term 'polishing a turd' make sure you catch Dominic Raab on the news today describing the Government's 'no deal' Brexit advice. Warning - it's painful.  
Dominic Raab says "the UK will be better off outside the EU in any scenario..." This is not reasoned, intelligent government. This is ideological extremism in favour of Brexit at any cost to our schools, hospitals, businesses, culture and everything that makes this country great. 
Breaking: The government has asked pharmaceutical companies to stockpile a minimum of six weeks additional medicine in the event of a no-deal Brexit. Suppliers have also been asked to arrange for short shelf-life medicines to be air-freighted to avoid border delays 
Brexit Secretary @DominicRaab idiotically reveals the unilateral surrender of the UK medicine industry to the EU in his speech on preparations for a so-called no-deal Brexit.What other UK industries are the Tory Brexiteers-in-name-only going to unilaterally surrender? 
My arguments are painfully bad says the person who suggested Brexit would have been fine had we just all belived in unicorns a bit more. 
That would have required our govt to have engaged with the 48%, and looked for a compromise which would reflect the narrowness of the win. Instead they went for the most extreme version of brexit 
Whether we have a #NoDealBrexit or not, we still need to protect & restore our wildlife & environment. This is why we need a strong & ambitious new Environment Act, no matter what happens with #Brexit Here’s my @wwf_uk blog on that 
A no deal Brexit means that no trade agreement will be in place to allow those new blue British passports (made in France) to be imported into the UK.#NoDealBrexit 
Brexit Secretary @DominicRaab is making jokes about reports of sandwich shortages in a #nodeal #Brexit - l’ve spoken to many people who won’t find any Brexit no deal gags funny at all.  
Raab saying that we might still be able to have a BLT sandwich after Brexit suggests a slight lowering of expectations from the Brexiters who are making a mess out of our future... 
The desire of voters in the north of England to "get on with Brexit" is an attitude shared by many across the country. Brexit, if done properly, can be a fantastic opportunity for the whole UK!Join the Tories to have a vote in the leadership election:  
Dominic Raab: There are 7,000 civil servants working on Brexit. We've prepared funding for 9,000 more civil servants. And in the short term we're going to employ another 1,300.See, Brexit does create jobs. Shame they're not doctors, nurses, or teachers...#NoDealBrexit 
The party you're currently plotting to create, along with other Blair associates, will be an embarrassing flop. But given Labour and the Tories are neck and neck, it only needs to win the support of tiny number of voters angry about Brexit to hand the country to Jacob Rees Mogg.  
Britain will today threaten to pull the plug on the £1billion a year in foreign aid it gives the EU in the event of a ‘no-deal’ Brexit. 
You’re a tad hard of understanding aren’t you? You probably still believe the big red bus, right? Or that there’s ‘no possible downside to Brexit, only considerable upside’? 
Secretary of State @DominicRaab speaking today on #Brexit no deal planning and today’s technical notices publication.  
#NoDealBrexit#Brexit Secretary @DominicRaab says it's "not what we want and it's not what we expect"  
Blaming Brussels for what goes wrong with our no-deal Brexit is like blaming someone you disagreed with for breaking your leg because you flounced out of the room and fell down the stairs. 
Said @Nigel_Farage:"A big majority of the country wants us to Leave, my view is they are just not getting leadership"We are not sheep,but *somebody* needs to be creating a Brexit Alliance regardless of traditional political affiliations. Is time for *all* of us to pull together.  
New Brexit referendum should remain 'on the table', says Starmer: But Gardiner says it’s not and threatens civil disobedience if it was on the table! Labour is as chaotic as the Tories. Only the British people can make the final decision. #PeoplesVote 
The first para of #JacobReesMogg's letter says "17 million people voted to leave because they believed in better."Given that he's said that it could take 50 years to judge whether Brexit has been an economic success, does he really expect 17 million people to wait that long? 
Exit from Brexit Campaign Pack - Get yours today. Say what you like, but the lib dems are the biggest remain campaign group in town.   via @LibDems 
Brexit minister confident Britain will reach deal with EU  
It depends what you mean by toughest question? He was again asked as yesterday by a Times journalist on Brexit, she required a binary answer. This creates false logic since forces an answer. @jeremycorbyn answered it well. 
He answered more fully today stating that a conservative led Brexit would NOT be good for the country, went on to say, I'm not leading negotiations so I can't answer that very complex question. So there we have it. A yes or no answer is not appropriate! Poor journalism!  
The @peoplesvote_uk March for the Many in #Liverpool, Sunday 23rd September at #Lab18. Make sure your voice is heard, and make sure the people get final say on the #Brexit deal. Sign up here >  #PeoplesVote 
How would you view a no-deal with Brexit? - 'No-deal' Brexit advice to be published by UK government RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Oh this is indeed brilliant - @Brexit's "Pick Your Own #Brexit" - it turns all the complex choices facing the UK into a kind of decision making game.It's simultaneously fun, worrying and accurate. Top work! 
'The no deal scenario is a pretty horrible outcome and worse than a bad deal' - Lib Dem leader @vincecable puts forward his views of what a no deal Brexit would mean for the UK. For more on this story, head here:  
So after the fake outrage generated by Michael Crick about journalists not being allowed in to hear JC, only one of them, from Business Insider, asked a relevant question. The others asked about the blood wreath, AS(!) and brexit. Why have them if they refuse to do their job? 
Warning - there will be a display of extreme EU loyalty on the streets of #Chester this weekend.  Saturday, 11 am - 1pm at The Cross. Stop by and talk about your #Brexit concerns.  If you don't have any we will give you some.  
Labour's northern heartlands are turning against Brexit according to a new poll, as calls for a #peoplesvote continue to grow. The government's deal will harm jobs and living standards, that's why the public must have the chance to reject it. Please RT 
Jenni Russell: Will UK be worse off under BrexitJeremy Corbyn: Not if Labour are in government 
The Future's Bright, the Future's Outside EUEconomists report 90% of UK future economic growth is going to come from outside EU with or without a deal.EU needs us More than we need them.EU don't want to lose lucrative UK market & Govt know this.#Brexit 
This is the most bizarre statement yet. Brexit means #Brexit which means no change ?!? 
Brexit deal referendum should be on the table, says Sir Keir Starmer  
@guyverhofstadt if l am a European citizen independent of my national identity why can a minority government based on an advisory referendum be allowed to remove it? Honest question on behalf of the UK population. 
Brexit didn't cause racism, and no, not everybody who voted to leave did so for racist reasons, but it DID encourage it, it DID validate it, it DID give it a platform, and it DID make it a whole lot worse. Anyone denying that is a LIAR. #BrexitShame#PeoplesVote 
If it wasn’t for the British spirit you’d all be speaking Latin now. Yet still I am challenged on Brexit, ad nauseam. It’s not even pm yet. 
I've been signalling for 2 years I wanted my life to continue as normal after having overcome various hardships, both past and ongoing.But British government and parliament told me to piss off so why should Brussels listen to them? 
On @BBCr4today responding to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and Govt Brexit strategy. Tide is turning. Country moving to #PeoplesVote 
No-deal Brexit myths debunked  
#Brexit is going to have a negative impact on the 5 million EU in UK and UK in EU. Plus a negative impact on jobs, food prices, the NHS etc. So #Brexiters, had the vote  gone the other way, what would have been the negative measurable impact on your lives of #Remaining in the EU? 
Exclusive: World Road Transport Organisation warns of 'complete and utter chaos' in event of no-deal Brexit 
As in "to Spuddle through Brexit" ? 
sticking journalists in a room with about 150 pages of technical Brexit jargon with only an hour to read and file it..it’s almost as if Dexeu doesn’t want much scrutiny of its no-deal plans 
Imagine how good Brexit could have been for everyone if remain had spent 2 years helping to shape it rather than trying to reverse it 
Tory Brexit/Labour Brexit  
Sorry, Dom... but a chaotic 'no-deal' Brexit is on you and your lot, mate 
Well said, @JakeBerry: “You are on very dangerous territory if you start from the premise that the voters were wrong or didn’t know what they were doing.” #NorthernPowerhouse #EUreferendum #Brexit  
Raab won’t do more interviews today other than #r4today Wonder why that is? #bbcbias‘A huge cache of leaked messages show how Eurosceptic Tories have repeatedly pressured the news outlets inc @bbcnews @bbcr4today to shape coverage of Brexit’ #StopBrexit 
Can you please tell this to the hundreds of people who keep telling me "I voted Brexit because I want to be British again." 
Doesn't go far enough. I want a Brexit that takes us back to Medieval times and where people who wear glasses are executed and we have to eat raw sewage. 
Brexiters say that the will of the people should be respected on Brexit. Ok then, on that basis, Scotland and Northern Ireland should be allowed to stay in the EU. 
Barnier: “On the first day of the first press conference I came before you as a negotiator, I said Brexit will have numerous consequences – human, social consequences, economic, financial, technical, legal – and I said that many people had underestimated those consequences. 
A lot of people in Cornwall are getting worried about the risk of a #NoDealBrexit causing food and medicine shortages.But, Cornwall voted for Brexit. Imagine if you lived in an area at risk from food and medicine shortages that didn’t vote for Brexit at all - like Scotland. 
We fought off the Vikings, then we fought off the Romans, then we fought off the Normans. Only 40,000 of us were killed in the Blitz. I think we can fight our way through Brexit #NoDeal 
I have nothing but sympathy for those who are afraid Brexit will affect them like Tory austerity affects millions right now. 
No-deal Brexit papers: Britain to impose duties on EU imports and treat members like 'third countries' 
.@DrBrexit believes the UK’s No Deal plans will strengthen its Brexit negotiating hand  
Barry, you should ask yourself why the only people campaigning against a third referendum are the ones who stole the second.Precious few Leave campaigners seem to be clamouring for the wrong to be righted!Labour must try to heal the divide not make it deeper.  
If Labour fail to win the next General Election the fault will be with those who elected Jeremy Corbyn and stuck with him through his support of antisemitism and Brexit.It will not be the fault of people who want a social democratic Gov rather than a Stalinist cult. 
NEWS! Government guidelines for no-deal Brexit include advice on making shelter, cooking rats, and fighting  
I support Jeremy Corbyn.I support a vote, by Parliament or Public, on the final Brexit deal.My support for Corbyn and Labour winning the next GE is more important to me than the final result of Brexit.RT if you agree #ThursdayThoughts#WeStandWithCorbyn 
Britain to set out advice on how to prepare for 'no deal' Brexit  
Great to hear @Keir_Starmer say that all options remain on the table when May's Chequers plan falls apart - a popular vote on any #Brexit deal is the right way to go!  
Labour clears the way for new referendum if parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal  
Colleague just asked me "what is #brexit?" When I asked her if she voted in the Referendum, she said, "yes I voted leave, that's what everyone on social media was saying" I just had to explain what it was and what we are risking, she apologised and said "we're mad" #remainernow 
Keir Starmer has now said that if parliament votes down Theresa May’s Brexit deal then "all options should be on the table" including another referendum 
It is crazy how similar the situations are with Trump and Brexit. Particularly the whataboutery.Here #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw, overspending by £449,000, while Remain was fined for a reporting error with they corrected.But Brexiteers treat those things as the same. In America 
Unfortunately the UK opposition can't oppose themselves out of a paper bag either. 
The problem with this line of argument is you have to specify what you want to change and then propose policies that will change those things. The problem with brexit is that it addresses virtually none of the issues people have, which are domestic, but creates lots of new issues 
A new YouGov survey shows even the most heavily Leave-voting region of the country is now turning away from Brexit  
I'm at the Treasury where Dominic Raab will be unveiling the first batch of no deal Brexit technical notices. They're expected to go public at 11:30. 
. @thomasbrake @A50Challenge @LibDems @RemainerNow @peoplesvote_uk @peoplesvote_hq How is #brexit any different? It is clear the promises will not be delivered. It’s ok to change your mind.  
People of Sunderland change their mind on #Brexit. More support for a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
This brexit is a humiliating national embarrassment which is shrivelling our status and opportunities. Absurd kind of nationalism that kills its darling. Shame on you @Nigel_Farage for hurting this country to massage your damaged ego. 
A lot of people are now telling me that I resemble Brexit Secretary, Dominic Raab. Every time I hear this, a little part of me dies.I feel like I should rename myself Raab C Brexit.  
Gov't should have released serious plans for a #NoDealBrexit shortly after A50 was triggered. Should've been the UK's opening gambit for the EU to improve on. As things are now, it's the only scenario that resembles an actual Brexit. 
Worth reading @lisanandy on Brexit in playbook today. Or rather what people told her during the referendum. Good reality check for the SW1 astroturfing “people’s vote” brigade...  
It’s OUR Freedom of Movement that ends after Brexit.We don’t talk enough about what we are losing. 
On the bus but nobody’s at the wheel. Corbyn and whatshischop’s disastrous tour of Scotland continues at Alexander Dennis whose CEO said Brexit would damage company - half bus components come from EU and they rely on skilled EU engineers. @scottishlabour 
"Now, as we move closer to the end of negotiations and the peril that lies ahead, it is time to stand up & be counted" - @LibDems Spokesman for Brexit @thomasbrake #NoDealBrexit #PeoplesVote #finalsayonthedeal 
2016:“Brexit will improve your lives”2018:“Did you know that family members can be food? Check out our handy 80 part #NoDealBrexit guide for recipes.” 
The best chance #Brexit ever had was if grown-up politicians who strongly supported it from all parties worked together to come up with the best possible plan. The fact that this hasn’t happened shows how hopeless our tribal system of politics is in tackling such complex problems 
So #Brexit voters wanted immigrants OUT of the country?Too late they realize many of their work mates, doctors, nurses, field workers, cleaners and owners of the corner shops are the people they wanted out.Get ready to do all the work WE did. #Nodealbrexit #leavers #racists 
Labour's @Keir_Starmer is right - if Parliament defeats May's Brexit deal a second referendum should be on table. I want Labour conference to debate and ratify this proposal - Shadow Cabinet should back it too. 
Dear @Keir_StarmerThank you for saying that all options, including a #PeoplesVote, should be on the table if Parliament disapproves any final #Brexit deal.People on the streets in #Cornwall, and throughout the UK, are saying clearly that they want a #FinalSay.#r4today 
Brexit department say Dominic Raab isn’t doing any more broadcast interviews today following the one he’s just done for Today. I’ve never known a time when both senior Cons & Lab politicians seem so scared of media questions 
The media: It would be economic suicide if Scotland became independent.The country would be in ruinsAlso the media: Oh & the Tories are sending out leaflets telling you to emotionally distance yourself from your pets as they could make a nutritious meal after a no deal Brexit 
This is drivel. The only way life will continue as it was before brexit in the event of a no deal brexit is not to brexit. You can’t pull out of hundreds of international treaties and then carry on as if those treaties were sill in force. Forget politics. This is just logic.  
Madness!  Absolute #BrexitMadness 
Today we're told to take honey instead of medicine. Preparations for Brexit are underway. Next month: "Is your neighbour a witch?" 
Keir Starmer crystal clear on #r4today that if parliament votes down Theresa May’s #brexit deal then ‘all options should be on the table’ including a referendum on the deal #peoplesvote #stopBrexit 
. @Keir_Starmer sets out @UKLabour’s position after recent confusion: #Labour is keeping open the option of a #Referendum if Commons rejects #brexit deal  
The closest available thing to the prosperous Brexit people voted for, is Remain. The furthest thing from it is a no deal, hard Brexit.When what was advertised isn’t in stock, people have a right to reject the substitution. 
'Wants' is not the same as 'guarantees'..  WAKE UP PEOPLE FFS! 
Majority of voters in northeast support fresh referendum in case of no-deal Brexit, new poll reveals  
BREXIT BLAST: Brussels fires angry warning to UK over market access - NO special treatment Our FRIENDS in the EU threaten that we might not get Market access after Brexit.They don’t seem to understand the British mindset that we don’t like threats. 
Sorry but publishing no-deal #brexit papers is little more than threatening suicide by waving about a blueprint of the building you are about to jump off. 
More bad news for #Brexit Britain! We in the EU hold the copyright for the nasty photos you see on fag packets. We will cunningly withhold these after Brexit. Britons will then will smoke more. They will become ill, productivity and GDP will drop. Ha ha! 
I'm noticing a rash of Corbynite faithful appearing on my TL accusing me of attacking 'him' (read in whispered tones). I am attacking his position on #Brexit. You should be more concerned what that is doing to @UKLabour, he can take the flak, if not then he shouldn't be leader. 
'A no-deal Brexit would be a real catastrophe, a complete failure' - Shadow Brexit secretary  Sir @Keir_Starmer discusses what would happen if the government's negotiations with the EU fail.For more on this story, head here:  
The U.K. will signal that it wants life to continue as normal in the event of a “No Deal” Brexit, in the face of warnings that aircraft might be grounded and hospitals run short of medicine  
It beggars belief that we have reached this point as a country on #Brexit and it is down to a complete failure of political leadership. Good democracy unites, it doesn't divide. It is about making good decisions together. This process fails on every measure. 
1. Dominic Raab @BBCr4today trying 2 whitewash the unfolding debacle & plays the Project Fear card re tech advice.ME: 2 yrs on the 'promises' aka lies sound more hollow than ever.Gone £350m extra for the NHS. Gone the Same Benefits.Never a BETTER DEAL.#Brexit harms us ALL 
Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer says that “all options should be on the table,” including another referendum, if Theresa May’s deal is voted down by Parliament #r4Today 
Paraphrasing Dominic Raab on #r4today: "we have everything in hand, nothing to worry about! We'll stockpile perishable medicines and food - trust us, we're competent". Seems like austerity & foodbanks were a small-scale trial-run for a No-Deal Brexit...  
Firstly, this is not true. Secondly, it’s simply besides the point. Thirdly,it’s not a “second referendum”, that was the 2016 referendum. This would be a third EU referendum, on a final deal, and this time on an informed basis and without the flaws and illegalities.  
On the ‘opportunities’ of no deal Brexit mentioned by Raab on #r4today his DExEU dept seems to have providing plenty- £2m for consultants who are also advising companies on how to profit from ‘asset break up’ of major UK industries after Brexit. Nice  
I see England is very upset about #NoDealBrexit. Imagine if your country didn’t vote for Brexit at all. 
Sad day. Our 80 year old, nearest English neighbours, who were the first Brits we met over here, are moving back to the UK today. They've been driven out by the uncertainty of #Brexit and continuing health care coverage. 
I wrote an article for Spiked.It’s about how social issues seemed more contentious than party politics or Brexit at the Fringe. 
I'd suggest it'd be primarily an emotional driver: the Brexit vote is widely seen as an anti-foreigner vote (although yes, I'm aware other interpretations are available), so would you want to stay somewhere which'd made it clear it doesn't want you if you had other good options? 
Thank you once again Guy @guyverhofstadt fornall you are doing although I must point out that I am really very very angry that my EU citizenship is being stolen from me by an advisory referendum 'won' by cheating and breaking the law.  
2/ I would add to this, that the citing of threats of violence and disorder as a reason to proceed with #Brexit, most recently by Barry Gardiner, is very much the fascist politics of the violent mob, or the threat of the mob, being used to suppress opposition politics. 
The ONLY thing "catastrophic" about a WTO Brexit is the EU don't get their £39billion bribe. We are being played.   
"Yay! It's Brexit Preparedness day, have you got your leaflets yet?" by HappyToast - just FP'd:  
Brexit minister Dominic Raab on #r4today saying that there are ‘opportunities’ from no deal. Later says no deal as bad for EU as for UK. As ever whenever a Brexit minister speaks, feels like no deal v likely. 
"No, I don't think the word 'turmoil' will appear in the (Brexit) technical notices," says Dominic Raab, oblivious to the irony of this statement.@BBCR4Today 
You're getting hoodwinked and you can't see it. Do you think that Rees-Mogg, Johnson, Farage etc. give a damn about the average person? The only impact they'll see from a No Deal Brexit is positive to them, while the normal person suffers. They're using you - wake up to it. 
So Murdo Fraser says on GMS  a no deal Brexit is a’ card to play’ in nogotiations that he likens to buying a car! Also says , wrongly, u cannot stay in the SM if not in the EU. This is the party running the UK Government! 
Raab is no more willing to answer the question about whether he can categorically guarantee no shortage of medicines like insulin than Corbyn is to answer the question of whether he thinks Brexit will make us better off. 
The people will certainly get another vote on #Brexit. It’s called a general election and I am very much looking forward to it. Happy to debate with you any time @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
It was Yeltsin himself who destroyed Russia's nascent democracy. His December 1993 referendum created (with strong American support) a "hyper Presidency." That was a few months after he ordered tanks to shell the parliament. Between 437-2000 people died in the fighting.  
Scottish government warns against 'no deal' Brexit - BBC News  
Remember folks, the party that brought you 'No Deal is Better than a Bad Deal' are preparing you for a 'No Deal' so they can deliver a 'Bad Deal' & you will gladly accept it as 'Anything is Better than a No Deal'Personally I am sticking with 'No #Brexit is Better than Any Deal' 
Wetherspoon Chief Hits Back At Claims No-Deal Brexit Would Increase Prices  
We'll either quit EU with a deal, quit without one or not quit at all. First two scenarios are strewn with obstacles. The chance of stopping Brexit is rising. My @POLITICOEurope column 
However bad Brexit is and however inept the Government, anything that goes wrong or causes difficulties will be that EU’s fault and UK and its people will bravely overcome the damage those continentals do to us (cue Jerusalem)  
"I voted for Brexit and hold views on social issues held by much of the country. At the Edinburgh Fringe, that makes me exotic. But this year, things seem to be changing"@GeoffNorcott on why audiences are opening up to conservative comics 
The public wants Brexit to happen as fast as possible 
Brexit and the NHS. Just the Facts. Part 2: Going Nuclear. What impact will a #NoDealBrexit have on the supply of radioactive isotopes on the #NHS? 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of August 22, 2018 at 08:50AM, £1 buys 1.1141€. 
Two years two months on from the referendum we’ve now reached the non-flying aeroplanes, running out of food and medicines, lights out in N Ireland stage of negotiations in ‘the easiest deal in human history’ copyright @LiamFox no wonder support for @peoplesvote_uk growing 
2016:“No downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside.”2018:The government is now preparing to emergency stockpile food and medicine and Britain is facing the prospect of being the only country in the world without a trade deal with anyone.#NoDealBrexit 
BREAKING NEWS: Sir Keir Starmer: Second referendum still 'on the table'  
2016:“No one is talking about leaving the single market”“The easiest deal in history” “No downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside”2018:“Here’s a guide on how to survive for a week on leaves and a rat”#NoDealBrexit 
Keir is absolutely right. A @peoplesvote_uk has to be one of the options open to Parliament if the Brexit Deal on offer is disastrous and has to be rejected. Democractic options can’t be curtailed because of foolish talk about civil disobedience.  
Dominic Raab promises “sensible and measured” steps for a no deal Brexit:- No trade agreements - No Irish border solution- Food & medicine stockpiling- Planes grounded- 20 mile port tailbacksReplace “sensible and measured” with “stupid and chaotic”. 
A 2nd referendum would mean...More delayMore uncertaintyDemocracy underminedHow is any of that good for anyone?  
BBC commentators should stop referring to a “people’s vote”. They mean a second referendum to overturn the one that Leave won, a tactic always used by the EU until a country comes up with the right answer (ie the answer demanded by the EU).  
#NoDealBrexit & the NHS reality:“From day 1 after the UK leaves the EU the entire supply chain of pharmaceuticals could be adversely affected in the event of a #NoDealBrexit or hard Brexit”“Public health & disease control coordination could also suffer” Where is the PLAN?  
#NoDealBrexit is a betrayal of:The vast majority of Brexit voters who were promised a BETTER deal with the EU1.4 million British emigrants whose right to live in their own homes is based on their EU citizenshipYounger generations who'd be paying for this disaster. 
Govt to publish No Deal post Brexit advice #NoDealBrexit #brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg & 60 Tory MPs: It is time to face down vested interests in the establishment and put democracy first. Yet most of all, it is time ‘to chuck Chequers’, respect the referendum, be out of Europe, take back control and believe in Britain.  
A referendum is by definition (see below) a #peoplesvote So we've already had one   
"All options", including a new referendum, should be on the table if Parliament rejects a Brexit deal, says @Keir_Starmer - he thinks the UK can get through the Brexit process without civil disobedience, contrary to the warning of his colleague Barry Gardiner. #r4today 
Is this more magic thinking by govt? Much like the Brexit impact reports that David Davis promised but in reality never had, now apparently #NoDealBrexit advice to be published......yesterday it was found not one NHS trust has received this “advice”.... 
Keir Starmer tells @BBCr4today that if parliament votes down Theresa May’s #brexit deal then ‘all options should be on the table’ -that includes a ‘people’s vote’ ie a referendum. very different from Barry Gardiner’s denunciation of the whole idea of a new referendum 
For many of us this is the worst news we've heard in 2 years of Brexit. If you're British and live in UK, you won't know how this feels. But for those of us affected, it's like being swallowed by an abyss.Our citizenship means nothing. The mother is dead  
Dominic Raab wants “business as usual” after a no-deal Brexit. How is this even remotely possible when a no-deal Brexit will cause every single business in the UK to lose the right to freely trade with 500 million potential customers? 
"Why does UK pay so much and get so little back?" Superb #Brexit summary of how UK is the poor relation from massive EU £410 BILLION fund:  
The ‘sensible and measured’ response to the problems of Brexit is a people’s vote to stop Brexit 
No Government could take the UK out of the EU without a withdrawal agreement with all the vast recognised risks it entails. No deal would mean revoking the Article 50 notification.  No deal means no Brexit. 
A no deal Brexit would be a complete failure by the Government to negotiate for Britain – @Keir_Starmer 
In an explosive letter to local Conservative Association chairmen about the Prime Minister’s Brexit plan, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg has urged the Tory grassroots to “chuck Chequers” - read what he has to say in full here: 
Happy "Protect and Survive 2 day" Brexit voting people of the UK  
While Brexit was expected to deal a blow to Britain's position in global finance, FX trading volumes are up. @reuterstommy explains the factors behind London’s lead  
German chamber of commerce warns EU to strike  Brexit deal. .Penny idropping that EU will be hit hard by No Deal 
Govt to release report on quality of optics that birders will be expected to muddle through with post-#Brexit.  The Brexit minister will predict that newer models will be at ‘the shittier end of the spectrum’ but said birders could forget about any new ‘truly innovative designs’. pic.twitter.com/NDuhyaF9XW 
Government releases first 'Technical Document' on #Brexit"Technically we're fucked" 
Memo to Govt. There is no thing as no trade deal. There is WTO for EU like we trade with rest of world eg USA and China and then follows Free Trade Agreements or rollovers which we will sign after Brexit. So stop Project Fear 2-It spectacularly failed last time and will again! 
No mention of what Brexit was about - the key reason we’ll be better off is that by leaving the EU we’ll have upheld democracy Brexit gives UK voters a greater say in their own politics. Why now, when he knows it has to happen, can’t formerly eurosceptic Corbyn make that point?  
The Daily Express is still pushing for a hard Brexit in spite of experts from multiple industries claiming, with evidence, that it will be a disaster. Already the UK economy has shrunk, we can't let it collapse any further - time for a #PeoplesVote, Time to #StopBrexit 
The Daily Express continues to insist Britain must stick its head in the sand pursue suicidal isolationist nationalism as policy.People across the UK waking up to the painful reality of Brexit. Ignore this rag.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
The North East of England voted leave but as the ramifications of what Brexit will mean for the region become clear the people are changing their minds and becoming #remainernowNotable shift in @UKLabour leave voters in particular. We need #PeoplesVote 
News Daily: No-deal Brexit advice to be published and GCSE results  
Investment bank Goldman Sachs has agreed to sell and leaseback its new headquarters #Brexit fears  
what are you doing @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @uklabour ? Maj of people in UK, Lab supporters and members don't want Brexit. There is no Good Brexit. It hurts working people severely. This is not Jeremy's private club. If Corbyn won't honour the will of members he must Go  
Jeremy Corbyn has declared Labour would 'absolutely' vote against a 'no deal' Brexit in Parliament  
North of England ‘braver’ about Brexit than London civil service  
Those no-deal Brexit documents in full (ht @ReplabJohn) 
More than 700,000 sign The Independent’s petition for a second Brexit vote – here's a selection of your reasons for backing the campaign  
Well said Sir my feelings as well... voted Remain myself but fully endorse #Leave won and leave we must #brexit 
Have you seen this? Owen on video in 2015/16 (after EURef announced) eulogising about the EFTA / EEA option being the optimal Brexit outcome for the U.K. (because, in his view, in excess of 4.5m / 5m U.K. jobs depend on the Single Market).  
Just look at what Germany and The Netherlands achieved while in the EU.Brexit is the wrong answer to the wrong question, and needs to be cancelled now! 
All the extreme Remainers, who've been howling about the poor public being mislead by the media before and during the referendum, will now be defending the same corrupt and lying media just so they can attack Corbyn. #ChangeTheMedia 
In a “no deal” Brexit scenario, there would be plenty of laws and rules governing Britain’s third-country relationship with the E.U. They would just be terribly disadvantageous to the U.K.:  
Alright @JasonIsbell thank you for taking a stand. How do you feel about the voter referendum @OversightNow ? 
Worlds longest serving president/monarch #paulbiya killing english minority since 2016 supported by France & britain with army trained by the USA yet the #UN #antonioguterres  supports #paulbiya. #ambazonia #referendum #plebicite #mafia #Genocide #GenocideInSouthernCameroons 
Well that’s good, but can we oppose Brexit altogether please? There isn’t a single deal that would make us better off than being in the EU!  
Suddenly realizing that I may need to ask the White House about UDI and not Brexit 
'We don't want Brexit Britain to have better deal with EU than us,' Norway warns Brussels  via @Telegraph 
A follower turned me on to this new Steam title from @nomorerobotshq in which you play a nightclub bouncer in post-Brexit Britain. Must check this out! @ColinCampbellx @patrickklepek one for you too? 
If the cucked GOP wasn't deadset on re-certifying its "Stupid Party" moniker for the millionth time, the 2018 mid-terms would be a referendum on Mollie's murder: Do we welcome the invaders or do we repel them?  
Brexit: an alternate dimension - the Brexit talks begin to look more and more like an episode of The Simpsons, with Raab cast in the role of Homer and Barnier as a demented Sideshow Bob. We have departed the real world, and anything goes...  #Brexinfo. 
Everyone who considers themselves to be a democrat should be joining the campaign for a #PeoplesVote because we know that that the referendum was won by cheating. If you are running scared because of threats of violence then you have no place in the HoC.#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw. 
The Spanish state devoted all of their resources to stopping the Catalan referendum, and they couldn't do it. It's incredible if you think about it. With that kind of ingenuity by the Catalans, anything is possible. 
Both happening in 2018. Switzerland is holding a referendum to add cycling infrastructure to their federal constitution...and in Winnipeg we are holding one to continue a 40 year ban on pedestrians at the heart of our city. #VoteOpenWpg 
'No-deal' Brexit advice to be published by UK government  
The EU has 54 bilateral agreements with the USA with another 8 pending - to say nothing of the 80 multilateral agreements. Farbricant doesn't even do cursory fact checking of his assertions - and it takes only five clicks of a mouse to do.  #Brexit  
No chance Dr Fox not happening.  Brexit is the worst political decision of our lifetime.  It’s bad for business and bad for the economy Until someone proves to me differently I will keep talking #fbpe #PeoplesVote 
Right now I’m afraid I care more about my dead friend and the events that lead to an avoidable death than I do brexit. Sure, it’s important. But let’s put it into perspective- it’s not the same as a disabled man hanging himself due to cut benefits. 
“Kassam agrees there‘s Brexit fatigue, but says it’s nothing to do with the desire to leave the EU. “It’s not w/ Brexit as an idea—it’s w/ Brexit as a process... That’s why we need to... message it back to being a rebellious phase rather than a process.’”  
The United Nations visit will leave Tories nowhere to hide on poverty failingsThe #UN will see how austerity & welfare reform has affected #poverty and #HumanRights detrimentally#UniversalCredit & #Brexit are other topics being looked at in November. 
It is time to back #BrexitPlease retweet as widely as possible if you agree we should take back control of our sovereignty and independenceSupport @LeaveMnsLeave @LeaveEUOfficial @GetBritainOut#MayMustGo #CONSERVATIVE#MGBA 
So, having won the referendum by downplaying risks for political purposes, Govt leavers are now issuing papers to alert business to the risks we’re now facing but which will downplay those risks for political purposes.  
Please sign this ECI (European Citizen's Initiative) to allow UK citizens to keep EU citizenship after #BrexitIf we get 1 million signatures our MEPs debate and vote on it. #WeAreEurope. Sign it and share it! 
Rewatching the West Wing box set at the moment and noticed something I'd missed first time around - a sticker prominently displayed on one of the White House computers that says:"If you think education is expensive, try ignorance."Strikes me as the perfect slogan for Brexit. 
JUST PUBLISHED ON @BrexitCentral: The full texts of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's explosive "chuck Chequers" letter and leaflet to grassroots Tories aimed at turning them against the Prime Minister's Brexit plan  
This perfectly summarises many of the issues around #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK when it comes to no deal Brexit. It is not about 'being allowed to stay' - it never has been. It is about being allowed to live. Live the the way we lived before.  
Macron and Merkel’s bid to SAVE Europe REVEALED: Pair to tackle Brexit and populism threat. For 45 years they have crapped all over the people who now are starting to rebel. The EU has cut its own throat and deserves to fail.  
Shock poll shows the North East has abandoned its thumping support for Brexit.The region has seen an 8-point swing to #Remain.And a majority now back a #PeoplesVote.A no-deal Brexit would cost each & every person in the NE £3,000 a year. #StopBrexit. 
45 years of EU failure subsidised by us British taxpayers. UK will thrive outside the EU with NO DEAL Brexit  
It was a privilege to make this video with A&E doctor Charles Gallagher. The NHS will not survive in its current form if Brexit goes ahead, he warns.  
Journalism has been holding Jeremy Corbyn to account about his links to anti-semites, wreath laying and views on Brexit. Corbyn people have spat their dummies and cried foul. Now they want to change the media to suit them.  
Dominic Raab wants business as usual after a ‘no deal’ Brexit  
New @YouGov poll shows an 8% swing against Brexit since the referendum in the North East of England. The region voted 58-42 in favour of leave; that's now 50-50.  
Here is Owen Paterson arguing the EU, EEA and EFTA are not the same thing, when he was for choosing an EEA Brexit. He now argues what he used to say was a Ukip fiction.  
Despite Brexit uncertainty, Britain remains the king of the currencies. @reuterstommy explains why on @ReutersTV  
Owen Paterson can not believe his own argument that EEA/EFTA are not a form of Brexit. There may be good arguments against choosing that form of Brexit, but a man who argued for them as his favoured post-Brexit option can't credibly say they aren't Brexit at all.  
So after a day of analysis of Scotland’s finances what new ideas have Unionist parties produced to stimulate Scotland’s economy? None. Instead we will have Brexit ‘technical notes’ telling us just how damaging their economic mishandling will be. 
Democracy demands a new Brexit referendum - Menzies Campbell.Scotland supports a #PeoplesVote by 48% to 31%.And Scotland would vote overwhelmingly to #Remain in the EU by 66% to 34%.Let’s do it. #StopBrexit. 
Want to throw a HUGE spanner into the works of Brexit?Stop the UK Gov removing your EU Citizenship against your willSign the "Permanent European Union Citizenship" initiativeNeeds a Million SignaturesAll current EU citizens of voting age can sign#FBPE 
Shock new opinion poll shows big swing against Brexit, particularly no-deal Brexit!  
Barry Gardiner :Things to cause civil unrest:*A democratic vote on the deal that the majority want.Things that don’t* denying people that vote* economic harm*crooked referendum* food shortages*medical supply shortages*Shortages of medical personnel* Business loss 
Look at this, neck & neck in a 2 dead horse race. Honest to God @UKLabour you seriously need to get your shit together. If you don't change your leader & your position on #Brexit & a #PeoplesVote now then we all get a Tory #Brexit & you don't get the keys to #10 for a generation  
Yet Labour run Wales languishes in the worst poverty in the UK, with Paycap, Bedroom Tax, full student fees, no infrastructural investment, failing NHS and they will be worst hit by Brexit which Corbyn supports.Why doesn't warrior Corbyn do anything about these facts?  
Tory politicians raged against people exercising their lawful right to challenge the government in the article 50 court case. And they are raging against us exercising our lawful right to oppose and seek to reverse #Brexit.Respect for Law is key to democracy. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit: UnbelievableTrump: InexplicableAustralia: Hold my beer#LibSpill3 
Until we leave the EU, stopping a disastrous Brexit remains an option. (pun not intended). Reminding people they have every right to avoid a job-eating Brexit they didn't vote for is what any leader with any love for the UK should be doing. That means supporting a #PeoplesVote 
Jeremy Corbyn: "Labour are under attack! Because we are standing up to the elites who are determined in hijack Brexit to pay even less tax!""Labour's under attack because we are standing up the corporate interests plundering our NHS." 
When Saido Berahino last scored a goal, Prime Minister David Cameron had just announced a date for the Brexit referendum and there were five candidates to be the Republican party’s nominee for the 2016 US presidential election. I don’t think the incidents were related, though. 
Wow! 8000 endorsements in 8 hours from across the 28 #European Union Member States. Keep sharing and liking. #PermanentEUCitizenship Pls RT  #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Shock poll shows the North East has abandoned its thumping support for Brexit  
*Jeremy Corbyn: I'll tax tech firms to subsidise the BBC licence fee*  Those tech firms which won't be here bc he supports Brexit & if any still are they'll leave bc he's gonna tax them until their pips squeak. #Fool 
Absolutely. Most City folks in my network are actually fairly relaxed about Brexit (contingency plans in place, etc.) But they are seriously concerned about Corbyn. Some actively planning to leave already. 
Most of the so-called deficit is due to UK Gov spending on wars, HS2, Crossrail, Trident, Brexit, Austerity and other policy areas that are completely outwith Scot Gov control & have no benefit to Scotland. Moreover comparisons with UK largely reflect London & SE, and not rUK. 
Jeremy Corbyn: Labour will 'absolutely' oppose 'no deal' Brexit. Yet he supports PLO, Hamas & IRA.  He must Hate UK?  
There has been a small shift in the Remain direction, but we are talking low single digits & usually within the margin of errorThere is still no widespread support for a 2nd referendum.Nor is there evidence of mass "Begret"I'm not the one with my hand in the sand, Ed.  
One of my favourite relationship quotes: 'A person isn't who they were in the last conversation you had with them. They're who they've been throughout your whole relationship.'If Brexit has been going badly, it's going to keep going badly. Have a look!  
The underlying point here is that the Commission currently has no mandate to negotiate a stripped down withdrawal agreement, or some basic post Brexit deal, which is what the "no deal" fans are really arguing for. 
I blame the media for the mess we're in. They peddled the 'we must have austerity' myth, which has caused so much harm to the poorest. They promoted Thatcher and Blair, which gave us a shit economy and pointless foriegn wars and they peddled Brexit. So yes, do  #ChangeTheMedia 
How am I still having to explain this. Wake up!! THERE IS ONLY ONE BREXIT.Either we get this mythical good Brexit deal by the start of November. 11 WEEKS! or we don't get a deal.If you've seen us heading towards a bad Brexit for the past 2 years, why would 11 weeks change that? 
Fuelled by young people and Labour voters, the North East has seen an 8% point change in views on Brexit - one of the most Brexit supporting parts of country is now 50/50. All the more reason for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
I guess voting for the BBC’s directors is more important to Labour Party members, than, say, having a vote on the final Brexit deal. 
The same BBC that allows #TheAndrewsSisters Marr & Neil to tailor their political programmes on national television to help Hard Brexit.  
Remain & Labour... ... .the best optionBrexit & Labour... ... ... the next bestRemain & Tories... ... ...just like the last 8 yearsBrexit & Tories... ... ... ..3rd-world arma-fucking-geddon 
Majority of voters in northeast support fresh referendum in case of no-deal Brexit, new poll reveals  
But for #Brexit and the terrible treatment of our medics more would want to come here from the EU and more of the home grown ones would want to stay here and work in the NHS. There will be more shortages of radiologists & all other medics unless we improve conditions. #bbcnewsten 
If you value your EU citizenship, you need to sign this and RT to everyone. It's an EU initiative to have your EU citizens rights preserved no matter what happens with Brexit. It needs everyone's support to get passed! Do it! 
While most of the USA finally wakes up to the fact that it is being led by a crime syndicate in the White House, the British silly-walk into Brexit with closely associated and no lesser criminals running its own government. 
What I don't understand is those people who were shouting about democracy being 'subverted' at the suggestion of Brexit being stopped upon finding out Leave criminally cheated why they aren't shouting about democracy being 'subverted' at the suggestion of Brexit going ahead? 
Dear @jeremycorbyn I am a former constituent of yours. During that time I found it difficult to get a straight answer (or in fact any answer) to my dozen #brexit letters (1 reply in 12).But please answer me this.. Will #brexit make Britain better off?#askjeremy 
Theresa May’s secretively schemed to remove a law to ensure she could deport people.She decided the #brexit vote meant freedom of movement had to end. She then made the decision to leave the EU without any due diligence.Her xenophobia drives her.  
If "democracy demands a second referendum" then how come, when the Liberal Democrats actually offered one, were they returned with their lowest vote share on record?  
Strange that no one talks about a secret plan to stop Brexit anymore.There was never any secret and you can’t pretend it is a conspiracy when the majority of the country wants to #stopbrexit and is happy to say so loudly and proudly.! 
@OwenPaterson said during the referendum that “only a madman would actually leave the market” . So are you insane or are you a liar? In either case why should people unite behind a policy based on lies or madness?  
Sixty Conservative Eurosceptics write to the party's grassroots renouncing Theresa May's Brexit-in-name-only Chequers plan: #BrexitBetrayal 
The #Brexit lies are so bad, and have so perverted our democracy, that I believe that we should regard them and #Brexit as a violation of the unwritten norms that underlie our constitutional arrangements. The culprits must therefore be prosecuted and jailed.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The clock is ticking. How far would you go for a Brexit deal at any cost? Play through the various scenarios in our new game  
Shock poll shows the North East has abandoned its thumping support for Brexit 
My #Brexit plan.Will re-asses things at Christmas & decide on EU or UK.EU: Keep small hardware business & continue working in the EUUK: Junk small hardware business & continue working in UKUK tech is slowly moving to EUWages higher in EUHate & far right worse after Brexit 
A thread on Brexit. I retain the uncontroversial assumption that Brexit is an act of supreme economic, geo-political and societal self-harm. Here I focus on my concern that no-deal Brexit risks may be under-analysed and under-priced in the market. 1/ 
- Jean- Hello, Border. Do you remember Seamie's parable about the dodo?- The male dodo that was convinced it was the last dodo and ended it all by jumping off a cliff?- Aye- And at the bottom of its fall it landed on the last female dodo and killed it?- [Together] ... Brexit 
"The architect of one of the most disastrous government welfare reforms was given a free ride to rewrite history on a BBC radio programme. Former secretary of state for work and pensions Iain Duncan Smith appeared on Radio 4‘s Reflections programme." 
Not only is Leadsom now a fake #Brexiteer but she has now been joined by #Brexit backslider EusticeThey can spin the white paper as much as they like but the vast majority of Brits know that Chequers is Not Brexit#ChuckChequers@StandUp4Brexit 
Powerful NHS union just backed a second referendum on Brexit - Mirror Online  via @nuzzel thanks @CharlesTannock 
Another Brexiter lying about what people voted for in the referendum. Another repetition of the lie that the Norway model was not presented as a #Brexit option. These lies are destroying our democracy. Fight for democracy #JailTheLeaveLiars!#LeaveLies #PeoplesVote 
And Corbyn, Milne, Gardiner et al continue to enable this #brexit madness to happen.Future historians will rightly ask how the rational moderate majority of MPs managed to remain so divided on party political grounds they alllowed this happen.  
What a passive aggressive man. This is NO leader. Sorry. He’s having a go about the stories of asylum seekers not being heard, then pushing through #Brexit which utterly shafts every asylum seeker and immigrant going forward. What a disgrace he is and I make no apologies  
thank GOD. Can they be put in charge of Brexit?  
RT if you are sick to fucking death of Brexit. 
Talking about tomorrow’s papers tonight on @SkyNews with @toryboypierce: Trump, Brexit + maybe a media lecture by the former Newport and Market Drayton Advertiser chief reporter, @jeremycorbyn 
Patrick is correct. Conservative MPs who know #ChequersPlan is Brexit in name only and who know it will cost them their seats must speak out and act accordingly #ChequersmeansCorbyn 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: 'It is time to face down vested interests in the establishment and put democracy first. Yet most of all it is time to chuck Chequers, respect the referendum, be out of Europe, take back control and believe in Britain.' 
Celeb Corbyn haters. You’re allowed to dissent, disagree and dislike. Just be honest about why it is. Brexit my arse. It’s about TAX. You think we’re all fucking stupid. 
A reminder that there is NO #Brexit scenario which is good for the UKWe need a #PeoplesVote 
Why nobody believes that the U.K. is ready for a “no deal” Brexit:  
Excellent piece by @KateHoeyMP: "We can no longer trust the Government to deliver the result of the  referendum. It is time for all those who voted Leave to speak out and make their voice heard."   Support us at  
Don't worry David. CLP motions calling for a #PeoplesVote are coming in all the time. We are sure the party leadership will not want to suppress a #Brexit debate at #Lab18. Even if they did, we are equally sure the number of motions and strength of feeling  mean they can't. 
Anyone who thinks Trump's election and the referendum result are separate issues is bonkers. The same thread of corruption ran through both campaigns 
Jeremy Hunt: UK better off outside EU, even without a deal. And that's coming from a remainer! It’s about time all remainer MPs rallied around Brexit..  
Fuck Trump off and fuck Brexit off, both utter utter shite ideas, voted in by people who were lied too! 
Barnier explains simply but absolutely why Brexit negotiations cannot deliver a good deal  
Labour, you have to ask yourself some very searching questions. And if you care about our country, DO something about it. The solution is absolutely simple. Oppose Brexit. - (And if you want a VERY big majority, change your leader as well.)  
A tiny part of me thinks You fuckersReading yer paperAnd watching yer newsBelieving the richAnd trashing the poorYou deserve BrexitAnd crushing austerity It's fucking karma                                  own it 
Me too. Especially when they back the Tories on Brexit and just repeat their lies.  
Labour will not form government 'in my lifetime or even yours' unless it opposes Brexit, Foulkes tells Gardiner  
It is not Britain that's crashing out with #Brexit. It is the EU that's gonna come crashing down thanks to the euro, the immigration crisis, and above all a head-in-sand EU elite pursuing EU political union whatever the costs and consequences for the peoples of Europe.  
Travel industry bosses demand progress and a fresh Brexit referendum  
Excellent... perhaps they can explain the damage being done by #Brexit  
Dear @carolecadwalla,I'm a huge fan. My @Gaslitnation co-host @sarahkendzior will also be speaking at @BylineFest. She would love to interview you about how Brexit & Trump are the same crime. Don't let Sarah get sucked into a drum circle. Please find her! Thank you, Andrea 
What if Scotland *was* subsidised by Britain, happily living outwith its means? For how long do we think rightwing political and media populism will permit that state of affairs to continue in post-Brexit Britain as it casts around for the new targets of resentment that it needs? 
Thank you Simon. That’s a positive tweet. And timely. But that article has really been used against the #FBPE people and also I think generally used to undermine the real fear and anxiety #Brexit has unleashed. 
HOEY "We can no longer trust the Government to deliver the result of the referendum. It is time for all those who voted Leave to speak out and make their voice heardWe have to show we will not allow politicians to betray the will of the people" 
Given the gov's complete inability to negotiate any kind of deal and similar cakisum from Lab, Its only hard brexit or remainHard Brexit under WTO is an act of complete insanity that could destroy the UKRemain saves our economy and children futures, its the only sane option! 
Dominic Raab has made not one iota of progress in the Brexit negotiations since David Davis resigned from the same impossible job.How do I know this? Simple. Raab is on Twitter. Had he the merest whiff of good news, he'd have broadcast it far and wide. 
Interesting to hear that Britain has just stepped in to help Iran construct a new nuclear reactor after US pulled out...Trump going to love that!Tell me that story again about how US will gladly make a very special deal with the UK after Brexit... 
I started listening to @BBCr4today when I was very young and listened daily until last year when it’s (and most of the rest of @BBC output) sneering anti-Brexit cultural Marxism finally made me reach for the off button 
No ones changing their mind out 17 million voted leave you dweeb. You never stop going on about another vote. We’ve had a Referendum we voted to leave. No one told you yet David Vote Leave won. Stop trying to derail Brexit. Seen that policeman your still looking for.   
Help avoiding the negative economic impact of Brexit is, however, very much for sale. If you can afford it.And Jacob’s firm is selling.  
It's depressing to think that the thinking that leads to supporting Brexit also leads to supporting climate change denial. But hardly surprising.  
Personally, what I am extremely worried about from a no/hard-brexit is that jobs will leave the UK and my EU citizenship will be stripped. I, alongside any BA, BSC, MA, MSc, MPhil and PHD graduates do not want to get to a position in March where our careers are ruined from Brexit 
As you well know, EFTA is entirely consistent with the referendum result and the question that was put to the people. If you’re looking for unity and want to cause the least harm to the country EFTA is the answer. As @EFTA4UK can explain some of Greg Hands comments are incorrect. 
Text from former British colleague: “Just started reading omarosa's book. America making Brexit Britain look sane” 
As I'm now abroad a lot I get asked the Brexit Q all the time. Current answer:"Neither Govt nor opposition can agree a position within their own party. There's no parliamentary majority for any position. And we're leaving in 218 days. So in conclusion: no one has a clue." 
Can someone explain the etymology of the ‘people’s vote’? Didn’t we already have a people’s vote? Isn’t that the very definition of a referendum? Or are we saying those who voted leave aren’t ‘people’? 
Reminder: The EU is not a finished project. Its stated aim is to eliminate nation states and become an antidemocratic, unaccountable federation.The closer our ties to it, the more we'll be dragged in.The only safe Brexit is no deal Brexit. 
The brilliant Steve Bray @snb19692The one-man campaign against Brexit that's being run from Port Talbot  
More than 700,000 sign The Independent’s petition for a second Brexit vote – here's a selection of your reasons for backing the campaign#PeoplesVote 
#Facebook shuts down fake pro-Corbyn and anti-Brexit accounts linked to #Iran  
Reminder:Brexit is not about exactly what happens the day after we Leave.But about where the UK will be in 25 years time.Proudly thriving in the Big Wide World? Or stagnating in the moribund, dying EU? 
Brexiters (latest @OwenPaterson) tell us that Brexit is not working because we haven't all got behind it & are talking it down. What they don't understand is that when someone is on a roof threatening to jump & commit suicide it is the duty of ALL to talk them down. #PeoplesVote 
Goldman Sachs commits to UK despite #Brexit fears with £1.2bn deal A vote of confidence in the UK from the very same Goldman Sachs that in 2017 warned it would move hundreds of staff out of London because of Brexit 
As #Brexit has *already* cost me THOUSANDS OF POUNDS & has the very real potential to PUT ME OUT OF BUSINESS, sorry @LiamFox I bloody well WILL keep going on about it!!!! #StopBrexit 
Would that be union dividend which sees WM grabbing our powers post-Brexit? Or one which sees them stealing SCO’s £1b EU funds? The proceeds of the Fort Kennard scam - destined to be spent in Cheltenham? Or the EU £ms stolen from SCO farmers & spent in ENG?  
A remainer should never have been made Prime Minister to deliver Brexit, when they don’t believe in the job they are doing & fundamentally disagree with the democratic choice made by the British people. Theresa May is the wrong person and not up to the task.  She must be replaced  
There has never been someone so unfit to be Prime Minister as Jeremy Corbyn. Besides his unworkable economic policies, total failure to make any decisions on Brexit, there is also the problem of his links & sympathies to extremist groups & terrorists..  
Hey @Will_DryOFOC, @HughNorris7 & @damidude - apparently you don’t exist! According to Barry Gardiner there are no Leave voters campaigning for a “second referendum”.  
Gave up on news today.  BBC and Sky in full anti Brexit anti Trump mode. Still waiting to find out when there will be a serious investigation into the Clintons. 
Please @Nigel_Farage can you endorse the party that always supported you and brexit @UKIP they gave up their time & money to support the cause, they should be praised. If any MP supports the people & the democratic vote should join UKIP definitely not the corrupt liblabcon 
Today @SecPompeo greeted Sec @jeremy_hunt at the @StateDept. The two Secretaries discussed #Russia, #Iran, #ISIS, and U.S.-UK #sharedprosperity post #Brexit.  
No! @toryboypierce you can't avoid the blame so easily. A well-informed government minister would have known the basic outlines of the kind of deals the EU would agree to from soon after the referendum. An honest one would have told the British people. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The People’s vote will morph into a new political party with 50 Labour MPs and 10 Tory MPs @Anna_Soubry and the Lib Dem’s , the Tories will have a once in a generation chance to win from the right with a Brexit leader like @BorisJohnson or @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #bluewave 
Sure he answered it: The country will be better off under labour after Brexit than it would be under the Tories. 
So you want him to say yes, so you can scream 'Nigel Farage,' or no so leavers can scream 'Arch remoaner'. But because he said, we respect the result & will deliver the best Brexit possible' you're all like, shit, he didn't fall in the trap. I know, I'll scream dishonest instead  
Britain's Conservative Party received twice as much money from dead people last year as it did from members 
BBC = Bashing Brexit Continuously 
So Brexit it is a good thing ...... but the 13 billion pounds overspend & 1/2 billion pounds underspend ... how does that work ???  
Go away. The Referendum happened. The vote didn’t go your way. Tough. Go live in the  #EU if you want to stay under their control . Nobody will miss you @DavidLammy . Infact, just the opposite. #StandUp4Brexit @GetBritainOut @Nigel_Farage @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Report shows workers coming to UK from EU has dropped in 51 out of 58 cities since ref.  Nurses from EU has dropped from 9,389 in 2016 to just 800 now with #NHS having over 40,000 vacancies. #Brexit greatest act of self-harm in my lifetime #FBPE 
EU diplomats expect delay in Brexit deal beyond October target  Tell these "EU Diplomats" that UK does not require a deal at all. If the EU wants to deal let them come to London and ask for one. 
If the leave campaign want to ensure a hard Brexit in the event of another referendum, they could just get this tweet made into a poster  
EU should not be blamed if there is no Brexit deal, Michel Barnier says  Someone please tell Mr Barnier that UK does not want a deal at all. March 2019 and UK is out or there will be trouble. 
It's not just Labour that tries to stifle debate on Brexit at party conference...  
MUST WATCH: @rorybremner joined our event in Edinburgh to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal #PeoplesVoteScot (Watch with sound on) 
More than 700,000 sign The Independent’s petition for a second Brexit vote – here's a selection of your reasons for backing the campaign  
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU leaders should 'FORCE-FEED' UK chance to extend transition period  Do they want 17.4 million Brexiteers on the streets ???? 
I won't support the Tories, Why?They waited a year before invoking article 50. A year wasted.They are compromising to deliver a soft Brexit.They propose a two year transition with no representation.No movement on immigration.No movement on fishing.(1) 
Haha especially as pic depicts U.K. life presently!! Brexit types should be getting us solid gold trade deals & basically free money!!  
BBC trying to navigate the news tonight without mentioning Brexit. So EU UK born children with no U.K. passports, shortage of Radiographers and drop in live Tory donors, drop in Pound. Nothing is anything to do with Brexit. BBC censorship.#FBPE 
He is not representing #Macedonia. He is #soros puppet who came in power without winning the election with one task. To make treason & sign a shamefull capitulation aggreament with greece. We will #BOYCOTT the referendum and soon he will go to jail for hightreason.#Бојкотирам 
Philip Lee again, pushing the 2nd referendum line. Tory leadership apparently content to allow MPs to dump on manifesto promises. What a let down Mrs May has been.  
Straight talking honest politics? Corbyn dodges Brexit question SIX times  
After the referendum we were exhilarated & felt positive about our future yet 2yrs later the establishment backed by media bombards us with messages of fear, even the EU thought they’d get us to change our minds, we will not be forced to vote again like ROI, Dutch & Greeks. 
Like so many others, it seems, my wife and have given up on Today, Newsnight and BBC News and most other BBC news and current affairs. Cannot stand the relentess leftist and anti- Brexit bias 
Am finding it quite amusing that the £9m Govt Remain propaganda leaflet of 2016, which failed in its original aim, is these days proving so useful to Brexiteers. King of Brexit screenshots. Law of unintended - and well-deserved - consequences. 
When you decide to stop supporting Brexit you'll have the right to criticise the Scottish Govt's economic policies.  In the meantime go away and reflect on the massive amount of economic damage you and your pals the Tories are going to do to Scotland and stop posting this rubbish 
Yes I was one of those that "lent" Labour my vote. I regret it now. I won't make the same mistake again. They can have my vote ONLY if they support a PeoplesVote or oppose Brexit. 
WATCH: @Will_DryOFOC voted to leave in 2016 but now he's demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because now there are huge barriers between ourselves and our largest trading partners  
Goldman Sachs commits to UK despite Brexit fears with £1.2bn deal  
"November is a referendum on impeachment," says one-time Trump strategist Steve Bannon  
Jeremy Corbyn: Labour will 'absolutely' oppose 'no deal' Brexit  
Team Trump trying to make election referendum on Dems, just as he did in 2016. The problem is that he and Rs are now the ones in charge. Election is a referendum on party in power.  
Do you trust the Tories & the Westminster establishmentWestminster will screw every £ it can out of Scottish resources & NOT for the benefit of the Scottish peopleTime for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DessolveTheUnion 
Elected politicians for the @Conservatives and @UKLabour who advocate for a 2nd Referendum were elected on manifestos which pledged completion of Brexit. They were undoubtedly elected under false pretences. Step down and stand for reelection as Independents before demand reruns! 
What would you do if your best friend was in trouble?New campaign uses dogs to challenge #Brexit. #Wooferendum #StopBrexit 
Favorable view of the EU (before Brexit)Greece: 27%France: 38%UK: 44%Spain: 47%Netherlands: 51%Sweden: 54%Italy: 58%Hungary: 61%Poland: 72%(Pew, 2016) #0urWorld #EU 
I've joined this growing group & believe other Tories will now consider supporting it too as the best way forward to ensure that the final outcome of Brexit negotiations is subject to direct democratic scrutiny & hopefully reunites UK behind verdict. All else has failed to date!  
One strong pro-Remain leader in Parliament could end this.I just cannot see why Labour lie comatose in front of this open goal.Oppose Brexit, and government is theirs. The Tories will fall like a rotten tree. 
Ld Deben & former Minister is right to question this arbitrary decision aimed at stifling any debate about #PeoplesVote. The Conservative Party may come to regret this totally unjustifiable approach to what is nationally an increasingly popular demand to settle the Brexit outcome  
The truth died in UK the day after our referendum when the Globalist Cartel found out we wanted out of the EU. Nothing but lies from Parliament since then.  
America is taking Russian collusion seriously. Why is the British establishment so utterly complacent about the role of Russia in the referendum? Now lets have a #PeoplesVote without Russian interference. 
Brexiteers tell us that Brexit is not working because Remoaners are "talking the country down".  If there are more Brexiteers than Remainers then why don't they all just "talk the economy back up again"?  C'mon folks let's "believe ourselves to prosperity"!!! 
8.6% of today’s electricity supply came from France & Holland today.Does anyone know if we will continue to be able to receive electricity from France, the Netherlands and Ireland in the event of a no deal Brexit?  
Michel Barnier cannot escape the blame if he fails to get a Brexit deal 
.@KateHoeyMP: We can no longer trust the Government to deliver the result of the referendum. It is time for all those who voted Leave to speak out and make their voice heard.  
Jeremy Corbyn articulates beautifully Labour stance regarding Brexit, emphasising the need to preserve relationship with trading partners - existing & new - to safeguard jobs, rights, safety, security & living standards.  
SMR: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. Someone who seems to be suitably impressed with the argument for a #FinalSay is the comic, actor and chat show host @JKCorden Will you join him and SIGN THE PETITION to demand your say?   
Small business owner, Lance Forman recently contacted Remain customers who were disappointed with his decision to back Leave in the referendum: "By the end of the conversations, I reckon that 80 percent of them would have voted to Leave."  
Not a two referendum man like yourself as was Jake. Ps see @TheNewEuropean for review of your dad’s 1997 tome the Sovereign Individual 
Alba the #EUsuperwolf is taking a stand against #Brexit  join us at the #wooferendum march in London on 7th October  save their #EUPetPassport #StopBrexit  
Theresa May is scared of open debate. Best for Britain has been banned from advertising their Brexit discussion to Conservative members. I've signed the petition. join me and demand open debate in the Conservative party.   
If anything, this (the Brexit part) is even worse than his answer yesterday.  It suggests that Corbyn is also a fan of cakeism and that he does think the UK can be better off out of the EU.  Delusional.  
Of course @JakeBerry is right: People in northern England are braver about Brexit than our London-based civil service, they're comfortable with the status quo, northerners want to shake it all up, not accept managed decline and build a better Britain.  
Sherelle Jacobs: Brexit means more than Brexit. It's time for my fellow Leavers to get on the front foot 
 stopping the use of chemical weapons trade post-Brexit Iran YemenForeign Secretary @Jeremy_Hunt visits the US for bilateral talks 
My God the Shame. ERG hard right Tory agreeing with Labour @BarryGardiner policy on Brexit. Labour is no longer Labour. #StopBrexit 
This is absolutely right. Far from being anti-democratic a @peoplesvote_uk is exactly what a real democracy would do now.  Menzies Campbell: Democracy demands a second Brexit referendum  
.@LiamFox must know his vision for #Brexit Britain is delusional, but is too pig-headed to admit he was wrong.   
Could you get a Brexit deal, or would you walk away from negotiations? Pick your own Brexit  
So the majority who want a #PeoplesVote are not the people. It's a classic populist move - there the real people and there the enemies of the people, the elitists, saboteurs, traitors & subversives trying to undermine the will of the real people. #Brexit  
Heard from a good source Dominic Raab told officials he wanted tomorrow’s no deal documents to be bland so the SoS isn’t accused by fellow Brexit campaigners of joining Project Fear. Raab C Brexit’s covering his back 
I listened to one interview on @BBCr4today last week & the presenter Justin was told by the interviewee that she was here to discuss trade post #Brexit & told him to stop fighting the referendum, he must've mentioned the words disaster or disastrous 20 times, it was embarrassing. 
Latin American documentary challenges Spain's version of Catalan referendum 
LOVELY EU PEOPLE! If you care about British folk being able to retain our EU citizenship after Brexit then this is your chance to make a difference. This isn't your regular petition. It carries a lot of weight with the EU Commision. Please please sign!  
Why can't @jeremycorbyn answer a simple question about Brexit?Despite the fact that 70%+ Labour voters oppose Brexit and that leaving the EU puts the NHS at serious risk, he's going along with the Tories.If you want to #ExitfromBrexit add your name:  
The alternative pathways to Brexit: Theresa May's Chequers deal Vs the Canada Plus option' | via @telegraph 
Big market-moving events such as Britain’s Brexit vote and Trump's election win have happened during European trading hours. That has helped maintain London's lead in the forex race, @reuterstommy explains to @ReutersTV:  
Great meeting between @Ivan_McKee and @PatBreen1 - discussion on #Brexit, future trade missions, scope to enhance collaboration in key sectors of our economy. Despite uncertainties, a very strong commitment to deepening Scottish and Irish trade collaboration.    
tackling this brexit is a sensitive job; but there are skilled and dedicated people working tirelessly.  keep at it all of you.  
Nigel Farage & I had major agreement on @brexitbroadcast today - Theresa May the worst prime minister of our lifetimes. But as I told him, so far as Brexit concerned no matter, because he is doing the job anyway 
Lord Adonis: a man of two halves. On the one hand he claims to speak for the people on (stopping) Brexit. On the other he behaves like an uber-technocrat from the 1950s, when it comes to the Oxford-Cambridge development proposals.  
Petition the EU to grant UK nationals an EU citizenship after Brexit. (Please sign if you're non-UK EU, as it needs backing by 1 million EU citizens from at least 7 out of the 28 member states)  
My life has been on hold since June 2016. Stopped writing & am campaigning against #Brexit with all I got. #StopBrexit next: Look out for @EUflagmafia @No10Vigil at Conferences & on 7 October @wooferendum when dogs show how barking mad #Brexit is. Finally 20 Oct HUGE march #FBPE 
The travel industry has warned that Brexit could disrupt business and stunt growth, as Ryanair told investors it may have to temporarily relocate to navigate the chaos.Brexit is badly off course, it's time for the people to decide the final destination. 
Michael Cohen's lawyer says that he will be spilling *all* the beans on Donald Trump, including his knowledge of collusion with Russia. And it's a hill of beans.Sooner or later, the full truth about Trump's pals the #Brexit crooks will also be emerging. 
Doesn't that look wonderfulTime for a change& change is coming#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DessolveTheUnion 
The Tories are in serious trouble if they don't deliver a proper Brexit, they are already losing members & now rely on the dead to raise most of their funds..  
These #Brexit ‘Don’t Panic’ Memos from Ministers telling everyone to brace themselves for self-inflicted damage....How about instead we let the public have a #PeoplesVote final say on this? And if we want to call off this whole mess, we can do so. Nothing is irreversible yet! 
As a EU citizen, I don't want to live in a Scotland tied to Brexit Britain. I want to live and work and love in an Independent Scotland, where we are governed by those we actually elect, and are part of a family of European nations that thrives in our shared ambitions. #indyref2 
Do you believe Britain will be better off outside the EU? Jeremy Corbyn asked same Brexit question SIX times by reporter  #brexit #JeremyCorbyn RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
‘Free movement should continue for two years after Brexit’ warns thinktank, to allow Brits a more reasonable timeframe in which to escape. 
.@thomasbrake has claimed the no-deal #brexit papers are a desperate attempt to sell the failed Cheqeurs plan. He said: "The choice between a catastrophic Brexit no-deal and the rejected Chequers plan is no choice at all." #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
To offer a different view to some narratives out there: I've found independence supporters some of my most ardent supporters & allies as a EU migrant since #Brexit referendum. It is not true that they don't care; Indy Scot would benefit all citizens here more than a #PeoplesVote. 
Meet the kid who thinks that because he changed his mind on Brexit, the entire country should have another referendum.  
With 'GERS' figures like these I think Scotland should be like Captain Oates in the Antarctic and leave the Union in order to save Westminster. Along with Brexit,  the timing offers a great opportunity for England (and  rUK)) to regain her Global  Greatness 
"BREXIT FOOD SHORTAGES AN OPPORTUNITY FOR THE POOR TO DIET, SAYS DOMINIC RAAB"The #NastyParty are not even trying to hide how nasty they really are anymore, they simply don't care because they're convinced enough serfs will vote for them no matter what!Vile Tory creatures! 
BREXIT LIVE: Brussels fires angry warning to UK over market access - NO special treatment  
Sick and tired of hearing that #peoplesvote is undemocratic. There was an advisory referendum and the govt listened and has been working on a deal. The public being asked what it thinks of the deal  and whether it still wants to go ahead with #Brexit is the epitome of democracy. 
Fair play No Deal Brexit sounds great so far..Airports are prepping to close for two months.Northern Ireland may be in the darkKent will be a lorry park We will be the only country trading on WTO rulesWe won’t have enough meds or food..This was not on the bus... 
If there is another referendum, I wouldn’t be the least surprised to see Remain crushed by an overwhelming Leave vote. Well above 60% for Leave won’t surprise. 
A load of bikers just stopped at me, took off their helmets, shook out their hair and sang:“AND LIKE A SINNER BEFORE THE GATES OF HEAVENI COME CRAWLING ONBACK TOOOOOYOU”And I said, “Like Brexit”And they nodded, put their helmets on, revved up, and rode off 
Super fun to chat to @Femi_Sorry in studio - working with the @peoplesvote_hq to overturn Brexit. Such a pity your colleague felt the need to storm the studio. Full video to follow @TheRebelTV - it’s quite something!! 
Charlie Mullins(Pimlico Plumbers) - We need a #PeoplesVote... we need to speak up. We won't be leaving the EU as the British people aren't that stupid no more. What bit do the Govt not understand that #brexit is not good for the economy & people.#FBPE @PimlicoPlumbers 
A million times this from ⁦@rafaelbehr⁩ on the Tory delusion brexit rupture somehow heals itself on exiting the EU. In brexit’s end will be strife’s beginning.  
And by the way, there was a very simple answer for Corbyn, which was "we have said we would only support a #Brexit which meets our 6 tests, if not, of course we'll be worse off"But he didn't, because he has absolutely no interest in the 6 tests,No-one other than Starmer does  
All out ferocious attacks on Corbyn and look.. blimp! Hahahahaha!!! FFS!! Get a General Election, before Brexit crash, no time for a second referendum, the only way to stop Brexit, is Get Corbyn!!!  
Worth watching just to see Raab squirming as Barnier lets him know that his Brexit BS cuts no ice outside Brexitania. Enjoy.  
I waited 40years for Referendum 1..Remoaners should now wait 40 years for Referendum 2...only fair...yes? 
The Royal College of Midwives - representing thousands of midwives across the U.K. - is yet another grouping of health professionals working in our NHS which supports a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal! #FFS 
Heating engineer Nick Hart spells out how the shambolic #Brexit talks are stifling investment - and how crashing out would put his 12-person company at risk.  
We know how much @carolecadwalla despises alleged foreign intervention in our democracy. No doubt she’s writing up her report on the Iranian influence on Brexit as we speak... 
I think this is spot on. Whether you voted Brexit or Remain the most likely deal is not the one most people want.  
"We're not impressed by UK’s no-deal Brexit blame game" says Michel Barnier  
My constituency voted 58% for Leave in the EU referendum. Cllr Peter Smith is a Labour #Crawley Council Cabinet member and it’s his local party’s official policy to deny people’s Brexit decision. That’s shamefully anti-democratic.  
So it is right that D. Raab has said that EU citizens would not be "turfed out" (though the language is hardly appropriate), but that is not the point. For EU27 citizens, Brexit affects so many aspects of things in life everyone worries about (job, family, finances, future). /8 
In so many ways, citizens' rights reflect the reality of Brexit: extracting the UK from 40+ years of integration without a plan. People have made lives in this country, and vice versa, and we have only begun to scratch the surface of the issues that might be faced. /6 
People across the country are demanding the final say on Brexit and the opportunity to stay in the EU. Join them today - add your name:  
Galloway nails it. Replace some of the names and the terms and he would be describing the US to a T. Trump is America's Brexit. He holds the US elite in a headlock. They hate him because he can call on the wrath of the people who have had enough of shite.  
Stories about electricity in N Ireland post Brexit should be kept in context. The all-island energy market is one of the great North/South successes that all sides are determined to protect. EU 27 & UK are working to negotiate a sensible Brexit. That’s where focus should be. 
UK borrowing is falling because project fear was a load of scaremongering rubbish designed to frighten voters.  The truth is Brexit is already helping the economy as investors prefer the UK to the EU.. 
Leave voters aren't scared of change, they're sick of change being something that is done to them. This is why scare stories about a No Deal Brexit won't work: voters are willing to take a risk on something new, writes @Phil_Mullan 
A Second Referendum would cause huge outrage up and down the country. 
.@Nigel_Farage answers @doctor_oxford’s request to debate NHS & Brexit in his usual manner: dismissing facts, talking gibberish and ignoring the very real dangers that Brexit poses.He pretends that if all wave Union Jacks and sing Rule Britannia loudly, everything will be fine.  
Scotland's budget gap falls, Sturgeon warns of Brexit danger  
Remember the #Remain campaign - led by unenthusiastic European Cameron, and career-long Brexiter Corbyn, and packed with 'Remainers' like Theresa May, who've effortlessly converted into zealous Brexiters. It's amazing that Remain nearly won! #StopBrexit #Brexit. 
If @theSNP, @LibDems & @RBXGreens were to come together, would you support them?If there was a UK General Election today, who would get your vote?Please RT for more replies#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Dear Barry Gardiner, You're completely wrong about Leavers. 84% think Brexit is a mess, 27% want a People's Vote. Best, Leave Voter - @Will_DryOFOCP.s don't make excuses for "socially disruptive" behaviours. 
. @OwenSmith was sacked for calling for a #PeoplesVote. Will @BarryGardiner be sacked for brandishing the threat of violent disorder as a means of denying the people a democratic #FinalSay? #Brexit 
So the #Referendum train, being driven very badly by @Conservatives  has left the station and is now out of control at high speedAnd all the the #FBPE and  MSM ask @jeremycorbyn "Will you jump in front of that train in a pointless bid to stop it?"@UKLabour 
"November is a referendum on impeachment," says one-time Trump strategist Steve Bannon  
I have yet to see your post brexit strategies for Scotland.Could you tell us when they will be published?Thanks. 
Facebook shuts down fake pro-Corbyn and anti-Brexit accounts linked to Iran 
We wouldn't give away our oil or our whisky - so why continue to surrender our fish stocks? Grateful for the chance to press the point with top Brexit decision maker @cabinetofficeuk @DLidington 
#Brexit:1 Lie, cheat & break the law2 Respect a vote achieved by lying, cheating & breaking the law3 Deny the people the right to change their minds even when the evidence is clear that Brexit is going to harm the country & all but a few of its citizens4 Brexit, duck & cover 
The emerging evidence of the horrendous harm which will be done by brexit should be what is concentrating the mind of @UKLabour and Jeremy Corbyn not a referendum won by a campaign run by liars and cheats #PeoplesVote 
*pauses from holiday* Did I get this right? @BarryGardiner said that though Brexit was shit we couldn’t have another vote because otherwise fascists would bring violence to the streets? Sounds fine. *goes back on holiday* 
A study from BMG for the Independent has found the percentage of the public who now back a vote on any deal made between the UK and EU has increased from 44% to 48%. As more and more agree, it seems only fair that people should have a final say on any #Brexit deal. #fbpe 
Businesses have been scared to explain the truth about Brexit fearing boycott campaigns by Brextremists ; another reason the general public have not been getting the facts (plus of course, the failure of the Government and @UKLabour & MSM to do their jobs - ie tell it like it is. 
WATCH: Last Saturday we were in Edinburgh at our #PeoplesVoteScot rally. Over a thousand supporters turned out to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.  
The Tory Party with the help of Corbyn has brought this country down onto its knees. That proud British thing has gone forever. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
The Government’s mishandling of Brexit talks means we are facing a possible no-deal situation, where people’s jobs, our economy & the country’s future prosperity could be put at risk.In London, we’re helping businesses plan for this worst-case scenario. 
Crack the Brexit puzzle yourself. Seriously. There's a game  for that  
A new survey shows: a whopping 74% of Swiss people would vote in favor of the Swiss Responsible Business Initiative (mandatory HR due diligence rules), if the referendum took place today! Ready for the showdown! @konzern_vi @ini_multi #kovi #bizhumanrights 
UNITED NATION must rise up against the inhuman been carried out against the people of BIAFRA. The people of BIAFRA have the right to live and right to self determination. Donald J Trump all world leaders Supportbiafra referendum.  
'Economic Genocide' of the Greek Nation  #Greece #EU #Brexit  
Dogs are demanding a Wooferendum to stop Brexit. Join us and together let’s make the biggest bark in history. #stopbrexit #wooferendum 
Stop talking the country down, Heather.  After Brexit we'll all sprout wings & will be able to fly to Europe independently, without needing to worry about EASA or those silly EUSSR regulations...  
Good morning at @MartinKennedyVP Lurgan Farm with @PeteWishart & Highland Perthshire members - discussing priorities of hill livestock sector - environmental management, glyphosate, Brexit & future trade and support. Thanks all! @NFUStweets 
“Quietly somewhere there was a coup d’etat going on” @cmackinlay to the Brexit Select CommitteeThe whole British public has been misled. The #ChequersPlan simply doesn’t deliver #BrexitWould you be willing to support our campaign, Craig and pledge to #StandUp4Brexit? 
A dozen Labour MPs likely to quit after Brexit, says @stephenkb 
Corbyn is shamelessly lying when he claims a Labour government would ensure living standards are not damaged by #Brexit. And if he fails to sack Gardiner we'll know he's set on denying the British people a democratic #PeoplesVote. #StopBrexit 
Nigel Farage is the Brexit emperor with no clothes. He’s had years to offer his detailed vision for Brexit. But there’s nothing. All he offers is empty divide and rule rhetoric.@hugorifkind succinctly debunks the shameful “tub-thumping simplicities” of Nigel Farage. 
Spot on! Good news? "We haven't left yet!" Bad news? "Bloody Brexit!"The establishment elite are furious with the people for daring to vote the wrong way. They're determined to overturn the result. Do not let them! Support us at  
It's Happy Gers DayA day when a proportion of the country fantasize about the impending doom that awaits Scotland being Indy Whilst totally ignoring the fact we're in a Union atm, facing forced austerity and a catastrophic Brexit 
All those people who tell you Brexit is a Tory mess & Cameron is to blame. Corbyn, McDonnell and Hoey voted for an EU ref in 2011, long before Cameron proposed it. 
Social unrest for one reason or another has been almost inevitable since the referendum result. The question is whether we want it by itself or with added food shortages. 
Tories trying to hide full extent of Brexit disaster - @M_AndersonSF 
And why did he defy the Labour Whip in 2011 and vote with Kate Hoey for an EU referendum.  
Easy question for Corbyn or anyone else out there - How will brexit benefit the British people?We all know the answer. It won't. And we know that according to the governments own assessments and from many experts. Brexitears - Ignore them at your peril. Remainers - resist X 
As UK prepares no-deal #Brexit papers, reminder that EU has addressed some #environmental topics in a #nodeal scenarioUK will not be able to certify EU #Ecolabel #Waste export to UK prohibited Others here  pic.twitter.com/lW7IvItmiB 
BBC Bristol presenter sacked for running against Jacob Rees-Mogg#BBC said “Impartiality is at the heart of our journalism."unless it's on #Brexit and we don't want to upset Jacob.#BBCBias #BBCswitchoff 
Rather like your policy on stopping Brexit, Keir  
I voted the same on both! Brexit will destroy the tories, Jc has done the right think and left them to it. If he opposed it he would lose a lot of votes. To be honest, I’m more concerned with day to day life and making it through 
We're looking for photography graduates and students who are or have made work around Brexit for a new project! Please email us with links, ideas, or suggestions. All welcome! photogradsub@gmail.com 
Brexit impact papers will consist of six letters, the first two being Oh 
Brexit won't just impact Brits on the UK mainland. Citizens of British overseas territories like #Anguilla didn't even get a vote, and are now calling for full independence from Britain. 
I can now confirm that Drag Race UK is happening. This video reveals ALL the details and is 100% accurate!  Thank you @theresa_may for being a guest judge in the Brexit Ball episode.  
The theme of a second Brexit referendum would not be Europe - but democracy. It's the last thing the EU needs.  
Care workers provide vital support to the elderly and disabled, but the UK will face a shortage of almost 400,000 after Brexit according to new analysis from Global Future.The government must sit up and take notice. Spread the word. 
Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a Brexit deal  
The head of London's leading plumbing company told Ian Collins that he believes Brexit won't happen because the UK will come to its senses.  
Corbyn's response to the Channel 4 News reporter about Brexit is incredibly annoying, but he's a politician and he's only doing what politicians do. Which is, uh, incredibly annoying. 
Sterling falls from 12-day high as Brexit risks return  
"Good-quality trade deals require time and clout. The desperation to prove Brexit is a success means ministers will be tempted to bash out deals which ride roughshod over values."  
A second referendum = a coup?!!Extreme language is increasingly infusing British politics (and language=reality as any Foucauldian knows)  
The assumption that Remainers will just vote Labour after Brexit and it’s Leave voters they need to convince to win is a enormous tactical error in my view.They have no idea how furious Remainers will be. 
"Stockpiling is not a plan": Activist stunt shames government over hard Brexit risk to NHS  
‘If you are guided by opinion polls, you are not practising leadership, you are practising followership.’ For once I agree with Thatcher. We need a people’s vote because it is right, not because of polls. The people didn’t - & could’t - know the terms of Brexit in 2016 
I support Scottish Independence, I am against Brexit and would love to see a Labour Government under Jeremy Corbyn, all we have to do is bring down the Tories.. seriously FFS!! What is actually stopping us? 
Fears shell #Fisheries 'will not survive' a no-deal #Brexit 
Wetherspoon Chief Hits Back At Claims No-Deal Brexit Would Increase Prices  
Guess what, the Sun’s poll doesn’t quite say what they said it said. By a 44%-30% margin, voters agree that “Brexit is an historic mistake and only now are people realising it”. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Calling on #FBPE attending #PeoplesVoteMarch on 20th October !Would you be willing 2 bring an item of food/toiletries to highlight the Governments stock pile of food for Brexit!The items will be piled together at the start of the route & donated to Food Banks afterwards 
Paris always had an incredibly problematic posture twds the Balkans. But it’s US’ shifting commitments that are making Vucic’s adventurism plausible. And another reason why Brexit is such a debacle for the Balkans. The UK was a key ally & proponent of credible policy. Now gone.  
Dear P.M. 'Sharia' May....I know you're busy picking a fight with Russia and America, Visiting Mosques, Housing returning Jihadi terrorists and directing a pantomime about fake nerve agent attacks but I just wondered.....Any news on BREXIT??!#ticktock 
BREAKING NEWS The all Ireland electricity industry is underpinned by EU lawAs a net importer the north will be left in chaos post-BrexitDraft contingency plans R being withheld by Brit. Gov as it does not want 2 reveal “not enough generators in the world for what is needed”  
Phil, Corbyn campaigned hard for Remain (although his enemies lie about this). He has said if there were a 2nd vote, he’d vote Remain.He respects Ref result but he & Starmer have opposed Tory Brexit.He has not ruled out a 2nd ref - and is best hope of getting one. @PhilC273 
The conclusion that anyone who’s silent on “what to do about N Ireland” is “not taking Brexit seriously” is spot on. Govt must be honest -  “no deal” is not an option & PM must see off the Hard Brexiteers  
Better to respect a referendum vote obtained by cheating and breaking the law,Better that the many suffer than the few. Better to avoid civil unrest from the few rather than the inevitable many. This is @UKLabour party policy under @jeremycorbyn 
The fact that we're still, 2 yrs on, having a debate about what brexit means...... kinda proves that nobody knows what brexit means. 
C4: Is Brexit gonna be brilliant?JC: The negotiations under way we need to focus on protecting industry.C4: I'm not interested in the details. Brilliant or not?JC: (calmly) Jobs and industry are our focus.App: Gimme something to spin dammit!JC: Jobs. Industry. Got it? 
People's Vote campaign accused of 'extending project fear' over Brexit figures 
Furious Fox tells businesses to stop going on about Brexit  
Keep calm and bury your head in the sand The Department for Exiting The EU issues advice on dealing with #Brexit Anxiety Disorder  
"If a new referendum is agreed by MPs then all UK citizens should have a right to vote on their future whether they live in Bradford, Benidorm or Bergerac."  
It is not.  The referendum was literally,  legally advisory. There is no lethal mandate to implement it in any case, but especially if implementing it will be catastrophic act of self harm,  the responsible, grown up, thing for a govt to do is say: here ous what we can get you.. 
More from our #HealthierIN Brexit watch:"Had to urgently see a doctor when I fell ill in Bulgaria. I pulled out the EHIC card and saw someone within minutes. Completely free. It saved me."Share your story here  
“We are living through Project Fear The Sequel. Elitist Remainers are using hair-raising scare stories about a No Deal Brexit to try to beat down the electorate and make us accept a Brexit that is so soft that it is really just Remain.”Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
Rees-Mogg cheering on Barry Gardiner. Both want to deny the British people a democratic vote on the #Brexit outcome. They are fake democrats who don't want the British people to be allowed to judge on the basis of better information. #PeoplesVote(graphic via @HereBeProof) 
As someone who has been making Brexit/Obamacare parallels for a good few years (highly technically complex issue subject to simplistic but powerful partisan polarisation) I very much endorse this thread  
Public debate about the consequences of a 'no deal' Brexit has so far concentrated on important day-to-day issues.But what are the big-picture ramifications of crashing out without a deal?  
We must not allow the Remainers to betray the people, says @KateHoeyMP"We can no longer trust the Government to deliver the result of the referendum. It is time for all those who voted Leave to speak out and make their voice heard."#StandUp4Brexit 
Brexit was expected to deal a blow to London’s lead in global finance. So why are forex trading volumes up in Britain? @reuterstommy explains for @ReutersTV  
If that 'next leader' doesn't get a move on, it'll be too late for them to define Brexit. May will have given up our assets, signed away our cash & subjugated the UK to the EU in the guise of an 'implementation period' where we can't implement new trade deals. 
Why isn't @georgegalloway in Parliament??Brexit now holds Britain in a headlock – George Galloway  
Hi @BarryGardinerIs this the kind of person you don’t want to upset by having a referendum on the Brexit deal?Yeah, you’re right. Bless little fascist thugs. Let’s all hug a Nazi.  
We need you to join us for our Summer Campaign - are you ready to fight back against Brexit?Here are 3 ways you can join the fight against Brexit this summer: 
Excellent first meeting between @VP Pence & Sec @Jeremy_Hunt - they reaffirmed their commitment to pursue a U.S.-UK bilateral trade deal post #Brexit.  
This is Cassie, our beautiful pet, a black & white pitbull mix. Heartbreakingly she was put down today. She led a good life but unfortunately my all consuming commitment to fighting brexit has meant I no longer have time for a dog. Blame for this tragedy lies with Jeremy Corbyn.  
This is a misnomer. Stopping Brexit is the ONLY way to bring down the Tories.It's their last remaining shield after a decade of mismanagement.This is clear to everyone but the Labour Party.  
You can't argue with Brexit's efficacy in highlighting which people in public life are absolutely deranged and, when you get right down to it, thick as mince.  
1/ There are shell games being played rhetorically around the potential trade benefits of Brexit resulting in leaving a Customs Union with the EU. I wanted to dig into some of them. I fear this will be a long and wonky thread. I'll do my best to keep things accessible.  
No, campaigning for a referendum is not "qualitatively the same" as campaigning for a military coup. That this needs saying is a mark of how childishly debased (and irresponsible) our public debate has become.  
Brexit is much easier said than done. Play this game and pick your own outcome  
Step aside Fortnite, the game of year (featuring yours truly) has arrived:Pick your own Brexit -  
Can the question at the next EU Referendum be: “Do you want to disrupt delivery of food and medicines and create chaos at UK ports and on the M2 and M20?” Yes/No 
Still can’t believe there are people who think Corbyn is playing the long game with Brexit. Were he not implacably opposed to the SM Labour could be backing EEA right now. 
God- just spent an hour of my life (that I'll never get back), playing the Let's blame Corbyn for Brexit  game. Not playing any more. I'd  rather pull out my eyelashes one by one, than become involved in another one of these conversations. I voted remain. I trust Labour. The end. 
'@Nigel_Farage: “We had the people’s vote, and to even attempt to frame a second referendum…it’s not the people’s vote, it’s the George Soros vote!”  
Here's #DiEM25 co-founder, @yanisvaroufakis, with @jeremycorbyn, leader of @UKLabour, at the Edinburgh Book Festival on Monday night. A transnational alliance of progressives across #Europe and beyond is essential. We at @DiEM_25 are working tirelessly to bring it about. #Brexit  
I have an idea for electricity generation in Northern Ireland if there is a No Deal Brexit. Yes, it'll be tough for the first fifty years or so, as Mr Rees-Mogg said, but we must respect the will of the people  
The clock is ticking. How far would you go for a Brexit deal at any cost? Play through the various scenarios in our new game  
It's clear the people of Wales have no faith in this Westminster government to win a good Brexit deal.  
A fundamental question to establish whether something is democratic is this: how can it be overturned? A referendum can be irreversible or democratic. It cannot be both. 
The result of the 1975 referendum was implemented, Michael. Once the result of the 2016 one is implemented then pro-EU people will be fully entitled to campaign for a referendum on rejoining. 
Rod McKenzie(Road Haulage Association) - Business needs certainty.. but what we're seeing is a lot of MPs arguing amongst themselves & that needs to stop & they need to grow up.. the lack of #brexit arrangements is frankly embarrassing.. livelihoods are on the line.#peoplesvote 
NHS chiefs have been ambushed with a #Brexit 'stockpile' of food and medicine - here's why  
The Government’s mishandling of Brexit talks means we are facing a possible no-deal situation, where people’s jobs, our economy and the country’s future prosperity could be put at risk.In London, we’re helping businesses plan for this worst-case scenario.  
I love how the #FBPE brigade are only just now waking up to the fact that Corbyn is pro brexit.He used you all! Fair play to him, it worked a treat. 
Congratulations Barry, you have become the latest useful idiot to be paraded by the far right of the #Tory party.....#BrexitScam 
EU citizens! I can give you a sneak preview of the form for the second EU referendum. Never fear, democracy is safe with us. Far-right populism will never win. #PeoplesVote 
We are heading towards the unmitigated disaster of Brexit and the main attribute of Teresa May is she’s not Jeremy Corbyn, and the main attribute of Jeremy Corbyn is he’s not Teresa May. 
Barnier warns of #Brexit delays and the UK government goes into a panicNot the calm, assured leadership that we needAnd any further transition period is a definite No No!#StandUp4Brexit 
But that wasn’t the referendum result, Badger . Brexit campaign was all over the place about Brexit options and even denounced Remain for warning it would mean leaving SM/CU etc. Have you forgotten “Project Fear,” a line you borrowed from the SNP ? 
44% of Brits say Brexit is “an historic mistake” in Sun poll (but you’ll have to look hard in the paper to spot it).How Britain’s best-selling newspaper covered up its own huge finding  
You think the UK is divided over Brexit? t’s nothing compared to the US and race. This is a Democrat taking on Ted Cruz in Texas, being asked a seemingly impossible question about NFL players taking the knee. Compare his answer to Corbyn’s in the channel 4 interview.  
But Brexits lost the first referendum ( back in. 1975) by ratio of 2-1 and never ceased to campaign for second one, as they were entitled to. No one threw the tyrannical “democratic will of the people” trope at them 
Y'know why Farage claims to be skint? It's because he knows everybody is & will be worse off after brexit. It's all part of a false persona. He wants you to think you're in it together."Skint" Nigel Farage Is Actually The Sixth-Highest Earning MEP  
And the only people who don't want one are those who are content to have any kind of Brexit - no matter how damaging - won by law breaking and industrial-scale lies.Do you support lawbreaking? 
Asked about the prospect of a no-deal Brexit, the Labour leader continued: “It would be completely unacceptable.' 
Only one of the three Conservative Mayoral candidates backed Theresa May's controversial immigration target post-Brexit. #LBCMayoralDebate  
As a democrat you should not respect the outcome of a process undermined by proven illegal campaigning, a false prospectus and foreign interference.The #PeoplesVote  is not a second referendum but a first one based on reality.  
The EU’s financial services chief has warned that Brussels will be strict in policing Britain’s rights of access to the bloc’s market after Brexit  
From AI to Brexit, we pay far too much attention to the prophets of the apocalypse  
The Tories are planning to change their own rules to get this fake put into Downing Street. The man who wants power at any cost. He has already cost the country Billions and he doesn’t care. The British Trump. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Nigel Farage announced he's back to "relaunch" the Brexit campaign. I wrote about how it never really stopped:  
BREXIT GLOOM: NHS chiefs ambushed with massive 'Brexit stockpile' on their own doorstep / #Brexit #NHS #PeoplesVote 
But if the people's opinion hasn't changed then the result will be the same thus confirming that it is the people's opinion.The only people who don't want a second referendum are those who are scared the people have changed their minds. 
On holiday, comparing how much attention is paid to the illegal financing of the Trump campaign and how little to the illegal financing of the Brexit campaign 
Not too sure about the picture of me but we need a @conservative grassroots revolution of the membership against the leadership to deliver the Brexit people voted for! We know a thing or two about campaigns @NadineDorries @Michael_Heaver 
I am not part of a "coordinated campaign" or a member of any political party. I am just a British voter desperate to have an opposition leader competent enough to oust this vicious, destructive government and halt the catastrophe of Brexit.  
"There are clearly so many possible versions of Brexit. After 2+ years of us all talking & thinking about it, I can‘t imagine why anyone wouldn’t want to have a say on the final deal.”Fresh calls from travel industry bosses for a final say on Brexit  
Even the Express has to admit it. A no-deal #Brexit would destroy our fishing industry within 4 weeks.  #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
If anything else is needed to confirm that you are on the wrong side @BarryGardiner this tweet should be it. Labour should be straining every political sinew it has to oppose Brexit. Anything else is supporting a extreme right wing political coup.  
My family and I all voted to leave the EU, all of us now deeply regret voting this way. The facts are clear we will be WORSE off outside the EU. Government needs to hold a #PeoplesVote on any potential deal, to see if it is the will of the PEOPLE to proceed with Brexit 
Think #Brexit is going to be great? Check if you can book a Ryanair flight from the UK next April. Go on.#ProjectSuicide 
From the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.This has aged well  
Did you #StandUp4Brexit @DominicRaab or did you discuss the #ChequersPlan farce which is nowhere near the #Brexit that we were promised?  
Holding second #Brexit referendum could spark civil unrest because voters will feel betrayed, warns shadow trade secretary Barry Gardiner  
It’s GERS day. Data is poor and used by unionists to show independent Scotland as mini-me of UK inc all its disastrous economic decisions - see austerity and Brexit.@RichardJMurphy 
Anyone who answers ‘Bring down the Tories’ needs their head examining.Governments can be voted out after five years. The devastation from Brexit will last for generations. To prioritise short-term political goals over saving a nation’s long-term prosperity is utterly absurd.  
This summer, the pressure on Theresa May to define Brexit became immense:  
Our petition demanding a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal now has 700,000 signatures. Add yours here  
People who push for a general election as if that will solve Brexit. Yer man has pledged to Brexit, to end FoM, and not to hold a People’s Vote.So tell me again how this helps.. 
Now that everyone can see #Brexit is a cock-up, and people have been equipped with the facts, Theresa May must get a grip and rebuild trust in her Government. The best way to do this is to start acting like a public servant, not a dictator!#PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/CS6AkwgCKj 
There’s a purposeful strategy here from Labour.Evade and ignore Brexit Wait for Brexit to occur and hope it’s an economic disasterBlame the Tories. Pretend it’s nothing to do with Labour. Get Brexit by default.  
EU member’s stance on Britain’s core Brexit negotiating issues:- Hardcore: - Hard: - Soft: - Ally: No oneVia @TheEconomist pic.twitter.com/XP766fWyWX 
The Conservative government have made no attempt to persuade Remainers of the benefits of Brexit. What are they? Why should we "all unite" around something disastrous for the country? Or around an advisory referendum whose result was contaminated by illegal campaigning?  
Conservative MP and Boris Johnson supporter calls for new Brexit-backing members to join party  
The pound finds itself at the bottom of 150 currencies   via @markets #brexit Aren't the Tories brilliant with money  
BREXIT LIVE: UK in emergency talks as Barnier says Brexit could be DELAYED.  Oh fancy that, they've found another way to keep us in the EU.  
An excellent, clear, evidence based explanation of how Brexit will mess up our medicines supply.   
Whatever anyone's previous position, we must all unite around delivering referendum result: Brexit in full, leaving the Single Market, Customs Union & ECJ. As @GregHands says, "EFTA and/or the EEA or an EFTA-type arrangement...would not be Brexit at all."  
Imagine having no faith in politics for years, voting in the EU Referendum because you thought that vote would mean something, and then being told by smug MPs and pundits in London that the notion of living in a democratic country is extreme and undeliverable. 
.   He seemed like a good antidote to the hard Tories when he first became leader but he has let us all down by aiding Brexit. Hugely disappointing.   
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg Vote Leave Lied.LeaveEU lied.Vote Leave broke the law. The Leave campaigns overspent by 10%+ to get a 2% vote swing.LeaveEU leaders TOLD a Select Committee that they lied. If you think that's OK you don't believe in 'democracy' you just "believe in Brexit"  
On a positive note, at least Brexit will help to rid the U.K. of a few traitorous insulting little gobshite’s.  
WATCH: "This isn't the #Brexit you voted for" says @MitchBenn. Throughout August we've shared videos from @RemainerNow who support a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Send us your videos if you are a #RemainerNow 
Government borrowing is falling so fast that economists reckon the Chancellor won’t have to raise taxes to pay for extra NHS dosh.I seem to remember a certain former Chancellor warning that Brexit would mean £30bn of increased taxes and spending cuts. #WrongThenWrongNow 
Seems apparent Britain’s fannying around tactic in the Brexit negotiations is on course for the long predicted trying to blame the EU for a no deal outcome.Thankfully, the EU know exactly what this shower is doing - and still continue to be good neighbours about it. 
A guilty party on his way to prison for campaign fraud in the USA. Police investigations underway in the UK into fraudulent #Brexit referendum scams.  Belmarsh beckons? #fbpe 
As hard Brexit unfolds more Tories are prepared to speak out and MPs come to mind like @DrPhillipLeeMP @JustineGreening @Anna_Soubry @NickyMorgan01 Dominic Grieve, Ken Clarke, @S_Hammond etc 
The narrative that Kenny was completely different to Varadkar on Brexit, and the latter has shafted UK is - yet another - failure to understand Irish politics. Difference is overwhelmingly one of tone not content. Kenny would have said same but smiled and gripped May’s paw more  
I’m with you there. I voted for him and thought he was way too principled to allow brexit to happen. But I was wrong, and in fact, he didn’t even leap on the electoral law breaking. At that point I ask myself where his principles really are. I don’t trust him now. 
The “EFTA option” would fail to deliver Brexit and make us a permanent rule-taker from Brussels   
The clock is ticking. How far would you go for a Brexit deal at any cost? Play through the various scenarios in our new game  
2 years ago I was pretty neutral about Brexit... but the more I've learned about how the corrupt Eu operate I've come to despise it.... and I equally  despise our own self-serving weak, spineless politicians... I'll be massively disappointed if we don't leave & go to WTO... 
We do NOT want a #Labour government shackled by #Brexit, which will make #austerity look like a picnic. We do NOT want Labout to be left with this poison chalice.Why don't the people who run this Party get that?  Why can't they explain this to their Heartland ? Why?#LabourVoter 
Dear Yanis @yanisvaroufakis. As a Democrat how can you respect a verdict obtained by cheating & breaking the law? I think to force an advisory referendum on the British people that will make them poorer is politically indefensible & logically incoherent.  
You may find some context helpful. Labour held a photo call to show Corbyn ready for govt in event Brexit topples PM. Whether he believes we would be better off under a Brexit he would deliver is surely a key question, especially when you’re told you can only ask one question. 
EU citizens! Millions of people are fleeing the far-right UK. Such is the scale of this modern day exodus that #Brexit Britain only had +282,000 in net migration last year. Jack booted Nazis strolling down the highstreet have caused mass panic. Who will be left to pick the fruit?  
All of that is true but it is also all unachievable in a UK trashed by Brexit. Jeremy Corbyn is a good man with good ideas but unless we stop Brexit they are all unachievable.I wish Jeremy would change tune but, sadly, it seems he won’t. 
Nobody voted for Brexit to become poorer, or to harm the NHS. But that's exactly what the Conservative's version of Brexit is leading to.Join the People's Vote rally in Newcastle this Saturday to demand a say on the final deal with the EU.  #PeoplesVote 
Oh good. The government’s plans for a no-deal Brexit in Northern Ireland are so “incendiary” that they can’t even publish them. This is fine. Via @thetimes 
Our Future, Our Choice are demonstrating outside the Department of Health and Social Care following claims that the NHS is unprepared for no-deal Brexit. Is this just scaremongering? Watch ▼@joncraig | @janem | @Femi_Sorry | @OFOCBrexit |  
Really good breakdown of the threats of no deal Brexit from @tpgcolson. But we can reject false choice of no deal or Theresa May's botched Brexit, and instead choose #PeoplesVote. 
Interesting to see that Sarah Bardon, who wrote many of the Irish Times fact-checks of pro-life stats during the referendum, has left the Irish Times, deleted her Twitter account, and gone to work for Simon Harris as a spin doctor. 
Stopping #Brexit is more urgent for me. We can bring down the Tories later. If Brexit happens, it will take a generation or two (or three) to fix. 
Very disappointed that as evidenced by his latest article @GregHands has gone into full-on disregard the facts mode on Brexit and trade, influenced I suspect by those at the IEA who have different approaches on trade to most specialists 1/  
& it’s why I support giving the British public the final say on the Government’s Brexit deal via a #PeoplesVote. @peoplesvote_uk 
Ten pages worth reading on #brexit from ⁦@AndrewDuffEU⁩  - Shorter: Chequers lives, even FCA too, but will need more ECJ oversight. “Trust us” won’t fly. EU will extend transition but not A50. U.K. rejection = no deal. Rather glosses over Irish Q.   
heard and read as a member of @Commonshealth about the impact Brexit will have on our NHS, I am very clear that Britain will not be better off outside the EU under Theresa May’s plan which is a far cry from the fancy promises made during the referendum campaign. /2 
Having seen the benefit being in the EU has brought to Liverpool, having listened to many people who run local businesses about the negative impact Brexit is already having on their ability to thrive/provide employment, & having considered a lot of evidence including what I /1 
Nobel Prize Winner @sirfrasersaysexplains how diverse research teams empowered his lab, and warns of the dangers of #Brexit.#peoplesvote 
Hey, @BBCr4today - good coverage of the Manafort & Cohen cases in the US.Shame you seem to see the extensive criminality around the #Brexit referendum as so much less important to your listeners.#r4today @MollyMEP 
"The alternative pathways to #Brexit: @theresa_may's #Chequers deal Vs the Canada Plus option."You see, there is another way. Why is it not being followed? #StandUp4Brexit 
Once again Corbyn is shamelessly lying that there can be a #Brexit that won't damage living standards. And we have to ask why he's united with the Tories in wanting to deny the British people a democratic vote on the Brexit outcome.  #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Spending time with @Femi_Sorry today as he campaigns for a 2nd vote on Brexit. To see our interview in full, sign up  
Brexit and the NHS. Just the Facts. Part 1: Medicines. What impact will a No Deal scenario have on the supply of medicine in the NHS?  
It's ironic that with regard to #Brexit the Labour Party cannot acknowledge the basic truth that just because a lot of people voted for something that doesn't make it a good thing. It has a shining example of the same problem as its leader. 
Roy Jenkins, my mentor, said to me: ‘on big issues always do the right thing. Don’t worry about party loyalty. If it’s right, the party will get there too & your job is to lead’That’s how he legalised abortion & homosexuality. He would have fought Brexit without compromise 
Dozens of BBC has-beens trying to Stop Brexit.This is NO COINCIDENCE.Supporting the EU had been a condition of employment at the BBC for more than 30 years.  
7/7 if we carry on it will be generations before we recover to where we were before the referendum.  All the signs, ALL THE SIGNS are that Brexit is damaging the UK, as promised by the Remain in the EU campaigns, this isn't Project fear.... its the REALITY of Brexit. 
4/ over a hundred thousand jobs have already been lost in just the last two years, our currency was the worst performing on the entire planet in the year after the referendum, even the Guatamalan Quetzal performed better than the GBP, the cost of living has increased and many 
"Project Fear didn't happen"   So sayeth the Brexiteers.  Let's look at what happened after the referendum?   The day after the ref, the Governor of the Bank of England pumped billions of £££s into the economy to avert immediate disaster, then the BoE then gave permission to UK  
Brexit Britain reports largest budget surplus in 18 years despite Treasury's Project Fear forecasts  
Half of the UK's trade is with countries outside of the EU's orbit. Nations have been trading with one another for centuries without trade deals. The fearmongering about No Deal is just another attempt to browbeat Brexit voters, says @Phil_Mullan 
Labour has proposed not one viable alternative to Tory Brexit. It doesn't want a better Brexit; it wants to pin a bad Brexit on the Tories.Damn those who will lose their jobs. And damn the austerity it will cause.This is why you should be furious with the so-called Opposition  
EU citizens will not be turfed out, says D. Raab.Grand.However, what rights will we have if there is a no deal Brexit?Also, who would put their trust in the climate of hostility home office? 
So I refuse to be emotionally blackmailed on that... what about what the whole country wants?We should always go forward as a country democratically renewing our vision of where the country needs to go now.If the public choice is to ditch Brexit, who is to stop them? 
And by pushing ahead with #Brexit the government are delivering Putin a massive victory in his hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy.Why should we not say this is treason!#BrexitBetraysBritain#PeoplesVote #brexit  
Rahul Gandhi has been invited by Great Britain to resolve the deadlock over Brexit negotiations. This is how seriously the world takes Rahul Gandhi ji and his inputs. 
Question what would you prefer..1. Bring down the Tories2. Stop Brexit 
No-Deal #Brexit plan for NI energy:“so “incendiary” that Mr Clark had been instructed to find a way to avoid their publication“When we looked at this we found there weren’t enough readily available generators in the world for what would be needed” 
Anyone seriously think Churchill would have changed his mind in 1940 because there had been a massive referendum majority for appeasement in 1938?But then, unlike @TomTugendhat & his crowd, he wasn’t a #ToryWet 
Farage on government plans to let EU migrants living in the UK remain here if there is No Deal“During the referendum, there were 3.5 million, it’s now 3.8 million, in a couple years time it will be 4.2 million. At what point do we say enough is enough?” 
I joined @UKLabour because we have a leader who believes in fairness/social justice/human rights etc, but I'm very concerned about our #Brexit policy, yes the tories own it, they deserve all that's coming, but Brexit will render the many poorer, i can't support that #PeoplesVote 
Reminder:We voted for 100% Brexit.Not 50% . Not 25% Not 10%But 100% all out clean Brexit. Accept no watered down versions!  
Andrew Neil organised fund raisers for Brexit with Gove.Total busted flush from a credibility point of view. 
Barry Gardiner has said something much worse. By citing the threat of civil disorder as a reason to continue with #Brexit without condemning that threat, he's effectively said that threatening and engaging in violence are legitimate and effective political tactics. 
Would a People’s Vote which saw public opt to ditch Brexit leave many Leavers feeling cheated? Yes — and we mustn’t be flippant about that.But that direction would have had its fair chance (2.5 years) and simply lost the battle in the public mind. 
A glance @ my publication (>1150 articles) list shows that the vast amount (>90%) of my science has been done collaboratively. This practice is the norm today in Chemistry & is a reason why Chemists don’t welcome walls between nations. #Brexit will damage UK science. #Stopbrexit 
This is no longer merely fantasy land nonsense. It’s downright scandalous. Parading round Scotland pretending 2 care about working people & all the time ignoring fact we didn’t vote to leave EU & any kind of Brexit will be harmful. Spin away @scottishlabour - we’re so on to you. 
Call for two years further freedom of movement after Brexit. It would be so much easier to cancel the whole thing!  
Thank you to everyone has bought tickets to the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference. This event is now sold out, but fear not if you couldn’t get a place. We will be taking our debate about Creating a Vision of a New Britain without Brexit well outside the conference hall.  
EXCLUSIVE: “EU’s Dash To Splash The (UK’s) Cash” – Remainer MPs should read this #Brexit summary report:   (All researched from EU Commission data.) 
Andrew Wakefield’s MMR legacy ? Don’t forget the backing he’s had from Brexit tabloids & team Trump   
Furthermore, the notion of a referendum on the deal is not logically indefensible.In fact, for many years Rees-Mogg, John Redwood & even the Vote Leave campaign pushed the idea of a “double referendum” - one to initiate direction, one to pass verdict on any deal negotiated. 
I also am a democrat who respected the result.In my case, that meant writing plans for UK-EU science post-Brexit (published academically & shared with Govt).However, I also always maintained that if public don’t like where Brexit is going, they retain right to pull the plug. 
You might not agree, but you should at least want to debate these issues. So, my offer still stands. Let’s discuss Brexit and the NHS on your @lbc show. No scaremongering, just facts. Proper, courteous, informed debate. Any time. (3/3) 
I’m disappointed but not surprised you do not see the point of debating with someone who actually works in healthcare, Mr Farage.I work on the frontline of the NHS and believe Brexit will - and is already - doing real damage to patients. (2/3) 
Brexit is a symptom, fascism is the disease, and unless we all stand against it will happen. Honest MPs like @DrPhillipLeeMP know this and so do many others, inc. @UKLabour but are too gutless to do anything about it. Many of us deserve much much better of our leaders! 
Leave Means Leave’s website says what Brexit should be like, but it doesn’t say anything about how to achieve it. The only way to fight for real Brexit is to make UKIP an electoral threat again. LML is predominantly made up of Tory MPs who will stay Tories whatever happens. 
Shadow International Trade Secretary, @BarryGardiner has warned that a second referendum on #Brexit would be "very, very damaging" and said that the referendum result must be respected.   
The anti-Corbyn MPs never talk about policy. Their only 'policy' seems to be "waah, stop Brexit!"Their only ammunition is an endless succession of ever-changing and contradictory smears: too nice, ruthless terrorist sympathiser... no charisma, cult leader...It's very boring. 
Get on board @jeremycorbyn we don't want #Brexit We want a #peoplesvote with #Remain as an option. Your members want it and they should make policy 
Travel industry bosses demand progress and a fresh Brexit referendum  
Credit to the interviewer not letting him off the hook here. Political interviews should all be like this. @jeremycorbyn is no different to the Tories on #Brexit and he can’t even be honest about it. No wonder people don’t trust politicians. 
And six times he doesn’t answer the question. Because he isn’t honest or because he doesn’t have a clue what Brexit means. Or both. Maddening.  
A quote from @BarryGardiner reads, “we have to respect people’s vote in that referendum.” But why, as we’re now all aware that vote was based on lies & corruption?! Surely now it’s clearer what #Brexit would really mean we should be given another crack at it? 
Brilliant response that deserves a reply from @TomTugendhat AT THE VERY LEAST. If this botched, illegal Brexit is allowed 2 go ahead + MPs, like him, don't stand up 4 the interests of the country, be sure, at some point in the future, some very serious questions will come his way 
Brexit is much easier said than done. Can you do better than the MPs? Now’s your chance to find out  
Downing Street wants to avoid publishing its plans for a worst-case Brexit scenario include importing thousands of generators to Northern Ireland  
I do love the notion that if only we weren't going through this beastly Brexit our Westminster miscreants would be the exemplar of attentive and competent governance.  
Amazing how people on this thread are unable to see the need to stand united against the real & immediate threat - No Deal Brexit - but would rather blame Labour for Tory ineptitude that’s just a cover up to get No Deal. In labour we stand firm with @Keir_Starmer against No Deal. 
Labour work with the Tories on Scottish Councils.Labour work with the Tories to support #Brexit.Labour work with the Tories to support #Trident.Labour work with the Tories to oppose #ScotRefLabour worked with the Tories in #BetterTogetherLabour are just #RedTories. 
 ATTN FLORIDA RESIDENTS  Currently >10% of the adult population and >20% of the black population cannot vote. There will be a referendum to restore voting rights to former felons on November 6th. Please vote yes on Amendment 4!!!  
In most negotiations, being prepared to walk away is key. But Brexit talks are akin to bargaining for a parachute having already jumped out of the plane  
TL;DRThe case for a #FinalSay Ref rests on 4 pillars:1. illegality surrounding original #EUref2. huge gap between the #Brexit promised & the one we're getting3. importance of informed consent for suffering #Brexit may inflict4. it's the right thing to do.#StandUp2Brexit 
21. The Brexit we're getting:- a state of emergency- food/medicine shortages- power outages- Heathrow closed 2mths- Major industries moving jobs & investment to EU27- Decline in GDP, jobs & opportunities for the young for 50yrsYou MUST get informed consent for this./End.  
Now that Twitter is banning Iranian accounts for counterpropaganda, it needs to pull all the Yanks who meddled in- Brexit- Repeal the 8th referendum (Ireland)- Inter-Korean relations- Iranian affairs- Venezuelan economic recovery- literally anything outside their borders 
Brexit: the need for accuracy - the danger is that, if the claimed short term effects of a "no deal" Brexit are debunked, people may be misled into thinking that a "no deal" outcome is harmless... . 
If you're in the Scottish Borders and have questions about #Brexit, you're *really* going to want to come to this!  
Removal of statue by a mob took hrs but the campus police did nothing. Want it down, pass a referendum. Tear it down? You are a criminal.... 
Okay, voters. Mueller has his ham sandwich. The #Midterms2018 are now officially a referendum on @potus. Want Congress to spend next 2 years on Stalinist show trial about porn stars? Or building a Wall, disarming North Korea, and fixing economy? Your vote. Nov. 6. Decide. 
Brexit Explained  
Corbyn has to go. He knows Brexit will hurt the UK, he knows 80% of Labour supporters are against it, he knows he has no moral right to support it at any cost. But he wants it. Because he's an anti-EU fanatic.Watch this ... and weep.#PeoplesVote 
Maybot had a little Raab his lies were white as snow and everything maybot tried to do the Raab was sure to blow he followed to the EU one day he didn't know one rule made the Europeans laugh and say he was a proper fool #Brexit  
To be clear, the #BDS movement is not a referendum against the people of Israel. Jewish groups who oppose apartheid & occupation support BDS. 
Wrong.  A decision to boycott is a 'no' vote in the referendum. The goal of those who disagree is to torpedo it; they don't trust the system or the government to conduct a fair referendum, so a decision to boycott is their only tool to kill it. #Macedonia #Бојкотирам = no 
AKA, it's a referendum on rule of law. Should the powerful be subject to the same laws you and I are? Or should Trump have absolute impunity?  
Brexit will leave UK short of 380,000 care workers, reminding that racism is a self-inflicting wound. 
NEW: Ex-Trump aide Steve Bannon tells me: "Today clarifies that November is a referendum on impeachment -- an up or down vote. "Every Trump supporter needs to get with the program." 
Downing Street wants to avoid publishing its plans for a worst-case Brexit scenario include importing thousands of generators to Northern Ireland  
Give the people a Final Say on the Brexit deal.Just 1000 to go to drive this petition to 700,000 signatures. Let’s do this.Please sign, share, RT and tag a friend.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
We need to stop relitigating the 2016 election through the Department of Justice. Impeach us or vote for new officials.Democrats, Media, and bureaucrats are subverting our very social contract. (Same thing w/ Brexit - damn elites)Bring the Mueller investigation back inhouse. 
For 3 yrs, Blairites have talked down to us, called us deluded, duped, naive, selfish for voting JC for leader. So little did they respect us, they ignored our 1st vote & forced us to do it all again. Sound like the #FPBE brigade on Brexit? That's because they are one & the same 
Fishermen “will not survive” Brexit no deal.“So much has been promised and people's hopes have been raised. I don't think anyone voted for things to get worse.”Nobody voted for this mess. Hold a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit. 
This is the arrogant Mr Mike Galsworthy the man behind Those imbeciles who wear the badge FBPE.He is their spirit guide, the planner, the storyteller.He will do almost anything to stop Brexit.But he’s also a failure because the likes of him won’tstop Brexit.  
Nobody is asking for the same referendum. We're asking to vote on a different question• Leave under May's deal• Leave with no deal• Don't leaveThe foundation of democratic politics is letting people vote. Not telling them they can't because you wouldn't like the outcome.  
Who'd have thought it. UK has put itself in the same situation re Brexit that it was asking other countries to put Scotland in re EU vetoes in back in 2014. #Schadenfreude 
When Trump goes down, frothing and insane, he’s going to flip on absolutely everyone who hasn’t already flipped on him. I suspect today’s action maybe giving certain British Brexit politicians a squeaky bum? Minor to Trump as they are, all will be thrown under the bus. 
Oi Kier, when are you going to admit that no Brexit passes your six tests? 
There should be a referendum on current immigration. I think all Canadians should have a voice in this matter. When multiculturalism was passed in the 60s we were never asked. It was forced on us. 
"If I sit next to a madman as he drives a car into a group of innocent bystanders, I can't, as a Christian, simply wait for the catastrophe, then comfort the wounded and bury the dead. I must try to wrestle the steering wheel out of the hands of the driver." Bonhoeffer#Brexit  
Good to see that advisory referendum on Harley Clarke Mansion will be in November ballot in Evanston. Let the people’s voice be heard! 
This is a concern flagged up by shellfish fishermen in Wales and I did too at Prime Minister's Questions on 4th July ... namely the worrying effect of Hard Brexit on borders for the sale of live shellfish - the majority of which goes to EU mainland.   
Ah, this annoys me. I want to love @jeremycorbyn- to herald his policies & ability to mobilise & energise marginalised groups to the cause of labour & I’d argue, social democracy. His obfuscation on #Brexit is weak though- more than that it’s an abandonment of working class  
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
I'm going to bed with a big grin knowing #Trump is going down & #Brexit is going down with him because they're one & the same RW conspiracyYou can't take the eggs out of the omletteMeanwhile my favourite bit of film is coming true 
I believe, that if Brexit is thwarted, civil disobedience, is a stong possibility, and that frightens me. The PM doesn't realise what she is doing 
Do you think there should be a 2nd referendum on Brexit if/when a deal is reached?- I know this isn't representative, it's a Twitter poll. Just interested to see :) 
Realistically , the next leader of the Conservative party will define Brexit and the direction of the country .  
I’m not even adding in all the screen time with Facebook and Twitter. Has consumption of all the constant noise about Trump/Clinton/Brexit/Turkey etc changed your life in any way other than increased anxiety? Improved your financial future and helped you achieve your goals? 
Fintech Regulation in the UK: What It Can Teach The World (video)  @CFTC @TheFCA #RegTech #FCAinnovate #fintech #Brexit #finance #stocks #banking #investing #investors 
Look, there are three possible outcomes:1. May fails to get a deal, opts for a hard brexit, and all hell breaks out.2. May gets a deal remarkably similar to the Norway solution, and all hell breaks out.3. May fails to get a deal, rescinds A50, and all hell breaks out. 
I totally agree with the idea that we should @guyverhofstadt "reject a new wave of authoritarian influence undermining our society" - well said.It's why I voted for #Brexit.  
Remember after the #EURef vote, the UK & the EU agreed that in order to move forward to the first round of talks, they had to reach agreement on the NI Border, the EU citizens & pay the bill? None of that has happened yet? #Brexit 
The BBC and the left would dismiss 52% of the voters in a high turn-out referendum as Far Right nutters if they could. The problem is that they're just ordinary Brits. Meantime, the insanity of the Left is rarely called out in a sympathetic, long since penetrated, media. #Liberty 
‘Like trying to take the egg out of an omelette’Best image of Brexit & why it will fail 
I want Britain to be a republic, but that’s not how democracy works James. Respecting the vote is right, now time for @UKLabour to be the party of soft Brexit.  
Stop grovelling to the EU. Let’s take an orderly WTO Brexit.   
British security chiefs have identified Russia as the primary security threat to the UK. #Brexit helps Putin's hybrid war against Western democracy, and therefore against Britain. Why should we not accuse the government of treason, of aiding our country's enemy?#PeoplesVote 
The psychologist interviewed have confirmed there is no such disorder. The term was made up by the journalist. And it’s your judgment it’s a great article? Is this the same judgement and rigour that you apply to the #brexit debate and the evidence in favour of leaving? 
Sitting at desk reviewing CVs for 3 jobs I posted today. Am bowled over by one realisation: approx 50% Brits, and rest a fantastic mix of Italians, Brazilians, Poles, Iranians...imagine how dull it would be without the international mix. THIS IS HOW BRITAIN SHOULD BE. FUCK BREXIT 
BREXIT CHAOS: Brexit will leave UK short of 380,000 care workers by 2026, analysis suggests/#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Spike Lee nails it on #newsnight - the rise of the right is not just Trump it's also #brexit 
If you like @BarryGardiner you could watch one of the 9 videos on this thread from @peoplesvote_uk who are publishing a video every weekday in August of leave voters calling for a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay on #brexit now they see what brexit means./9  
Trump's campaign manager Manafort convicted.Trump's lawyer Cohen pleads guilty to charges including abuse of campaign expenses.Where's the UK's Mueller to hold Trump's buddies the #Brexit crooks to account?#Newsnight 
A general election is not the same as a referendum: the former are necessarily regular; the latter generational. The decision taken in 1973 (and affirmed in 1975) has been reversed. That's democracy. When we've left, by all means campaign to rejoin. That, too, is democracy.  
Corbyn was asked a question about #Brexit SIX times. He couldn't give an honest answer. Fuck him. He's a fucking fraud.#PeoplesVote 
"US strongly supports Prespa Agreement, we appreciate the role @Dimitrov_Nikola  has played and we're looking forward to a successful Sep. 30th referendum and @SecPompeo today very strongly endorsed this effort"- A/S Wess Mitchell 
So, if anyone wants to interview me about how “Brexit Anxiety Disorder” isn’t and never has been A Thing, and how theories of group identity aren’t just confined to Remainers ... I’m more than happy. Don’t all rush at once! 
I was 14; transfixed by the calamity unfolding on BBC news as the tanks rolled through Prague. It's one of the reasons why I will never be resigned to the wicked irresponsibility of #Brexit  
To all the Remainers shrieking that the Referendum was simply “advisory” I repeat my challenge...show me a quote from any vaguely sane MP or political party that said that before the vote! You don’t because you can’t...  
Corbyn: 'That Brexit gives us opportunities to trade elsewhere, outside the EU'. For how long do we have to hear this nonsense? We can and do 'trade elsewhere' at the moment. Corbyn has been totally misled by Brexit fakery. How can such a man lead this nation?  
I know many people for whom Brexit just doesn’t enter their minds. They are just going about their lives in the belief that nothing will ever change. I envy them on one hand and fear for them on the other. Brexit will affect them too, head in the sand won’t work. 
As one of the two psychologists quoted in the piece, can I point out that it’s nothing of the sort; that “Brexit Anxiety Disorder” was the writer’s coinage, not ours; and that the way this is now being re-reported is deeply unhelpful? Thanks, Kate — am sure you’ll retweet this   
Both Corbyn and Barry Gardiner made it crystal clear today...a vote for Labour is a vote for Brexit...as well as for nukes up the Clyde and a bigot-pandering immigration policy.  Once again, the clearest case for the end of the UK is being made BY the UK. 
It’s small victories that ultimately win the war!Today should provide all resisters with some wind in your sails!Hang in there friends! Between Mueller & November midterms, there will be a clear referendum on this scoundrel and comrades!#NoOneIsAboveTheLaw 
Brexit now holds Britain in a headlock –This is brilliant writing from @georgegalloway  
It's a straight forward question, asked 6 times, so which is it?Doesn't want to say "No" because people might question the point of Brexit, or doesn't want to say "Yes" because it's untrue?  
What a simpering twat Corbyn really is.  So, Labour Brexit voters, your leader REFUSES to say “we will be better off outside the EU” six times.  What does that tell you????  
Watching @BBCNews folks in Kent getting extremely jittery about a no deal #Brexit. Apparently Kent voted for #Brexit you could not make this English #Brexit shambles up. Time Scotland was out of this UK asylum! 
If you've been reading about #Brexit Anxiety Disorder today, it doesn't exist. It is a convenient fiction of the journalist who coined the phrase. At least one of the psychologists quoted in the article ruled it out. The perils of giving expert opinion.  
Because the referendum was gerrymandered and based on lies, cheating and misrepresentation. And no-one so far has been able to tell me what 'leave deal' they voted for. 
Hearing that #MichaelCohen pleads guilty, #PaulManafort found guilty; it makes me wonder why there has there been no prosecutions in respect to the funding of the Leave campaign, here in Britain? #Brexit 
This is not about negating the result. It's about ensuring we are respecting the will of the people. If the majority still want to leave, knowing more about what #Brexit means, then what's the problem with asking? And if ppl don't want to now, then we have a duty to check 
Barry. I don't like quoting the Daily Mail. But since you seem to be singing from their hymn book....Only 13% of Brexit voters have any faith in the government's plans. Do the maths. That means Brexit voters do not support the way things are going. 
Today is last day of early voting for every registered voter in Harris County to vote on the flood control bond issue referendum. Election day is Saturday. See  @harrisvotes #HurricaneHarvey 
Hi Kate. We’re an active, growing grassroots group representing the 78% of your constituents who voted Remain as well as the growing number of local Leave voters who are deeply disillusioned with Brexit. If you’d like an insight into our mentality you could just stop ignoring us? 
From now on I will be de-dramatising my tweets, except the one about Playboy of the Brexit World in which a tousle-headed English lad turns up on the border having lied about the NHS and expects to be sheltered but the border people turn him over to the peelers cause he's a fraud 
A no-deal Brexit destroys British fishing.‘The Welsh Fishermen's Association (WFA) warned "people would start going out of business" after just four weeks if custom checks and restrictions caused delays.’  
Lol what? There are no possible terms of Brexit under which we would be better off than we are now. 
I disagree. He didn’t say no and tried to suggest that he could protect jobs and prosperity under Brexit when he knows he can’t. 
The @peoplesvote_uk is not about a ‘second referendum’ in the sense of contradicting the first. It’s about giving people a vote on the final deal. Why is anybody afraid of that? Is @UKLabour about democracy or not? Will we defy the Tory rush to a right wing #Brexit?  
This guy is up in Scotland targeting only @theSNP seats, while taking the exact same approach as the Tories on Brexit!There really is only one way to save Scotland from this mess and it isn’t choosing one of two sides of the same coin.....It’s #IndyRef2 
Tory Conf organisers won’t publish our fringe event! OutrageousPls help us spread the word, here are the details:‘Do we need a people’s vote? The Conservative case for a final say on the Brexit deal’ with Dr Phillip LeeMon 1 October, 10.30am Hilton Garden Inn (Barra Room)  
The post #Brexit remainer craziness has been identified as #BrexitAnxietyDisorder 
So @uklabour Front Bencher @barrygardiner in this tweet (to fellow Labour MP @BenPBradshaw) seems to think there aren't really any leave voters who are pushing to reconsider #Brexit with a #PeoplesVote Why don't we examine why that's completely false.A #remainernow Thread/1 
This was a good interview, even if with only one question.No need to bash JC, who gave his answer: basically "no," he doesn't believe the UK will economically benefit from brexit. Instead he sees the need to limit the damage. Quite simple, and what serious people know anyway. 
That's why we have such a deadlock in the Brexit negotiations.The government knows we need to get the advantages of the Single Market to avoid economic disaster. But they haven't told the public what those advantages are, hence the "just get on with it". 
Barnier has said all along the EU would not abandon its principles to facilitate a #Brexit dealEvery time he says this, he secures more concessions from MayIt's high time we broke the cycle of capitulations#ChuckChequers#MayMustGo#StandUp4Brexit 
Also, it is striking how geostrategic arguments were mostly dismissed during the 2016 referendum campaign - ie UK remains in NATO in any case, EU not relevant for European security etc. - but are now deployed by HMG as a key argument for reaching a Brexit deal. So EU is relevant? 
The fury of the stop Brexit mob has finally been explained says Brendan O'Neill:  
Remember Brexit means Brexit, leaving the Single Market & Customs Union, no more ECJ and controlling our borders.  Well think again, under the Chequers plan all is reversed, Brexit means Remain in all but name.  Come on @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg what are you waiting for.. 
Straight talking, honest politics...The Labour leadership keep backing Theresa May on her Brexit mess- we need an #ExitfromBrexit 
@Superdry is a young persons brand. Brexit is for the old fossils who want a return to the Empire and ruling 1/3 of Africa. I think @Superdry sales will go north after this if anything 
Colombian humorist @DanielSamperO got a bunch of lawmakers to make a reggaetón video about the anti-corruption referendum this weekend and it’s pretty great.  
Perhaps if you talk unsubstantiated rubbish about why #Brexit is a good idea & how Britain will be great again you will be on radio and TV every day. It seems to work well for Idiot Duncan Smith. Sadly truth & facts seem to have a impact that the BBC can't deal with. #PeoplesVote 
I truly believe brexit is the only chance this country has. 
One of the points about #Brexit that needs to be measured is the opportunity cost. Whilst all this time, money & manpower is consumed in the most complex public experiment of all time, our public services are wasting away from neglect 
'Farage called our doctors a disgrace - ignoring what Brexit has done to NHS' | @doctor_oxford 
Right now, still, two **** years after the Brexit vote, most people, I'd say 90% still think the Single Market is just "Free trade plus Free Movement". 
Brexit: ridding the UK of sanctimonious turds...  
Stop Press. It’ll rain tomorrow; blame Brexit. The No 79 bus is running late; blame Brexit. When are the Establishment Elite going to stop threatening us with every dreadful thing happening ..... because of Brexit!! 
But Kier, #Brexit WILL BE HUGELY DAMAGING TO OUR COUNTRY yet you're blindly supporting it!@BarryGardiner suggesting a super majority needed to change the EUref result when he was happy to allow a 'wafer thin majority' to win it'It really is time politicians grew a pair! 
Because of his ambivalence as Labour leader in the referendum campaign, Jeremy Corbyn is one of the people most responsible for #Brexit happening..  
Launch of Conservatives for a People;s Vote with backing of moderate Tories and former Ministers - Phillip Lee, Justine Greening and Sel Comm Chair Sarah Wollaston @conservative4pv If Parlmt cant agree a way forward for #Brexit then we must check the Will of the People 
Andrew Neil has blocked me. As Economist editor he was a great champion of liberalism in its widest sense. Now he is followed by a horde of illiberal hard and far-right accounts. He uses his status as a top BBC journalist to promote partisan #Brexit views. #PeoplesVote 
Say yes, the country will be awesome after Brexit he's Nigel Farage, say no, it will be a shit show he's an arch, London centric remoaner. Say, we respect the result and will do our best to mitigate its impact, he's dishonest.Poor Corbyn really cannot win on this can he. 
Keir, at this moment it feels like you're no longer front and centre for Labour on Brexit, but currently marginalised into tweets about 'No Deal' from the sidelines. Seriously hope we're wrong, but you have become somewhat invisible over time. 
Le Brexit - in "the shell of a nut" ! :)  
A new poll has found that the Labour Party needs to oppose Brexit to stand a chance of beating the Conservatives in a snap election  
Oh, look today's scare tactic the NHS will run out of drugs? if someone has the drugs that you want you buy them nothing to do with Brexit, basic business. Do really think business is going to turn round and say we're not supplying you because you've left the EU? give me a break. 
Can I re-Tweet my own Tweet? Yes I can. ‘So er?  Everyone who is not British but is from the EU and already here can stay, but you, and everyone else, must leave?’ #Brexit #MontyPython 
Brexit will NOT happen. I've never been so sure about something.In fact, if it does happen, I'll post a topless photo of myself (which will inevitably get me kicked off Twitter).This will remain pinned to my profile until 31st March 2019  
What happened to principle & honesty Mr Corbyn? Is Britain better off outside of the EU? The only answer (that you refuse to give) is: No, no, no, no, no, no.Stop insulting @uklabour by telling them to respect a corrupt referendum.#StopBrexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #RescindA50 
I'll just assume:1. Food banks: demanding plastic free donations2. Brexit threatens supply of sanitary goods for those already in period poverty.3. Turkmenistan lesbian installation art takes Tate by storm4. Israel crippling Gaza firework supplies5. Why do men still exist?  
The UK sadly underestimated the EU27 resolve & cohesion & frankly sheer professionalism of the Chief Negotiator @MichelBarnier & his top team. Remember HMG Ministers convinced EU unity would collapse as soon as Brexit negotiations started given trade imbalance but no sign so far.  
As you should know by now that there is no possible brexit deal which would satisfy your own 6 tests, so when are you going to start behaving like a real opposition, and act to #StopBrexit ? 
Richard Burnett(Road Haulage Association) - We are 7 months away from #brexit & there hasn't been any negotiations about access rights for UK hauliers into the EU.. this is incredibly concerning for businesses that will be affected.. we can't live hope...#peoplesvote #FBPE 
Two psychologists have come up with a name for the behaviour of extreme Remainers who despise Brexiteers as intellectually inferior and await the end of days. It is Brexit Anxiety Disorder or BAD. These people have lost control of everything—and now their minds as well. BAD. 
789 days after the EU Referendum and how many concessions have the EU made in the Brexit “negotiations”?  
“Brexit vote can be reversed declares top EU official”It’s official. Brexit can be stopped. So let’s stop it. We all know it’s insaneTime for a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToStay - and then we stay! 
So many people thinking they’re ‘Shadow Banned’ because of their AntiChoice, Pro Brexit, Anti Immigrant Pro Trump (right wing) opinions. Don’t flatter yourself , you’ve not be Shadow Banned, most of your followers are fake accounts & you’re really just an arse . 
“It’s not the People’s Vote, it’s the George Soros vote!” .@Nigel_Farage hits back at this LBC listener who wants Brexit overturned with another referendum  
People who are serious about ending Brexit won't reward Labour for betraying them. 
Barry, ask yourself what version of Brexit has more support in the country than Remaining in the EU?- May's deal doesn't- No Deal doesn't- People are so bowled over by our version, only 13% are even clear what it isDon't kid yourself, there's no Brexit that heals the divide  
Can't wait for the #Brexit 'technical papers' i.e. a catalogue of Govt's abject failure to deliver any of the promises a raft of ministers & MPs aka 'Charlatans' made to CON a small majority of the Ppl to back it.And IT IS NOT THE EU's FAULT.#PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay#Remain 
“On the first day I came before you as a negotiator, I said Brexit will have numerous consequences – human, social consequences, economic, financial, technical, legal – and I said that many people had underestimated those consequences.”  
Clearly he doesn’t.But he’s not going to say so for 3 reasons: 1. Because senior Labour know he would be annihilated by the media. 2. Letting the Tories be skewered by Brexit is a gift not to be missed.3. People who are serious about ending Tory rule will still vote Labour 
'Do not blame the EU!' Tetchy Michel Barnier lashes out at no-deal Brexit ‘blame game’ Barnier has created the Impasse! Blocking every Deal!  
Apparently the Brexit ‘no deal’ impact papers due out on Thursday are likely to be ‘quite short’.  Not surprising. It doesn’t take long to explain that a ‘no deal’ Brexit would be hugely damaging for our country.  
Brexit will usher in austerity max  that makes the current shit storm look like prosperity. He knows it and so does the vast majority of the Labour party however a sad clique of Corbyn cultists think he is a god 
A rightly savage denunciation of WTO-Brexit."It is the worry that the lunacy of a no-deal Brexit is gaining ascendancy" "pie-in-the-sky nonsense about a smooth transition to World Trade Organisation"Thankfully I do think the option is withering under scrutiny.  
@jeremycorbyn comes across as evasive and utterly out of his depth. He knows how damaging Brexit will be but seems incapable of finding a way to avoid the harm it will cause to exactly the people who vote Labour.Labour’s refusal to back a #PeoplesVote is deeply disappointing 
The vast majority of Labour voters oppose Brexit, but @jeremycorbyn cannot answer this simple question. Corbyn is apparently happy to go along with Theresa May on Brexit. The Liberal Democrats are not.Join our campaign to #exitfrombrexit  
He actually said he would respect the result of the referendum and do his best to ensure Britain got the best possible deal - need to listen to the whole interview and not just the bits that suit  
2 points those campaigning for a second referendum haven’t considered. 1. The possibility that they could lose. 2. The damage to trust in democracy if they didn’t. That’s why we need everyone to #StandUp4Brexit democracy as we know it is at stake. 
To be honest, whilst @BarryGardiner is a Labour politician, I am inclined to agree. The only people campaigning for a second referendum ARE those who lost the first.   Paging @Anna_Soubry @sarahwollaston @Sandbach and co... 
I am reminded of what Pierre Elliott Trudeau said before the 1980 Referendum after Rene Levesque mocked his middle name for being too Anglophone. The logic of "Quebecois de souche" rejects anyone whose bloodline isn't pure New France going back to 1759: 
The state of this. Brexit is going to be disastrous in so many important ways for this country, not least in the NHS, and this is how our Labour leader talks about it. Tell me again, certain people on here, how this man is the saviour this country needs?  
Tom has an outstanding military record. I haven’t done anything half as brave as him. But alas, Brexit is so serious - & seriously damaging  in my view - that this can’t be a reason for declining to argue frankly about  the future course of the nation we both serve  
Does not really matter what he believes, you need to be talking to the Tories, Labour opposing Brexit will not prevent it, only the Tories can do that, all Labour can do is to try to amend the final deal. We have this mess because Cameron thought he could get a few extra votes 
You want reasoned logic about #Brexit? Ask @LizKershawDJ  
Even if Theresa May somehow manages to get a deal by the end of this year... We may not get to keep it...Michel Barnier just reminded everyone of the Brexit timeline.  
I’m considering joining a political party to stop Brexit. Who do you think is best to join to Stop Brexit (I’ve included all 4 main parties as 1 in particular is ripe for a takeover) 
Labour are a pro-EU party; their entire Brexit policy is a result of this one man believing that the UK will be better off outside the EU. it beggars belief that he can't answer this question. he's like a captain steering his ship into an iceberg, and he can't even explain why. 
Apparently I am suffering from a severe case of BAD.Brexit Anxiety Disorder. It's highly contagious & there are millions of sufferers. I think there is only one known cure & that's complete amputation of the Brexit - no anaesthetic necessary. @BremainInSpain #UKEUchallenge 
Such ashame I had high hopes for Dominic before he sold out and put career above country. Chequers is anything but #Brexit and deep down he knows it !! 
On Corbyn can't answer a simple question about #Brexit ...1/ If Brexit was simple we would have already left..2/ Corbyn is not a Clairvoyant..3/ Should you not be asking @theresa_may this simple question?4/ & Also those who support Corbyn respect "Democracy" like he does 
Who cares about exports anyway was the Brexiteer mantra back during the referendum. Having lost the debate on trade negotiations between the UK and the EU post Brexit (whatever we end up negotiating it is almost guaranteed to be a worse deal for UK exporters than we already have)  
The nightmare of Brexit in a nutshell. Any fule kno (including May and Corbyn) that we'd be worse off but they can't say it because The People Have Spoken. So on we go, with a project nobody outside the Mogg/Hoey nexus believes in.  
Brexit happens in March. They’re only now recruiting to deliver the IT to handle the chaos. This is the ideal job for anyone who’s ever wanted to end up as a scapegoat when unfettered promises by political stakeholders meet with cold hard reality... anyone out there fancy it?  
We're not impressed by UK’s no-deal #Brexit blame game, says Michel Barnier  
Slippery as a snake. Corbyn failed to answer the question 6 times. He's respecting the result of an advisory referendum in which electoral law was broken by the Leave campaign. What a disaster he is for this country. The wrong man, in the wrong job at the wrong time. 
In the real world, #LiamFox would have cleared his desk and left with his things in a shoebox LONG AGO.He has produced zilch.No deals. Nada..We pay for this  posse .. and why isn't The Opposition calling this entire sh*t show to account ? They're wasting our money!#Brexit  
I can see your point but if he had answered with a direct yes or no, then half of the country would be baying for his blood such is the toxicity of Brexit 
Latin American documentary challenges Spain's version of Catalan referendum. Via @elnacionalcatEN 
Lots of hissy fits going on over this on my TL. But I think it's perfectly reasonable. The World & his wife know Brexit is a shit sandwich. But if Corbyn says that (a) it'll immediately all become his fault & (b) there'll be demands to reject the result. Grow the fuck up, eh?  
This Brexit, if it were an art restoration project.ht  @dontbrexitfixit 
Irony alert.Barry Gardiner argues it is dangerous to shut off the democratic means for people to achieve change -- as a rationale for shutting down any opportunity for a People's Vote.What do you think happens if we get dragged into a Brexit that a majority object to, Barry?  
Wrong.#ParliamentIsSovereign and can pass an Act to allow a 2nd referendum anytime it likes. There is no "cannot."Whether it will happen ...is another matter.  
In order to understand the right-wing #Brexit strategy you need to know about James Buchanan the immensely influential US economist who preached a "stealth" attack on the democracies that he claimed are parasites preying on the wealth-makers.#PeoplesVote 
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
Border, Irish, ‘“You Can’t Grow Raspberry Ripple on An Allotment, Jeremy”: The Politics of Post-Brexit Ice Cream Consumption’, Journal of Brexit Studies, 1:1 (2018), 1-145 
#honestpollWho do you trust more to be honest about the impact of #brexit on the #NHS? 
Do you think there is a lack of leadership over the whole Brexit process? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
Raab, May's tea boy and t*rd polisher, still believes a #Brexit deal is possible - but as most Brits know 1) Chequers is not Brexit2) The EU will demand even more concessions before they give us a deal and 3) All the capitulations to date have been committed by ReMayner May  
ANSWER THE QUESTION, JEREMY!  Just answer it! In case you sees in ANY doubt of @jeremycorbyn ‘s Brexit intensions ... Jeremy Corbyn has no intention of stopping Brexit.   
Sir Fraser Stoddart, 2016 Nobel Prize winner for Chemistry writes the first article on our new website! Diverse labs are the way forward, Brexit threatens UK access to talent - and the West needs to up its science leadership, or Asia will take over. 
Theresa May has reduced the Brexit negotiation to a cowardly surrender at the hands of Brussels. We need a real leader, one who believes in the cause!Join the Tories to elect a Brexiteer who views Brexit as a positive opportunity for our country:  
Say yes, the country will be awesome after Brexit he's Nigel Farage, say no, it will be a shit show he's an arch, London centric remoaner. Say, we respect the result and will do our best to mitigate its impact, he's dishonest.Poor Corbyn really cannot win on this!  
7/ When I say the EU set these rules, they are set by duly democratically elected Ministers and MEPs from member countries.To say that Brexit are misleading the public that 75% of our Laws are made in Brussels is an understatement!Check the facts folks. Always check the facts 
Barry Gardiner and Jeremy Corbyn very explicit today that a vote for them is a vote for Brexit, and for a punitive and destructive immigration policy.  I would also remind you that Labour are also committed to renewing Trident and have failed to defend devolution. Socialists?  
Former MI6 officer Christopher Steele has won a legal battle in the US against three Russian oligarchs Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan who had claimed Steel had defamed them in the dossier about the Trump campaign and its links with Moscow. 
Corbyn visits Scotland and lies his Brexit chops offHe is only targeting SNP seatsEven if his muppets won every seat in Scotlandthey'd still lose a GEThere are street protests against his party in ScotlandLabour here are in bed with the Tories  
"Check your Parliament's rules" implies he has checked them and they rule out a referendum. They don't. That's why I put it like I did. 
Dominic Raab, there, hoping we’ll forget his current Cabinet colleague Liam Fox gleefully described 3 million EU citizens as ‘one of our main cards’ after the referendum. Only thing more nauseating than gov’s moral sewage then is their attempt to claim moral high ground now  
I take it all back. He’s a veritable master of the straight answer. Utterly unlike all those other politicians. Amazed he exposes himself to proper questions so rarely. Clearly committed to fulfilling the membership’s desire to stop Brexit. This could hardly have gone better.  
Slip of the tongue by Barry, surely! Civil disobedience is much more likely if a costly, economically-damaging,  job-destroying #brexit, that bears no resemblance to what was promised, is forced on the British people without them being allowed to have a say on it.  
The referendum in 1975 was to remain part of the common market which has morphed into the EU which is a very different beast indeed...federal political union. My parents were misled in 1975. 
Corbyn says FoM will end with brexit. He is a piece of work Shameful.   
Four things @FineGael could do to help us make a change. 1 Allocate 20% of transport budget for active travel.2 Support our waste reduction bill to stop single use plastics.3 Amend regs so no new fossil fuel heating systems.4 Allow a referendum on public water ownership.  
EU expects delay in Brexit deal beyond October target  
We are tiptoeing into disaster. The fact the Scottish Government is stockpiling six weeks of medicine for a hard Brexit is horrific. What is going to happen after that? 
It's easy to criticise Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit but you try and simultaneously appeal to Doncaster **72% Leave** and Bristol West **80% Remain**Historians may yet conclude that the 'Corbyn Fudge' was political genius  
Britain edges closer to a hard Brexit  
Corbyn said “not one job lost,” remember? How many jobs & businesses have already gone & Brexit hasn’t happened yet? - This is deceit. Corbyn is a Tory-supporting Moggite when it comes to Brexit. He is at odds with the majority of the Labour Party & should go.  
Labour ‘finished’ if it becomes an accomplice to Brexit  
This is very depressing.  There is absolutely no doubt from the evidence that #Brexit will leave every part of these Islands worse off. No version of #Brexit , fromwhatever party, can be anything but damaging.    That is simply a fact.  
He is as much of a fantasist as Mogg & the other lunatics if he thinks there can be a Brexit that “does not damage living standards.” There are just two options when people say this: thick, or liar.  
Point me to the part of the manifesto that answers the question that Corbyn refused to answer?Will the UK be better off or worse off as a result of brexit? 
This interview completely and utterly disqualifies Jeremy Corbyn from being PM. He calls for the referendum result to be respected while claiming he will ensure the impossible happens (jobs first Brexit). Completely daft. No critical person can vote #UKLabour #PeoplesVote 
We're not impressed by UK’s no-deal Brexit blame game, says Michel Barnier. We're not impressed either. 
Hi @EddieHughes4WN,We're sad that we haven't heard from you about joining the 17 other MPs who have pledged to #StandUp4Brexit & reject the #ChequersPlan.We're grassroots & we think that #Chequers is not #Brexit. We would love to have you on board.Please let us know.  
Seems to me the biggest threat to Red and Blue Tories alike isn’t Brexit but Scotland going independent. With all that’s going on the the UK they are still going after the SNP, Westminster must be worried. 
Labour MP says second Brexit referendum may lead to social unrestThus #indyref2 is only game in town. 
he's the opposition leader, it's incumbent on him to express his opinion and not avoid the question.We're in this ludicrous situation where the gov and the main opposition party won't confirm what everybody knows ...brexit will be a disaster. 
Barry, you should ask yourself why you are allying with the hard Right & Farage on Brexit  
“The [EU’s principles] have been defined by #EU leaders, with a great sense of responsibility for the European project & the integrity of the Single Market.” Statement by @MichelBarnier today @EU_Commission following his meeting w/ @DominicRaab:  #Brexit  
Brilliant interviewing here taking no bullshit. Corbo is completely bankrupt on brexit. His young followers need to either deliver him an ultimatum or get rid of him.  
The Government’s chaotic handling of the Brexit negotiations means the chances of the UK crashing out of the EU are now higher than ever. That’s why City Hall is helping London’s businesses plan for a no-deal Brexit - before it’s too late. 
1. He's in an impossible position trying to be as clear as possible from it.2. He did not create brexit3, Neither he nor party have lied re brexit, e.g slogans on busses, promises of dividends nor any such nonsense4. where is the same article of you doing this to @theresa_may 
Britain can't afford to close door to EU banks after Brexit  
Tosspot...same Brexit media 'training' class as the Maybot. Pathetic.  
The only result of the GE was that the PM demanded an increased mandate to deliver brexit and lost the majority she had and had to do a deal with the DUP of dark money fame. John Major refused to do a deal with the DUP even when he suffered from bastards. 
Corbyn can’t even answer a straight question over Brexit.Abd he wants to be Prime Minister. Absolutely embarrassingly shit. Really quite embarrassing. We deserve a better choice than May v Corbyn. (By the way @jeremycorbyn you didn’t answer the question at all) 
getAbstract summary of my piece on what no-deal Brexit would actually look like  
Yeah, to help him deliver Labour’s particular type of ‘jobs first’ chaotic, clueless Brexit  
Corbyn refusing to answer cos:1) he knows we’ll be worse off outside the EU, and 2) he wants Brexit despite knowing this because he’s ideologically opposed to the EUHe’s about to betray traditional Labour voters by backing a decision that’ll cause more hardship than austerity 
The latest no deal project fear warning from remoaners has been revealed. In the event of no deal Brexit please have your rubber rings & arm bands at the ready for the tidal waves due to hit & destroy London. The rest of the country will then sink into the sea on 1 Apr 19..  
It's a daft question because he has to say what Labour policy says. And for the time being at least, Labour policy is to respect the referendum and get as good a deal as we can, with a Customs Union. It's not about his personal opinion.  
Corbyn says "A referendum took place, a decision was reached, we have to respect the result". In 1975 the decision was not only overwhelming but also an actual decision, not a manipulated advisory result of a bent gerrymandered referendum. 
So he doesn't believe we will be better off outside the EU and he still wants Brexit. Appalling.Oh, and BTW he didn't even mention SERVICES, which is where most of the UK's income comes from. Obdurate and ignorant pretty much describes @jeremycorbyn. 
Some people are fooled into believing this is a clever answer, others will see why being 60 seats behind the worst prime minister in history leading the biggest bunch of incompetents ever to be called a government, was a high water mark. The game's up. Join us or lose more seats. 
The intern, possibly emboldened by the boss’s absence, was overheard saying that Brexit sounded like a campaign to legalise assisted dying 
Dear @BarryGardiner,Please see below.78% of Labour members want a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. Just @ us next time.#FFS#PeoplesVote 
No offence Barry, but who appointed you the independent arbiter of what is democratic? Get over it, Brexit is a disaster from start to finish, you won't deny us a say. Stop telling us to polish a turd. Brexit is a nitemare and we have the right to a #PeoplesVote 
We could really use one of those WW2-on-this-day accounts but starting on 20 February 2016 & detailing all the nonsense Brexiters said in the run up to the referendum and after it. 
We yet another meeting with EU Barnier, yet again no movement, what an utter waste of time.The Eu has not negotiated one little bit in two years,they have succeeded in playing for time hoping the UK Brexit will give up.WE HAVE TO GROW SOME BALLS, TELL THEM NO MORE NEGOTIATIONS 
What does the 1/2 mill referendum secure? Find out from @RobertwRuncie in this video. To learn even more, visit  
and 4 my fave here is our wannabe luvvie athousand miles awayin NY  with doubious Brexit bedfellows   
“We don’t have to give a reason and we are not giving one.” How long before this is their answer to “Why are you still doing #Brexit when it’s obvious that it’s bad for the country and against the will of the people?” 
Brexit has changed everything. There will be a referendum on Irish Unity within 5 years. How will you vote? Please retweet when you’ve voted. 
“For two years elitist Remainers have branded Brexit voters as mad, rash and overemotional. But it’s actually Remoaners who have behaved like that, not Brexiteers. And now we know why: they’re suffering from Brexit Anxiety Disorder”, says Brendan O’Neill 
BREXIT has ignited a long overdue war - between the frustrated Thatcherite Tory membership, and the posh smug Socialist paternalists in charge, who regard them as mere dumb foot-soldiers.   Up the Revolution!  
I'm planing to be on 'holiday' in the EU when the 29 March Brexit day arrives. I suggest the rest of those who voted Remain do the same and claim asylum status. 
More people think the NHS is going to be worse off after #Brexit. This wasn't the Brexit anyone voted for. We need a #PeoplesVote to take control of the final deal 
Time to decide who decides...Who should decide if the Brexit deal that Theresa May negotiates is good enough for the people of Britain?@Anna_Soubry @KateHoeyMP 
Wetherspoon Chief hits back at claims no-deal Brexit would increase prices 
In the next 5 years, do you think Brexit will lead to a better or a worse National Health Service?All Brits: 16% better, 38% worse, 29% no differenceRemain: 3% better, 67% worse, 17% no differenceLeave: 32% better, 10% worse, 44% no difference 
“Siri, show me Brexit as a football panel”  
Dominic Raab: "These hair raising stories of 'no deal' Brexit are far from the truth."UK government 'no deal' plan seen by the Telegraph:  High likelihood of customs delays and tailbacks, M20 will be closed for 13 miles, British lorry drivers will not be able to take goods to EU 
When I see a single sensible cogent plan put forward by anybody who wants Brexit that isn’t unicorns dancing on a moonbeam I might stop being concerned. Until then, I’m very happy to say Brexit is madness. 
Opinion rapidly changing as Brexit reality becomes clearer. Surely would be madness to go over the cliff edge, wreck economy & undermine GFA, if this is not supported by people. Labour need to lead not pander to narrative of populist right #peoplesvote 
What we see from Europe: The UK is living in fantasy land re Brexit. Not even the politicians who are negotiating UK’s departure knows how the EU works. UK cannot cover up its incompetence by blaming the EU. #Brexitchaos 
We're not impressed by UK’s no-deal Brexit blame-game, says Michel Barnier  
The @Conservatives know their Brexit deal is failing. That's why they're afraid of democracy and debate.#PeoplesVote 
Absolutely amazing that David Davis campaigned for Brexit, won, was given the chance to oversee it and then...couldn't quite be fucked to do it. Huge. 
#Brexit: UK and EU will negotiate continuously between now and March as talks enter the "final phase", EU's Michel Barnier says  
#BREAKING EU, UK to start negotiating 'continuously' in final Brexit phase, says Barnier  
'Why should we change our principles.. It is the UK that is leaving the European Union, not the other way around'. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Liam Fox says UK can be a ‘21st century exporting superpower’ after Brexit, by sending our best talent and most lucrative businesses overseas. 
Well, well. Nice pro-democracy Brexit line from a Lab frontbencher. That doesn’t happen very often!  
"I'm confident we can reach that agreement in October." - #Brexit secretary Dominic Raab MP believes that discussions the latest talks with the EU have been positive.- Get the Brexit latest here:  
Interview request in with @peoplesvote_hq - fighting to overturn #Brexit  
SMR: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is British entrepreneur and co-founder of the Superdry Fashion Label, #JulianDunkerton Will you join him and SIGN THE PETITION to demand your say?   
This stunt from Corbyn, who is still supporting Brexit wholeheartedly. Hilarious.  
.@Nigel_Farage answers readers' questions: 'It’s a blessing I was never elected as an MP... Now I can help save Brexit'  
'CLEAN Brexit'? It was won by cheating, lying and law-breaking. It was borne from xenophobia, hatred, and greed. It's resulted in division, isolation, and heartbreak. There is NOTHING 'clean' about it. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll 
Methinks Theresa the Appeaser is waiting on this before going back to the polls to scupper Brexit.  
A comically hyperbolic Washington Post column on Theresa May's "genius" - with a Brexit deal she is "bound to go down in history as one of the greatest prime ministers of our time".  
Thanks for the tip, fam. Cos after the Brexit you're failing to oppose in any meaningful way, we'll all be growing and eating our own 
Let me think about that for a nanosecond?   No thanks.   The very reason we have Brexit is because there are multiple Tory parties as there are multiple Labour parties.  Neither should be let near Government again without adults present. 
One from the Express. UK Fishermen fear no deal #Brexit would destroy UK fishing industry in four weeks.Wonder what absentee MEP Nigel Fartage has to say about destroying  the industry he pretends to support.Well @Nigel_Farage any comment? 
As we scramble to make ends meet after Brexit, we’ll be tempted to cut corners on animal rights, human rights and a cleaner planet. It’s already begun. 
Reports from the BDO note that the UK services sector, that makes up three-quarters of the UK economy, has contracted for the first time in 8 years.  This sector, and others, are suffering due to Brexit uncertainty; it is time to grant business and the people a #FinalSayOnTheDeal 
Just been interviewed on LBC - a denial of the EU referendum result would be a betrayal of democracy - more people voted for Brexit than in any other UK poll ever. (Pictured: the 2016 Government taxpayer funded £9.2 million leaflet delivered to all homes advocating remain.) pic.twitter.com/p3QKGcEQMI 
#Brexit is like playing Russian roulette with the country. The first two chambers were empty. Now time is running out and the Brexit advocates are happy just to carry on pulling the trigger regardless of the acute danger facing us  
I'm not a Conservative. I've never voted for the Tories, and am unlikely to in the future. But having said that, I fully agree with #C4PV. I support anyone who wants a #PeoplesVote.#Brexit is bigger than party politics. 
Fox suggests the govt could ditch the under 100k immigration target after #brexit.  The claim that Brexit was to cut immigration was always a lie. The goal is to switch to 3rd world workers who can be more easily exploited. #LeaveLies #PeoplesVote 
Barry Gardiner says holding another referendum on the UK's EU membership could lead to civil disobedience and undermine democracy.So presumably democracy was well served by a referendum with a narrow outcome based on lies and cheating.FFS ! 
The decline of once great imperial powers is often hastened by their failure to adapt to their newly reduced circumstances and their deluded attempts to cling to, or resurrect, an exceptional status. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
More worries which , if you read to the end , are met with the usual empty rhetoric from @GovUK.  As in Wales, so in Scotland as I know from my own constituency...Brexit: Fears shell fishermen 'will not survive' no deal - BBC News  
EU funds!! Repeat that? EU FUNDS,! Yet you voted with Tories & UKrap to allow Westminster to withdraw powers from Senedd to facilitate Brexit! Why didn’t you stand in solidarity with the Scots? Labour in Cymru, fail us once again!  
"Ending free movement after Brexit would cause a social care workforce crisis. Social care is already overstretched, and cutting the number of care staff by 100,000 would have a direct impact on the quality of life of elderly and disabled people."  
Boris means Brexit! 
The way the Lexiteers block a referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal (and misleadingly call it a second referendum) because it might upset some right-wingers is the latest in a long line of their collective failure to provide opposition.  
JACOB REES-MOGG WARNS MAY WHAT HE’LL DO IF BREXIT IS NOT DELIVERED! RT!  
A lot of the “analyses” of Brexit voters, Corbyn voters, Remain voters are essentially “Wow, voters are behaving in the same way they always have, but now we can read their tweets!” 
Barry, I like you, but that's a lie. I live in France yet even I know at least 40 friends/relatives still in the UK who've changed their minds, feel they were lied to, conned and since seen the ramifications. You're supposed to lead - not follow. You know Brexit is a disaster. 
That a further democratic vote undermines democracy is the perhaps the daftest argument yet in Brexit, by @BarryGardiner. 
CALLING ALL REMAINER NOWPlease reply to @UKLabour front bencher @BarryGardiner's tweet below who seems to think no leave voters want a #peoplesvote #finalsay on #Brexit  
Britain has extended its lead in the global currency trading business in the two years since it voted to leave the European Union, in another sign London is likely to continue to be one of the world’s top two financial centres even after Brexit. 
First of all, Nigel has NO idea about #Brexit or what it’s doing to our great country. But this is why I question why we give him the power to influence? You see, Farage’s main weakness comes from his ignorance. The man is unwilling to understand the truth and is blind to facts.  
One of the most important lessons in medicine, and all safely conscious industries, is that it’s vital to admit and learn from error and failure, and it’s important to change your mind according to the evidence. If #Brexit now looks like doing more harm than good, why do it? 
BOOST: Brexit Britain reports largest budget surplus in 18 years despite Treasury's Project Fear forecasts. Osborne claimed Brexit 'would result in higher government borrowing', now he's proven wrong yet again!  
So if people vote for a good Brexit, and the government doesn't manage to deliver a good Brexit, and they vote to reject a crap Brexit, it is frankly unconstitutional to argue that that the people should be trapped between a bad deal and no deal. 
The #Brexit forecast for the next 20 years. via  
Can you imagine the pain it must have caused staff in the Guardian to write this? I'm amazed they didn't include a 'despite Brexit'.  #StandUp4Brexit #ProjectPositive 
You think the collapse of House of Fraser had nothing to do with Brexit?Check out this  on the Brexit Job Losses page.  
Labour's official stance: respect a corrupt referendum and be cowed by fascists.Pathetic.Where the hell is our Opposition?#HidingUnderTheBed#PeoplesVote #CorbynOut #ToriesOut #WATON #WeNeedPRNow 
The problem is on Twitter the majority of hard #Brexit accounts are fake, bots or trolls whose only purpose in their virtual life is to sow discord, hate and lies, which is spun as debate and engagement. You CANT talk to them by definition.  
"We've already voted on Brexit"We never voted on a deal. People didn't like our old EU deal so they must decide the new 1"Why no repeated referendums on everything?"On other issues, after 5 yrs you can elect a new government to reverse it with a clean slate. Not Brexit 
We haven't had a referendum yet on the final deal. Would you be happy with an EEA agreement like Norway, or with the Chequers deal? Or would you want a say in it? 
As I say, you can't rule out Brexit won't leave the vulnerable worse off, why the hell are Corbynistas supporting it? Saddens me greatly. 
WE ALREADYTRADE WITH THE REST OF THE WORLDSTOP YOUR BREXIT PROPAGANDA PLEASE#StopBrexit 
"One of the biggest threats to European unity would be a chaotic no-deal #Brexit" - UK Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt gives speech in Washington  
What I’ve learned in the last 2 wks:Many who like it when people tweet views about how bad Brexit is seem to really hate it when the same people tweet views about stopping it, citizens’ rights, legal cases, or anything people they disagree with on non-Brexit issues agree with. 
"In the UK, we talk about Brexit and Brexit and Brexit."　International Trade Secretary Liam Fox says Brexit "is not the only issue that's out there in terms of global trade".  
"Fears". You people are ridiculous. If your precious Brexit is such a good idea, why are you scared of a vote on the facts? Perhaps you realise people won't be fooled again, that the mood has changed & if Labour back an informed referendum they would get into power. 
New Talk Radio host Jeremy Kyle stands up for Brexit and defends Nigel Farage:“At least you have the conviction to stand up and say what you feel Nigel. Why don't more politicians do that?”  Support us at  
He is arguing with those trying to stop Brexit thus enabling a Tory Brexit to happen. So I ask again what benefit does Brexit bring those that Labour are meant to protect? 
Barry, you should ask yourself why, if “precious few” Leave voters want to change their mind, Leave supporters are so afraid of a People’s Vote. Pandering to the minority who want Brexit at any cost will not heal any divide. 
I voted leave as I do not believe in the level of Supranational government the EU imposes. However, the level of informtion available now, as opposed to the spurious claims of the last referendum has convinced me a new referendum is the right thing to do. 
Ariana: What if the UK don’t reach a Brexit deal?Nicki:  
Fears Labour could back second referendum on Brexit as frontbenchers start polling voters on whether we should STAY in EU  
The Welsh Fisherman's Association has warned that crab fishermen could go out of business within a month if customs delays are introduced post-Brexit. The fishing community was promised the ocean but now promises are drying up. We need a #peoplesvote 
Barry, it's Labour's job to protect the most vulnerable and worse-off in society. What evidence do you have that they'll be better off from Brexit? 
Russia has poisoned people on British soil, you utter moron.They've also had a major part in causing Brexit, which is about to ruin Britain beyond recognition.Do the world a favour, stop talking.  
In other news...Brexiters: claiming a hard border in Ireland could lead to violence is reckless and fanciful Project Fear!Also Brexiters: You'd better not mess with our People's Holy Hard Brexit Mission or there will be trouble like you never imagined! 
Ben, you should ask yourself why the only people campaigning for a second referendum are the ones who lost the first.Precious few Leave Voters seem to be clamouring for the right to change their mind!Labour must try to heal the divide not make it deeper.  
The latest news from the NHS shows that we simply cannot risk this botched Brexit. @jeremycorbyn won't take a stand - but you can. Add your name if you want to #ExitfromBrexit and protect our NHS: 
The November elections are not a referendum on @POTUS , they are a referendum on whether America surrenders to Putin and organized crime. Do we want our representatives to represent America in coordination with our allies or do we want them to kneel before the Russian mob? 
This morning, I voted for the county’s $2.5 billion bond referendum for important flood  mitigation projects. Together with the city’s Rebuild Houston proposition in November, and as we mark 1-year since #Harvey, our area is on its way to becoming stronger and more resilient. 
GARDINER: Second referendum could lead to civil disobedience.“We have to respect the people’s vote in that referendum. We told them we would, we must do it.” 
Labour.  This is YOUR Int Trade Secretary who has a very different agenda to the majority of you.If you do not do something pretty radical now he, Corbyn & Milne will deliver Brexit because they don’t believe YOU will take adverse action if they do.They are Brexit cowards  
Exclusive: Britain extends lead as king of currencies despite Brexit vote  
We need to give the people of Britain a meaningful vote on the #Brexit deal, says @MagicMagid #PeoplesVote 
Don’t you ever stop crying  Rolling Eyes  Maguire. We had Referendum, we voted leave the EU won vote. Get it through your thick skull. All your scaremongering won’t work, on 17 million voted leave. Kevin Maguire does for journalism what Giant Haystacks did for gymnastics. 
How about we just have Brexit? Ending free movement, implementing a skills based immigration system, and taking back control of decision making powers by leaving single market & customs union  
Marking the 50th anniversary of the first Civil Rights march from Coalisland to Dungannon, Sinn Féin MEP @M_AndersonSF said Brexit threatens the rights of citizens  
Farage thinks Boris and Mogg are answer to brexit Negotiations We need thunderbird sAt least you can see their strings attached And more sense And the endings are more believable than Tories one 
I am NOT:racistfascista xenophobeI did NOT:do any research before the referendumknow what I was voting forI:was complacenttook the EU for grantedI DO:believe a functioning democracy allows us to change our mindsI do NOT:want #BrexitI WANT:a #PeoplesVote 
You can't 'overturn a referendum' any more than you can change what you ate for dinner last week. It happened - that was the result on the day.What matters is recognising that a referendum is JUST AN OPINION POLL.And today we may have a different opinion. 
This is the leaked letter from NHS Providers to NHS heads.The Government have left over 200 trusts completely in the dark about Brexit plans. “Radio silence” as everyone is expected to stockpile without any coordination.  
NHS fears over no-deal Brexit highlight risk to patients, Labour says  
State of this:Kate Hoey quoting Brexit Central, quoting Barry Gardiner. With an Opposition like the current one, we are totally screwed.  
Not a day passes without a major business/sector calling out that #Brexit is going to seriously damage the UK. Yet Mrs May crashes on.Does she really think everyone else is wrong and she has some divine insight. How is she ignoring all the evidence? What is wrong with her? 
And this is from someone who dislikes referendums, does not want another referendum, and does not oppose Brexit in principle.Just a simple truth: electorates in any democracy are entitled to change their minds.Obvious, really. 
Oh dear !Because the voters are thinking about it & watching you very carefully Liam ?I can see that might make you uncomfortable .BTW how are your personal #Brexit expenses ratcheting up ?You know - the ones we pay for !  
Any referendum can be either democratic or irreversible, but not both.Just as no parliament can bind a successor, it follows that no electorate can do either.The 2016 referendum does not and cannot bind the UK absolutely.Any democracy can change its mind. 
Would you buy a #Brexit from Jacob Rees-Mogg?He dismisses Treasury forecasts as "soothsaying", but can't get enough of Minford's overly-optimistic-to-the-point-of-being-irresponsible #Brexit forecasts, even though they're always debunked by the pros!#StandUp2Brexit #FinalSay 
First Brexit came for financial services, and I did not speak out, because I didn’t work in financial services.Then Brexit came for NHS, pharmaceuticals, agriculture, car production, manufacturing, creatives, airlines etc., and I did not speak out.Then Brexit came for my job.  
We've got somebody negotiating Brexit who is weak and won’t control our borders, time to get behind @LeaveMnsLeave. 
The Tories are so afraid of BrexitJust like the Poll Tax before it Brexit is going to become so hated by the British people that they will dump their leader and their policy quicker than you can say "Didn't see that on the side of a big red bus" 
It’s time to choose between a Conservative Brexit or a UKIP Brexit - my piece on @ConHome explaining why I believe we need to take #EFTA as an off-the-shelf pathway to a FTA w EU. (+ cease “FreeMovement” eligibility to welfare to prevent welfare tourism): 
As a lawyer I rather like facts and evidence. This has plenty of both. Is it a Twitter algorithm or why else am I finding no similar exposition from pro Brexit lobby ?  
Ooh, what do we have here? Only Liam Fox telling @LBC this morning that the UK could exercise the kind of restrictions on free movement that other EU countries do across the board!Hardliners can scream and scream until they’re sick, but we’re having a soft Brexit or no Brexit  
These Brexiters are like children .. "they made me do it"  .. take responsibility for your own actions. Brexit is an unholy mess , it's getting worse day by day and it is the Brexiters fault, no one else, you did it with your fair hand.  
The red X is know as the #crosstika #crosstikas I’ll let you make your own mind up on wether this is a cult or not. Always pro Brexit, it appears.  
Exclusive: Britain extends lead as king of currencies despite Brexit vote  
We’ve respected the referendum. We’ve pursued all avenues and discovered they will all leave all of us - the poor in particular - worse off. I suggest that you politicians now grow a spine and say that you won’t allow the poor to suffer on your watch, and, yes, turn back. 
The BBC News/Politics should be closed down for their extreme,e left wing anti-Brexit bias . It's disgusting.  via @MailOnline 
Doctors repeat warning of no  deal #Brexit being “potentially catastrophic” for the NHS, after Farage attacked them. People are entitled to their own views but not their own facts. What is the price for Brexit that people are willing to pay?   
If we ‘vote as the UK’ in general elections and Brexit referendums, but don’t get what we vote for in either but get what our larger neighbour wants, what’s the point  of voting at all? 
Its seems to be increasingly likely that a Second Referendum/ #peoplesvote is going to happen. If so, this referendum needs to be based on factual information!In any ref.we need to allow 16+17 year olds to vote as it will affect us most. #votesat16 #Brexit 
We've now reached "Peak Barnier." I explain here why the EU Brexit negotiator has played his hand well, but now has competition and is running out of cards.  #EU #Brexit 
How Brexit could slam the British pound for a second time  
BRITAIN'S FOREX VOLUMES UP 23 PERCENT SINCE 2016, DEFYING BREXIT CONCERNS - REUTERS ANALYSIS 
This is shocking. Barry Gardiner says that we can't have a #PeoplesVote on the alternative to the EU that Theresa May is imposing, because THE FAR RIGHT MIGHT GET VIOLENT if they don't get the Brexit they want.I am speechless.  
Democracy Demands Brexit.Join thousands of other new recruits and stand up #ForTheNation  
BBC News - Brexit: Fears shell fishermen 'will not survive' no deal.If only someone could have warned us...... #FBPE 
#Brexit failed!People aren't changing their minds. They're learning, MAKING UP their minds, using new validated information. 52% asked Gov to come with a plan to leave the EU. They now know Leave .eu, Legatum,IEA,UKIP,DUP & tabloids were lying for #ProjectTreason.#PeoplesVote 
My BBC interview about the letter @NHSProviders has sent the Government on the devastating impact on our #NHS of a hard #Brexit or no deal & the complete absence of contingency planning.  
44% of Brits say Brexit is “an historic mistake” in Sun poll (but you’ll have to look hard in the paper to spot it)  
I think with this majestically brilliant thread @JasonJHunter just won Brexit outright. Let's close all further discussion now and call the whole thing off.  
#Exeter voted Remain. I’ve always made clear my position on #Brexit & was re-elected last year with a record 62% of the vote. #brexitshambles #PeoplesVote 
Make no mistake, Corbyn is against a #PeoplesVote because it would personally put him under pressure. He'd either have to openly marginalise himself within the party by supporting Brexit, or admit that his strategy of the last 2 years has been a disaster by supporting Remain. 
They also piss and moan that it will "split the Brexit vote", while in the same breath insisting that 17.4m people all voted for exactly the same thing.It's illogical to the point that it hurts my brain. 
Today some of my sweetest, cleverest friends are emigrating because of Brexit.  I shall miss them.  But their loss to history & science in the UK is worse still.  Grim. 
So we're told that some Brexit voters could be angry, or it'll fail to solve divisions, or - and this is rather over-egged I think - that there'll be civil disobedience. 
Yet another piece of detailed analysis from @JasonJHunter on the benefits of EU membership. So Remainers have experts who deal in facts while it's all 'will of the people' and 'spirit of the referendum' on the other.  
On Brexit, we are heading towards the worst of both worlds. My latest @theipaper column: 
“I feel more strongly about this now than I did at the time of the referendum back in June 2016” Nigel Farage is returning to politics to challenge Theresa May's Brexit plan . How are those open borders working for #Europe ? #TuesdayThoughts#Buildthewall #KAG#Trump2020 
Listening to arch-#Remainer Ben Bradshaw MP calling for a 2nd referendum and trotting out food, medicine, and other scares after #Brexit, reminds me of "The Milennium Bug" when planes were forecast to fall out of the sky etc when computer clocks ticked over to 01:01 01,01,2000. 
Second Brexit referendum would lead to civil disobedience, Labour front-bencher warns  
RT far and wide.and do follow @JasonJHunter chief destroyer of Brexit bullshit  
I think the poverty and disruption following Brexit present a much greater and more extended opportunity to the extreme right than a #PeoplesVote on the deal. 
 Brexit enabler @jeremycorbyn now says he’s ‘quite frightened’ by the idea of medicines having to be stockpiled ahead of no deal. 
Many EU workers not coming back next year. Disaster, no wonder Mrs May wants people to stockpile food. We need to Stop Brexit and demand a People’s Vote.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
How's that going? Freedom? Hard Brexit/WTO = at the mercy of the unelected WTO. Soft Brexit with trade deals = at the mercy of people like Trump. Political control? You do know that we have always had that sovereignty - even the Tories acknowledged that in the White Paper!! 
New leak reveals the extent of the #Brexitchaos that a no-deal #Brexit would cause in 84 areas of life in #Britain: via @alexGspence 
Respect your views Judy but feel Corbyn has been too passive on Brexit, particularly since it was proven that the ref was illegally influenced by vote leave's overspend. He should be fighting furiously for a democratic #PeoplesVote 
Not having a second referendum because it will upset the far right is the worst joke I've heard today. He is effectively saying that peaceful protests and debate (by remainers) is meaningless and that only the threat of violence (by ultras) can influence political decisions. 
What of the "social unrest" that might result from Brexit if there's not a People's Vote? Would that kind of social unrest be more acceptable? I think not. Also, if you're running scared of the right-wing, you've already ceded power to them. Woeful analysis from @BarryGardiner 
Join us as we begin our first initiative - a twelve week series to discuss and build new versions of the EOS constitution, to be voted on by the community.Constitution Referendum Series — Week 1 -  #eosio #blockchain @EOS_io @brockpierce 
'Brexit bad boy' tells leavers 'stick two fingers up at Brussels' and OUST Theresa May  
I am so sick of this. You can argue about whether a referendum is necessary, ill-advised, too soon, etc.But don't claim that an act of democracy undermines democracy.  
This is the result of the botched #Brexit being dumped on everyone's doorsteps  
The foreign secretary is right to warn of the geo-strategic risks of no-deal Brexit. Crashing out would undermine relations with the EU, our relevance to US and damage the UK itself. 
Everything in that tweet is a lie. Starting with “the UK, or the Brexit camp, never made that argument”. The UK not only made that argument, but made it officially and legally and secured an exemption from any bail out. But I suspect you know all this. You’re simply a shyster. 
Understandably this is v common sentiment in UK. But Brexit is a process, not an event. There's unlikely to be a 'finished product'  
The Beeb and an illusion of balance I agree @Baghdaddi that BBC coverage of Brexit is direPlease take on board that its coverage of Corbyn is even worse 
“It is not too late to save #Brexit ...We must try now, because we will not get another chance to get it right” @BorisJohnsonAsk your MP to #StandUp4Brexit and reject #Chequers You can find their email address here:  
I know some great supporters of the BBC who no longer believe a single word of what the channel says. Some NO voters in 2014 that since the Brexit campaign do not want to hear about the BBC And every day we see more and more samples of its manipulation and its bias. Terrible  
That's the problem Chuka, @jeremycorbyn has positioned @UKLabour alongside UKIP & right wing conservatives on Brexit, he can't run with the Fox & hunt with the Hound, Labour Party needs to distance itself from Brexit by backing a democratic  #peoplesvote 
Commonsense from @BarryGardiner  Labour's Internat Dev spokesman who says 2nd referendum  will be a kick in teeth for democracy 
What?! Liam Fox complaining that too many press questions on Brexit. He’s literally the head of a Brexit department. And he’s saying no deal is 60-40  
Liam Fox's post-Brexit ambitions are for Britain to become a "21st Century exporting superpower" - this is after the economy crashes, workers rights are stripped away and wages are set to undercut the rest of the world... #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote 
Without #FBPE that would never have been given any traction by ppl like you , who simply dismiss anything considered anti Brexit. #FBPE is effective which is why ppl seek to libel & discredit us . It's so sad to see a giant of political reporting as you stoop to this level. 
If it was clear what we were voting for then they should really be able to give us a detailed and viable plan as to how Brexit will actually work.But they won't, because the likes of Lucy Harris have the same amount of economic nous as a lobotomised goat.It's insulting.  
No Andrew that just won't do. I & many 1000's across Europe use FBPE. You & MSM told me I didn't exist ( we're  all leavers now ), that we were remoaners , saboteurs ,unpatriotic , traitors & worse . Brexit is fraudulent , economic & geopolitical suicide. 
And look how well* that has turned out for Scotland. Our GE voters are ignored, and our Brexit votes are ignored.*Badly  
Sadly, we hear from artists and arts workers all the time who are afraid to publically support Brexit.Some want to support Brexit despite having voted Remain, either as they have changed their views, or simply as they are democrats.Tragically, many are afraid to speak freely.  
Just imagine. You would deny the people a choice. You are either an anti-democrat or a fool. Or perhaps you are simply safeguarding your position in Corbyn's Tory-backing Brexit cabinet, hoping one day to step into Ministerial office? 
Just imagine @BarryGardiner that this country is thrown into economic chaos and terminal decline as a result of a referendum beset with unlawful practices invalidating its outcome.  
There are signs that the EU27 as a whole has softened its stance since we last measured this, partly owing to the resolution of some of the most contentious issues (e.g. Brexit bill). Read our (free) analysis on it here:  
The EIU's Europe team has constructed an index measuring EU member states' positions on the core issues related to #Brexit, as defined by the UK government in its Chequers plan  
The Tory establishment wants to deny its grassroots the opportunity to elect the most popular candidate in a leadership election.Join the party, get involved with your local association & help elect a Brexiteer to ensure Brexit means Brexit, not Remain!  
UK trade minister - EU risks hurting image with Brexit handling: Sky News  
Haha how pathetic is this. One is about my wife, another about myself and a third is when I lost the rag after Brexit and called Theresa May a stupid C, which I’ve already apologised for. Useful to be able to show this desperate stuff to you lot though.  
If the Commons is deadlocked on #Brexit - it is -and there is no consensus on how to leave the EU (given Brexit as it was sold by Boris & co is undeliverable), the only option is for the people to decide what happens next. It’s called democracy and it did not end in June 2016. /2 
omg brexit ruining the economy etc etc 
Gardiner: "It would be wrong to try to stop Brexit by holding another referendum because that would appear undemocratic." But upholding a result obtained through cheating and criminality isn't? Absolutely farcical statement from Gardiner. 
“Ireland had to vote twice” on the Lisbon treaty, says pro-Brexit UK MP (and until recently a Brexit minister). Actually Ireland chose to vote again after negotiating changes to the treaty, and the Irish electorate voted in favour on a higher turnout.Is that undemocratic?  
Sorry Barry Gardiner, but what could be more divisive than politicians forcing a damaging Brexit deal, which you yourself concede will threaten jobs and public services, onto the British people without giving them any say over the terms? 
Things Brexiters no longer say £350M for NHSImmigration will go downUK will be better offEasy trade dealsTurkey are joining the EUBrexit hurts the EU more than usThings Brexiters do say now UK might be ok in 50 yearsIt won’t be Armageddon Remoaners are to blame 
As Labour members @BarryGardiner, we feel the route to democratic change in our Brexit policy has been over ruled by the executive and then systematically blocked. The Brexit people will get will be nothing like the promises, it's disheartening this is ignored and undemocratic.  
#wedeservebetter than:* sending women who need abortions out of the country* banning same-sex couples from marrying* treating our indigenous language like a terrorist plot* Brexit foisted on us against our willOne can't put a gov't together by avoiding what collapsed it. 
My colleague @WajidKhanMEP makes a strong case for @UKLabour to explicitly back a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal :  via @labourlist 
This 'Little Englander' Tory mentality is what is driving the #Brexit shambles:  The UK is truly gubbed. Fortunately Scotland has the escape route of independence! 
I see that the England 2nd innings is going well in the sense that Brexit is going well... 
Second Brexit referendum would lead to civil disobedience, Labour front-bencher warns  
Labour's @BarryGardiner comes out against a second referendum  
Will you #StandUp4Brexit whilst you’re over there Dom?#Chequers is not #Brexit  
The deal that would make arch-Brexiteers happy does not exist, because it is impossible.Thus, if there is a deal, they will frame it as "betrayal of Brexit by government"If there is not a deal, they will frame it as "betrayal of Brexit by Brussels"  
We are putting forward a motion to @ExeterCouncil urging cllrs to back a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. The EU referendum was the beginning of a democratic process, not the end of one.  
Released today, actual UK export stats: £274bn in exports to EU 44.5% of exports to EU EU exports increased in value by 13.9% outstripping non-EU growth Services account for 44.8% of exports EU single biggest market for servicesFox still backs 'no deal' Brexit.  
Interesting to hear Rona Fairhead (now a Tory peer) give an unconvincing @bbcr4today performance on UK Government #Brexit readiness. Previously she was the Tory appointee for BBC chair. I questioned her on how she came to be nominated. She withdrew soon afterwards. @CommonsCMS 
Striking that most of those saying 'EU will be responsible if there's no deal' are the same people who actively want a no deal Brexit. Almost as if preparing the narrative....  
Threats that there would be “shortages of food, fuel and medicine within two weeks of Brexit” are reminiscent of Tony Blair’s claim of “weapons of mass destruction in 45 minutes”. 
'The sheer volume of jobs at risk....' this is @BarryGardiner before he decided to sign up to Labour's inherently bonkers 'jobs first' Brexit - and who now wants to deny the people a vote on the final deal  
When you tell us how leaving the EU is going to persuade the government to fix what it has failed to fix so far, then you might be worth listening to. Comparative economics exposes the lies in Brexit.  
A 2nd referendum cannot be had before March (check your parliament's rules), which means either a terrible Checkers-like deal or a calamitous hard Brexit. A general election is the only chance we have for a better outcome, as long as it places Jeremy in 10 a Downing Street 
Anybody who is wanting to avoid a no deal #Brexit listen to this. The Labour leadership does not support your cause, they will help throw us off the no deal cliff.  
Post-Brexit we’ll be so desperate to trade with anybody that it won’t just be animal rights that we’ll sacrifice  
Just one big problem Dominic. You're not in charge of Brexit negotiations. You're just the errand boy. Remainer May is setting the agenda. Whatever you agree, she will undo. She needs to go. 
.@vincecable says the trade target suggested by Liam Fox is "meaningless" and has been "pulled out of thin air". He warns "relying on a mirage of trade deals with parties outside the EU is at best a gamble, at worst fantastical." #FinalSay #ExitfromBrexit #Brexit  
Dominic Raab is off to Brussels today, to try and piece together what’s left of the Tories’ Brexit negotiations.But who exactly is Theresa May’s new Brexit secretary?  
What part of “Brexit” don’t you understand? 
This "I'm a man of the people 'and anti establishment that keeps on being spouted from the lips of Nigel Farage is nauseating, how can a rich hard right #Brexit loving home counties city trader ever be a man of the people? He's rich, he's immune from Brexit, wake up people ffs. 
"I voted Leave, Brexit's a disaster, but there's been a referendum, so let's just get on with it." Like someone diagnosed with terminal cancer booking his trip to Dignitas. The doc then says it's a misdiagnosis." Bloke says, "Too late, I've paid for it, I'm off to kill myself." 
If I was a monstrous human being I’d say, crack on lads, have your No Deal Brexit. You can own the chaos and the deprivation it creates. But I don’t want our country to slide into obscurity and anyone with a scrap of responsibility should be doing everything they can to stop it. 
#Brexit - Best Pub Sign EVER.  
Alliance to Deliver #Brexit"Our message to Govt is clear, Chequers policy needs to change, or Govt needs to change.We have allowed Govt ample time to implement Brexit people voted for 2 years ago.Now it's time to get the #Brexit Band back together."#EU 
The fact that you only get one chance with the gums you’re born with INFURIATES me but I don’t know who to complain to about it. #Brexit 
£350 million a week for the NHS? The reality is that Brexit is putting our healthcare services at risk, when they so clearly need more support.It's not too late. We can #ExitfromBrexit. Add your name today:  
Brexit will be fine, as long as you can be certain you won’t get ill in the next 5-50 years #hardbrexit 
Just to give @TomTugendhat notice - my @TheNewEuropean column this week is about him and the Tory wets who are complicit in Brexit - in the same way they let Thatcher destroy British industry and create ‘two nations’ in the 1980s 
And here's when Farage said 52-48 would be "unfinished business" so he'd fight for a second referendum  #whatssauceforthegooseissauceforthegander 
Really delighted that @drphilhammond is preparing to stand for @NHAparty and against Jacob Rees-Mogg at the next general election. A pro-NHS, pro public services, anti-Brexit all round clever good guy. We need a grassroots alliance to unite the opposition to Tory madness. 
I feel quite strongly on this. It’s not a second referendum. It’s a vote on the final deal that nobody knew about when we all voted 2 years ago. Democracy doesn’t stand still. Parliament have botched it. Back to the people please.  
They don’t. See my exchanges this morning with Tom Tugendhat, an arch Brexit appeaser who is embarrassed to be called out  
Marvellous on how Nigel Farage’s "return" could backfire on the Brexit snake oil salesman from @MatthewdAncona. Wish I'd read it earlier 
Did you see the leaked letter in The Times? The Govt have left our NHS trusts with no help for stockpiling medicines - forcing them "to reinvent the wheel 229 times"83% of docs  say Brexit is bad for NHS. If you're a NHS/health professional, please sign: 
Whatever you feel about Brexit, and as we know, it only inspires calm and lucid debate, comically, this is a brilliant constructed paragraph from @hugorifkind. 
Britain can be a "21st Century Exporting Superpower", Liam Fox expected to say detailing the govnt's post-Brexit ambitionsLast year exports of goods & services rose to a £620 billion record highThe Federations of Small Businesses praised the aspiration  
Businesses are deeply concerned by the prospect of a bad Brexit deal, and a lack thereof.The consequences would be felt by workers and consumers alike. Read why in @ChukaUmunna's column below: 
It only takes a second to sign our petition to stop Brexit borders here.Help us #MakeThemListen Sign and share our petition  
A powerful and passionate argument against a second referendum from @BarryGardiner: “If people feel that the route to change is no longer a democratic route, then you look to social disruption, perhaps civil disobedience… we have to respect people’s vote.” 
For Britain’s pro-European middle classes, Brexit is akin to a psychological trauma which has left many unable to behave rationally and they are acting no differently from those suffering from chronic anxiety caused by loss of control and insecurity.  
I think that’s called going for the man not the ball.  Why not address the issue of why you are consistently voting with the government on Brexit - which is the single biggest foreign & economic policy mistake since Suez?  
We support this coming together of groups who believe in Britain, and our ability to prosper outside of the EU. #Brexit #Chequers #BrexitAdvanceCoalition 
Disgraceful stuff from @BarryGardiner . Over two years have passed since the referendum and it’s more democratic to put the choices back to the electorate in a #PeoplesVote . You are ignoring party members and voters. For the first time since 1970, I will not vote Labour 
Labour - THE CULTURAL APPROPRIATION OF ETHNIC FOODS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST SCANDALS OF OUR TIME. Also A PEOPLES VOTE WOULD UNDERMINE DEMOCRACY AND RISK CIVIL INSURRECTIONAlso There’s nothing we can do to stop Brexit 
UKIP on steroids. Excellent explanation from Barry Gardiner of the consequences of blocking Brexit now. Within weeks, we'd fuel the largest expansion in extreme right wing support in the UK for centuries.   
So, .@BarryGardiner .@jeremycorbyn , by forcing acceptance of a fraudulent referendum result and denying a #peoplesvote , you won't be too surprised if the vote, or even the "civil disobedience", turns against the Labour Party? 
Can this be the @BarryGardiner - warning here of job losses from Brexit- who’s just said there must be no final vote?  
Doesn’t seem to bother Barry that the referendum was corrupt.I wonder if the Tories won an election under those circumstances whether he would be so supportive. 
EXCLUSIVE: Get Britain Out has co-founded the Brexit Advance Coalition.This new Brexit-backing alliance is to ensure the Prime Minister delivers a clean Brexit, which upholds the democratic mandate of the Referendum result. 
When did you agree for the UK to pay into a £410 BILLION EU fund that we will only get maximum 3.6% back from?  (It's called EU membership.)Read astonishing #Brexit Facts4EU summary here:  
.@Nigel_Farage: "We've got somebody negotiating Brexit who is weak."  
Tory shill Sarah Jane Mee "Why is "socialism" such a dirty word to so many people?"...er because of you and many more like you in the Tory MSM/BBC protecting your tax avoiding brexit loving bosses.  How about the "socialism" that gave us the NHS, Education for all etc? @skynews 
Shadow Trade Secretary @BarryGardiner says a second referendum undermines democracy and could lead to "civil disobedience". Full interview:  #r4today 
I've signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal. We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future - SIGN THE PETITION:  #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #brexitshambles #tuesdaythoughts 
You know how Trump's health sec said they plan to intentionally make our (already struggling) NHS pay more for medicines so that Americans pay less in any post-Brexit deal....The does come a point when you're actively helping a (currently) hostile foreign power. 
Whatever questions we ask, however we ask them... this is always the mix of reaction we get. We try & scrutinise all sides of the Brexit debate and factually challenge all guests. Thanks for watching @BBCBreakfast 
Brexit  
Duncan Smith tells Peter Hennessy he voted to join the EU which was very clever of him because we didn't have a referendum on whether to join the EU. The 1975 referendum took place when we were already a member. #R4 
I've created a Brexit vote tracker—explore every vote of the House of Commons on #Brexit-related legislation, with- result visualization- link to Hansard report- link to video#opendata #hansard #ddj #scrollytelling 
Brexiters in their non-Brexit jobs are united by incompetence + bad judgement. Think Johnson (what foreign policy?),Grayling ( Birmingham  prison),Howard (prison works), Leadsom(!),Patel(forced resignation), Davis( bone idle), Duncan-Smith(universal credit).And-belief in Brexit! 
Liam Fox "promises" £100 billion export boost.This from a man who has been around the world in 80 days & as yet has not negotiated a single trade deal.The Tories have completely messed up Brexit.We must have a trade arrangement with the EU.Only LAB would achieve this. 
Sometimes the signal is the noise. How Brexit and Corbynism ushered in paranoid politics. My FT col. via @financialtimes 
Labour ‘finished’ if it becomes an accomplice to Brexit.  
'The Future of UK #Borders after #Brexit' A public seminar in @QUBelfast in assoc. with @UKiCENext Friday 31 Aug 1-3pm.Presentations from @FortinusGlobal @ShankerASingham & yours truly, followed by Q&A.Registration is free (& inc lunch) but places ltd. 
Dear @BarryGardiner,It's deeply disappointing to hear you regurgitating the propaganda of Nigel Farage and Jacob Rees-Mogg.A #PeoplesVote is not a re-run of the 2016 referendum. It's a vote on the actual #Brexit deal (or lack of one).#r4today @_Britain4Europe @peoplesvote_uk 
It is essential that @UKLabour back @peoplesvote_uk at next month’s party conference. We must adopt a policy to oppose #Brexit. We need to do this for Britain: for workers, for students, for consumers, for pensioners, for our environment, for our sanity. #StopBrexit @Labour4EU 
Just because you don't believe in facts doesn't mean that facts won't get you. #brexit #measles #climatechange 
Honoured to sign new  bilateral Nuclear Cooperation Agreement with @JulieBishopMP. Will allow us to continue cooperation in peaceful use of nuclear energy when Euratom arrangements no longer apply after #Brexit. #gettingonwiththejob #diplomacy 
How many people agree that Brexit will destroy the NHS? Do you have the exact figure to hand? What was the basis of your research (I haven't personally been asked you see). 
"Brexiters are putting lipstick on a pig by calling a “no deal Brexit” a “clean Brexit”. Voters must not fall for it."  
Any  MP who remotely defends Brexit now we see how rapidly UK is declining is suspect. Brexiter MPs quite frankly are crooks. They know it's not in UK best interest. So when is electorate going to wake up to the conmen & conwomen MPs? @Jacob_Rees_Mogg IDS, Gove, Johnson etc 
Right, forget Trump and the Brexit shambles. The real reason the world is to pot is Nicola Sturgeon. This is what passes for journalism in Scotland.  
As the LibLabCon up the anti in their betrayal, the work continues.   @GerardBattenMEP has been clear: 'Brexit must mean total Exit. Our position is No Surrender.' Democracy Demands Brexit. Join thousands of other new recruits & stand up #ForTheNation 
When @BarryGardiner says giving the public a final say on Brexit would be “undemocratic”, perhaps he’s missed the bit about #PeoplesVote being...a democratic voice for the people. We don’t stop having general elections if Tories win. We shouldn’t deprive public their say on this 
"After Brexit it will be much harder for the UK to trade with the world's biggest market, the EU, - and maybe one day we will be able to trade with the rest of the world as much as Germany (in EU) already does"Résumé of Trade Sec @LiamFox on #SkyNews for those who missed it :) 
Leaked letter between NHS chiefs accuses government of "radio silence" and "mixed messages" on Brexit planning, and warns that current plans threaten pharmaceutical supply chains, disease control, and the NHS' EEA workforceFull letter:  
The government is to issue 80+ no deal papers this week. I predict they'll show that after #Brexit the UK be accepting present and future EU regulations across all areas of public administration, without any ability to shape them. That is not Independence. That is not Brexit. 
.@BarryGardiner effectively saying on #r4today that we have to trash our country with Brexit to stop right-wing xenophobes from rioting. FFS.What is the point of @UKLabour? Absolute joke. 
Barry Gardiner very punchy on the need to respect the referendum reault. Warns of civil disobedience if there is a second vote. He’s been overruled before but hard to see how the Labour front bench backs people’s vote 
Appalled to hear Labour's spokesman @BarryGardiner dismissing the idea of a final say on the deal. Not democratic apparently. Labour Front bench continue to aid and abet Tory #Brexit #FBPE 
I’m afraid Barry Gardiner in defending #Brexit whatever the cost on @BBCr4today on democratic grounds completely ignores the democratic right of the people to change their minds #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote 
Why do we have to “respect” a referendum result obtained by lawbreaking, @BarryGardiner ?#r4today 
Maria from Pussy Riot defied her travel ban from Russia to play with her  group in Newcastle last night. Managed to have a chat about link  between Putin and Brexit and she supported our campaign + posed with  anti-brexit stickers here, top left! The crowd went wild for them too! pic.twitter.com/xFylL7Y0AU 
Gavin Esler - The #brexit bunch are so incompetent.. they don't know what they're doing & they can't even agree amongst themselves.. there are still different brexit versions even now.. so the only way to get off this hook is to have a #PeoplesVote#FBPE pic.twitter.com/Q7beHoR0Ow 
Today we announce the coming together of leaders from @GetBritainOut @tfa4freedom @BrugesGroup @bowgroup @ParlStreet @BritishOverseas @reignitebritain @ToryGrassroots & others in the #BrexitAdvanceCoalition to undersign the below principles & secure the #Brexit people voted for!:  
Anyone listening to Rona Fairhead on @BBCr4today will have a sense of the utter hopelessness of UK's post Brexit position. To know our future is in the hands of someone like this chills the blood. The project is doomed and the people implementing it are plainly useless. 
It is impossible to capture the scale of the steelworks at Redcar or the sense of sadness that it now lies silent and cold. It is no wonder people around here voted Leave. Whatever happens with Brexit the status quo for post-industrial communities like this cannot be an option.  
Big story of the day. Theresa May far too busy with Brexit to worry about the young - particularly those not going to uni, with vocal middle class parents  
As if the NHS doesn’t have enough to do - now they are facing this - thanks to the Brexit Bunch.                                     Brexit: NHS managers warn about impact of no deal  
Shocking to hear our foreign secretary @Jeremy_Hunt defending Trump’s attacks on the rules-based world orderThis is where Brexit vulnerability leaves us: having to cosy up to fascists#StopBrexitSaveBritain #r4today 
Yeah. I think Scotland will pass on the ‘clear’ choice between one UK party of a disastrous Brexit or another UK party of a disastrous Brexit. #fortheleaving 
Over 650,000 people have signed our petition calling for a #FinalSay on Brexit - add your name here  
‘There is no “after Brexit” because the revolution can never be finished; the old order cannot be allowed to survive. Nationalist vultures are already circling over the limp, motionless body of Tory moderation.’ Fantastic piece from @rafaelbehr 
With respect, Martin, if the Lib Dems hadn’t double crossed the electorate and propped up this cruel tory govt in 2010, we would have suffered from neither Austerity nor Brexit. Let that sink in! 
Brexit is the greatest threat to the UK since WW2. It is my duty as a voter to vote against it.  That rules out Conservative and Labour, hence I back the Lib/Dems as there are no SNP candidates in England. My MP is arch-traitor Bill Cash. 
Talking to @BBCBreakfast about supplying the NHS with medicines after a no-deal Brexit, @markgdayan said we should ‘draw a distinction between claims of ‘Project Fear’ and this. These are concrete problems for the NHS because we already know the consequences of a no-deal’ 
NHS unprepared for no-deal Brexit, leaked letter warns  
Fascinated by how some seem to think it is ok that the Brexit referendum was based on Electoral Law being broken. It was based on cheating. Are we really all happy to just let this happen? Where to next, if this is accepted? #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw#PeoplesVote 
2 years later & instead of 350 million a week for the NHS, the prospect of medicine shortages & even less staff [for an already grossly understaffed NHS] become a reality. The public were sold lies with Brexit. Time for a #PeoplesVote#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
I’d be interested to know how many UK citizens are permanently leaving the country to start a new life in the EU due to Brexit, directly or indirectly. I left two months ago, couldn’t wait to get away from the UK. 
Welsh fishermen realise they were fed a pack of lies by brexiteersIf Westminster government is preparing for a #NoDeal Brexit, demand a people’s vote @Plaid_Cymru 
Chief exec @NHSProviders Chris Hopson: "entire supply chain of pharmaceuticals could be adversely affected" in the event of a "no deal" or "hard" Brexit.He warns "public health & disease control coordination could also suffer"Brexit is bad for your NHS. 
The Tory establishment is running scared Join the Conservative Party to have a say in the upcoming leadership election and save Brexit!  
'There are people out there that believe in Brexit. Can you believe we’ve got a Prime Minister that voted Remain? It’s bizarre.'@Nigel_Farage gives his views on #Brexit on @GMB 
With Brexit dominating the headlines, this video is a good summary of some of the many other things the Govt is doing to deliver a stronger, brighter future  
Another devastating summary from pro-Brexit Facts4EU about EU membership.  Can you help to spread this #Brexit news widely?Summary news report is here:  
Many remainers are confused why Leavers are actually ramping up hatred of EU so much - even after #brexit won, even now.But its logical. The point is leave voters have to be encouraged to hate the EU more than they hate the consequences of Brexit. Otherwise they’ll blame them. 
In a leaked email to @NHSEngland boss Simon Stevens, @NHSProviders says leaving the EU without agreement would immediately be a real risk to #NHS services.Another reason why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal (or no deal). @peoplesvote_uk. 
Who really believes that a no-deal Brexit could close UK airports?Heathrow, that's who. And they've borrowed A BILLION POUNDS to prepare for the consequences.Project Fear? Money talks, and £1bn says this is real.   via @FT 
It is not just Prison Ministers who have been asleep at the wheel.  @Jeremy_Hunt and @DavidDavisMP were napping in office when they should have been preparing for a No Deal #Brexit and medicine and medical device shortages. #FBPE 
There is a serious article to be written about derangement among pro & anti-Brexit ultras. This condescending thinkpiece isn't it. 
On @BBCr4today - report that 200 NHS trusts have written to government, saying they have been left alone to struggle with “no deal” Brexit planning.Could be a complete mess for medicines supply, they say.No comment from government. 
You want to know what Brexit means? Brexit means tax avoidance.  
Remainer “@PhilipHammondUK told to water down Treasury plans for a no-deal #Brexit amid concerns that they bore similarities to Project Fear Government sources said.”They ARE Project Fear though, just like the @George_Osborne nonsense last time  
Hospitals are in danger of running out of drugs in a chaotic no-deal Brexit, NHS trusts have privately warned  
Liam Fox to offer UK firms help to export more after Brexit.The Federation of Small Businesses say Fox's latest daft idea is "strong on aspiration", or in layman's terms, he's away with the fairies.  
Can the City of London survive Brexit? Banks are preparing for the worst and are pretty sure they'll lose much of their freedom to trade with the EU  
NHS leak warns of Brexit drug shortages and disease risk  
What the Conservative leadership fear most , at the moment,  is a grassroots rebellion. 70% of Conservative members voted to leave & we aim to help them. There is a leadership contest on the way and that is where the battle for Brexit will be fought ....  
How dare the people want to overturn the will of the people?A new democratic vote would be undemocratic!The people have spoken! Shut up, you people!Brexit means Brexit! No, we won't tell you what that means.No deal is the best outcome. But we're sure of getting a deal... 
Mart is a #remainernow whose tweets I have shared before and here he makes a great point about the importance of the 12.5 million abstainers from the EU Referendum and we need a #peoplesvote for them as well for regretful leavers.Indeed @mart2000. Respect. 
Can the Anglo-Aussie sphere lead trade, business and cultural ties post-Brexit? Your chance to hear @TonyAbbottMHR @Nigel_Farage @StevenCiobo @afneil  and a terrific panel at The Spectator Anglo-Aus Forum 
'Make Britain WIN again!' BREXIT ALLIANCE vows to deliver FULL exit... or OUST Theresa May  
NHS drug shortages instead of that £350m lie would’ve produced a different referendum result. Discussing Brexit nightmares on @gmb in a mo 
Once again...!Brexit with a deal is a HARD BREXIT! It will still cause a huge economic hit and probable chaos at the ports and airports. Unemployment and inflation will soar.No-deal is not 'hard Brexit' - it is national suicide. 
Brexit could mean chaos for Irish trade, too  
Logic or consistency in their arguments has never been the strength of Brexiteers. They never let facts or inconvenient details stand in the way of a good Brexit argument. Part of the huge deceit in selling Brexit to the electorate. 
3 people shot at a London tube station but #Skynews is ignoring that and just continuing #Brexit project fear, all hospitals will simultaneously explode on March 29th or something. 
‘The options for reviving a liberal, one-nation school of Toryism are to fight the extremist takeover, or carry the flame elsewhere to a different party. Sitting tight, waiting until “after Brexit”, is an act of … political suicide.’  
London's fight to remain a financial hub after Brexit  
Tell me in 5 simple words how your pet inspires you to be a better person: 1)2)3)4)5)#DearMishu #inspirational #Referendum  
In a world where key decisions are being made on the basis of slogans, and where truth is treated as an awkward inconvenience, a QC explains that WTO will provide no easy solution after what is now being called a clean Brexit  
All British MPs of all parties should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves for allowing a yes/no referendum on such a complex and far reaching subject as Brexit. 
This is the #women who openly lobbied  for #Uber in a time of #austerity ? Let’s not forget #Uber are domiciled in #Holland for #Tax reasons and the PM's husband's investment firm has paid NO corporation tax in 8 years #TaxReform #Brexit #EmmaAbuthnot #Torys #TuesdayMotivation pic.twitter.com/MyJIRdQtS6 
Brexit: lawyers at large - Peretz is not wrong in what he says on the WTO but the case has yet to be made in the legacy media as to precisely why the WTO Option will be quite so harmful. For that, a lawyer is probably the wrong person to ask...  #Brexinfo. 
45k sealed indictments for #Hillary & gang: #FBI #CIA #DoJ #house #congress #Whouse #PEDOWOOD #FakeNews #SiliconValley #Brexit #MI5 #GCHQ #steele #EUisaFoe#QAnon bringing #TheStorm@POTUS @RealJamesWoods@BreitbartNews@WestmonsterUK@Nigel_FarageTrust the plan #WWG1WGA 
Experts have claimed that Brexit has triggered an extreme psychological disorder among obsessed Remainers. Psychologists say these Remainiacs are acting no different than those suffering from chronic anxiety caused by complete loss of control and insecurity. Nutters all of them. 
'Make Britain WIN again!' BREXIT ALLIANCE vows to deliver FULL exit... or OUST Theresa May. About time brexiteers woke up to the treachery of May and the antics of remain.   
Thesis: In the medium term,Russian support for Trump and Brexit has made war with Moscow more likely as the Anglosphere will violently lash out once the irreparable damage it has suffered is fully taken into account. 
When constantly overruled in each UK wide vote, frustration and self determination grows.  Becoming Indy will be no bigger a turmoil than Brexit has become.  So might as well go whole hog and aim for Indy (and rejoin the membership that is the EU) Restore access to SM CU and FoM 
No need to bully them, they're doing it willingly now they see the lies & deceits behind an invalidated #Brexit which will rob us of our Rights w/o Consent, our young ppl of their future & damage our country irreparably.The denial of a #PeoplesVote the act of autocrats. #Remain 
The very boring Lord Adonis, Tony Blair’s representative on earth, has said that if Labour becomes an accomplice to Brexit it is finished. I would have thought the opposite was true. But with luck it will split and be finished anyway. 
EU Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici has given hope to Remainers by saying Brexit can be reversed. Over many dead bodies monsieur. The people have spoken and will not be denied. 
Brexit means brexit 
Walter Plumb has taken it upon himself to undermine Utah's medical marijuana referendum, by hook or by crook  
Liam Fox's target for post-Brexit exports is wishful thinking | Larry Elliott  
Brexit could result in 115,000 fewer care workers, finds study  
No, it actually would not. All you would need to do is admit a new state & have the remaining District shrink to just some federal buildings, which is what the 2016 referendum proposed.Congress could assign rump DC's 3 EVs to the national winner until 23rd amendment gets repealed  
That means your elections were neither free nor fair. I’ve voted in both South Africa and Australia and have never seen voting booths so unsecured that people could influence each other this way - not even in SA’s referendum on ending apartheid! 
The people who actually run our #NHS on the ground issue a stark & urgent warning of the impact of a hard Brexit or no deal & of non existent planning #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote 
"CLEAN BREXIT" is double speak.The deception is blatant.Rebranding a "NO DEAL BREXIT" as "CLEAN" won't wash with us...This Orwellian nightmare must end.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
#MakeBrexitGreatAgainPlease support this petition by signing and retweeting as widely as possible.@LeaveMnsLeave#MayMustGo #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit#conservative 
#OneThingBrexit Campaign - excellent video The fantastic contributions I got from young people made their way right into the office of the EU Commission chief Brexit negotiator I made sure their voices were heard  
Only a fool doesn't change his mind when the facts emerge, when he sees he's been lied to, manipulated, conned by rich Leave donors who had nefarious intentions in the referendum. Only a cheat accepts a fraudulant campaign. Brexit is bad for UK; Stop gaslighting the public, Hoey  
Holding a second Brexit referendum would be madness. (My latest newsletter for Reaction)   
YES! I'm just as angry about what ISN'T getting dealt with due to Brexit as I am about the harm Brexit will cause. We need to save our NHS, fund our schools and address the massive inequality in our country. But instead government is playing silly buggers with Brexit. 
Read it and weep.Where's your Jobs First Brexit @jeremycorbyn?What does the party of business have to say about this @theresa_may?How is this Making Britain Great @Nigel_Farage?Proud of yourselves @KateHoeyMP? @frankfieldteam? @gstringermp? 
simplesOne union is a union of equals that doesn't supersede the democratic process in Scotland.The other is not a union of equals that continually supercedes the democratic wishes of the Scottish electorate. Tory gov's we never voted for & brexit. 
'The Tories let Birmingham prison fall apart while they argued about Brexit – which is why Corbyn will win the next election'  
In response to almost every question, the needle fell into the same groove about inequality. No vision or broad view of complex issues. He claimed to be anti-Brexit, but I got the feeling he would have said the opposite if the event had been in Sunderland. 
So if you want an EU benefit which we will throw away through Brexit, how about PEACE across Europ:  it is one of the EUs greatest achievements  
All credit to @LeaveHQ editor @PeteNorth303 for agreeing to sit down with me and a video camera for a Brexit chat on 27th September.   I look.forward to discussing facts and evidence and he even promised no unicorns or fantasy.#perfect *I'm not wearing a tie 
Come on guys, #Brexiteers are hilarious. As self parody goes, they're peerless. Andrea Jenkins, John Redwood Owen Patterson & Peter Bone are absolute side splitters, almost straight out of Monty Python, weapons grade guffawing silliness. It's just that #Brexit is terminally toxic 
Before I retired (2005 as CEO of a USA manufacturer of Sensors) 60% of all manufacturing in UK & Eu was based on the Automotive industry, directly or indirectly. I believe this archive from @mrHickmott should be read by everyone & a hard Brexit will be a catastrophe for the UK. 
"the impact [of a No Deal #Brexit] on fresh food will be particularly disastrous because it is more expensive to bring it in from the rest of the world than from the EU”More expensive food when the poor are already struggling to feed their children??? 
NHS trusts warn 'no deal' Brexit could lead to hospital drug shortages  
Putting Brexit to one side for just one second...How could it ever be a good idea to run prisons for PROFIT? 
Well, in fairness, the NHS struggles every year to prepare for the concept of “winter”, so it’s of little surprise that preparing for Brexit might be a bit of a stretch...  
I spoke to UK businesspeople over the weekend about what they’d really do in a no-deal Brexit. Everyone needs to hear what they said - The Independent  
This is quite extraordinary. Immigration was the 'cold beating heart' and the defining feature of their Brexit.  
People seem to really care about tax fraud from a decade ago If he’s guilty then lock him up. But it’s not a referendum on Trump or anything to do with “Russia Collusion” 
A leaked email and people realise that Brexit is a massive threat to the NHS.Forgive my irritation but I and colleagues in @HealthierIN have been writing about this for months.Why do we bother? 
The Daily Mail will quite literally lead on anything now except Brexit  
British doctors call out Nigel Farage over 'scaremongering' claims in no-deal Brexit row  
Questions for the @Telegraph - When did you decide to join racist sympathiser Farage in the gutter? Why give exposure to a member of LeaveEU who were found guilty of breaking electoral law and are now the subject of a criminal investigation? 
Why are people even bothering to sign the #peoplesvote petition? We all know it’s never going to happen and even if we did get another referendum, England will just fuck us over yet again. (Excuse my language ) 
Nigel is spot on here. Even if Boris Johnson is elected leader he would still have to compromise with Remainers in his party.I'm sure Remainers are also joining the Tories. The only way to ensure independence is to support & vote for a 100% Brexit party. 
This.Two years ago I voted #Remain. I hadn’t thought much about the EU but Leave had no plan and Farage and Boris were embarrassing. I now KNOW from my time on social media #Brexit is an orchestrated concerted attempt on our democracy. We MUST #StandUp2Brexit. Together 
Huge crowd at the Book festival to hear @yanisvaroufakis and @jeremycorbyn discuss Capitalism, Socialism, Brexit, Internationalism, elections, democracy and hope  
Amazing media exposure Lucy is getting as the mouthpiece of ramshackle outfit Leavers of London (LoL). Amazing until you discover Alexander Shayler is their adviser. Alexander used to be a coordinator for Vote Leave and currently works for Kanto Systems, owned by Thomas Borwick! 
You asked for it Northern Ireland and now you have it....@PeoplesVoteNI is here! Let's make our voices heardTogether, we are stronger  Get on board and let's make this happen! Follow @PeoplesVoteNI to get involved #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
‘We conservatives’? This is the David Campbell Bannerman who the Tories didn’t want as a candidate, he defected to UKIP, was given a UKIP MEP seat, then defected back to the Tories. But is was UKIP, without DCB, that got the Referendum. You can’t trust Tories! Never forget that. 
There are 2 types of Socialist. One obsessed by ideology, the other concerned with improving lives. Those in the latter category are gobsmacked that anyone on the left would let Brexit wreck millions of  lives, simply because in 1973 the EEC was seen as free market venture. 
Everyone is entitled to an opinion , most doctors I know voted for Brexit. You are clearly left wing and I didn’t mention your day job !  
Hi @EddieHughes4WN,We hear that you are pro #Brexit. We are too.We dont believe that the #ChequersPlan is Brexit & we are asking MPs to #StandUp4Brexit & reject #Chequers.It would be great to have you on board along with the growing number of MPs who have already backed us. 
“In a leaked email to NHS England boss Simon Stevens, NHS Providers says leaving the EU without agreement would immediately be a real risk to services.”Only way to save NHS? Call for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
May. CuntCorbyn. CuntDavies. CuntGove. CuntJohnson. Cunt Mogg. CuntHoey. CuntFarage. CuntDid I miss anyone?#FBPE#Brexit 
FWIW. It’s not a lie to state something you entirely believe to be true. It simply isn’t. I’m mortified & sorry  that events 2 years later (which I voted against) made my argument obsolete. I agree Brexit makes a strong case for Indyref2. 
Had a dream last night that Jeremy died of a heart-attack, Yvette Cooper became Labour leader, immediately adopted the full IHRA definition, won the General Election, cancelled Brexit, sought closer ties with Europe, stood up to Putin, denounced Trump and fixed my iPod shuffle. 
We might begin with the fact that nothing provides for the first referendum to be binding, and that many who voted "Leave" now admit they did so on information proven to be false. 
Erm. Ok. So. The #Brexit vote was won on lies about migration so now the country can’t have the EEA option - causing a possible no deal economic catastrophe - but now we just effing realized we need migrants so let’s do no deal + migrants and hope no one spots the total cock-up?  
Millions of Brits simultaneously believe Brexit was a historic mistake that will be a catastrophe for the country, and also that we need to go through with it anyways, and even a vote overturning the other vote would be 'cheating'. This country needs therapy. 
Everyone needs to read these grim Brexit predictions – they're Project Reality, not Project Fear  
The NHS says we must Brexit on WTO terms cos....reasons.   
There comes a point where if you still support Brexit, you never really cared about the NHS... 
Brexit: NHS managers warn about impact of no deal  
I think it's the responsibility of the #Brexit team to find its own comedians, rather than blaming the #Remain side for not providing any.God this conversation feels familiar... 
TIMES EXCLUSIVE: Hospitals are in danger of running out of drugs in a chaotic no-deal Brexit, NHS trusts have privately warned  
The fight back against the Establishment Remainers starts here..Sign up to the Leave Means Leave campaign via this link..Don’t miss out on the latest Brexit news..Let’s make sure we all work together and Stand Up 4 Brexit..   
Here's how the chances of a 2nd referendum on Brexit stack up.You need 322 for a majority. The SNP have 35, the minor EU parties Lib-Dem, PC, Green have 17.That makes 52. You need 270 Tory/Labour/DUP rebels plus any independents to make the 322. It's not going to happen. 
Exclusive: Philip Hammond forced to tone down Treasury no deal Brexit plans amid concerns they bore similarities to Project Fear, Govt sources say  
WOW listen to this! Lucy Harris of @LondonLeavers says that there will be a 30 yr economic cost of brexit but apparently people voted for "brexit at any cost".If you or someone you know voted leave but not for 30 yrs of economic harm, speak out be a #remainernow & #StopBrexit 
The most incompetent right wing government in living memory taking the UK over the #Brexit cliff edge & Labour still behind:  Wake up Scotland! 
Brexit is deadlocked. The only way to move forwards is to vote on it and see what the will of the people is now!#peoplesvote 
Actually neither is remotely close to a “series of in-depth reports into the potentially devastating impact of Brexit on Scottish farming and rural communities” as described. Not remotely close. 
Hi @ABridgen Will you #StandUp4Brexit when you return to parliament, joining colleagues like @SteveBakerHW @patel4witham, @andreajenkyns & @bbradleymp in rejecting the #ChequersPlan#Chequers is not #Brexit  
Hi @NadineDorries We’re guessing from this brilliant interview that you agree with us, & the public, that #Chequers is not #BrexitWill you pledge to #StandUp4Brexit & reject Chequers, when it returns to parliament, like your colleagues @SteveBakerHW & @andreajenkyns have? 
Celebrities Prove the #Brexit Battle is Globalists vs Normal People: @jackbuckby —  | #UK #politics 
Jeremy Corbyn claims no deal Brexit is 'UNACCEPTABLE' and Labour will NOT support it. Jezzas support of Terrorists is not acceptable!  
I’m not advocating joining the Conservative Party under Mrs May. If everyone left @UKIP and joined the Tories that would be bad news for Brexit and @Conservatives would be over the moon. pic.twitter.com/I447B6yzZg 
So in this case midterms are less referendum on Trump and more Trump trying to drag stale, unappealing establishment GOPS across the finish line ....  
David Cameron ‘met Sony over Outlander UK release’ before the referendum on Scottish Independence.   
 A guide to #MakeBrexitGreatAgain Join the Tories to have a say in the upcoming leadership election and save Brexit!   
Middle-class Remainers suffering from Brexit Anxiety Disorder are “seeking comfort by demonising the ‘other’” new research findsBut blaming others is only “keeping them going round in circles, constantly talking about #Brexit and winding themselves up”  
Can someone remind this guy about #Brexit & #PeoplesVote by RT this - he seems to have forgotten... 
Millions of Britons died or were injured to keep the UK a free sovereign democracy. They fought to stop Europe ruling over us, to protect our values & to keep Britain British. The political establishment want to betray their sacrifice & destroy UK democracy by preventing Brexit..  
This is what happens from Iraq to the 2008 bank crash when the media and political parties normalise criminal behavior. In 10 years time, it will be the same for those who brought us a Tory Brexit and ruin.  
Tony Blair. Richard Branson. And now the Superdry bloke, whose company paid Indian workers a pittance. The people lining up behind a second Brexit referendum are a rogues' gallery of elitists and self-interested capitalists, writes @Tom_Slater_ 
Can we stop calling it a 2nd referendum please and call it what it is. A vote on the final deal. With an option to remain or leave without a deal. It's the only fair way to do it.#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll 
Dear folk wanting Scotland to demand a peoplesvote to save the UK from Brexit-Scotland wishes you well with what YOU voted for, but we have decided to #DissolveTheUnion & look after OUR interests for a change. After supporting you for decades (to OUR own detriment)you can DO ONE! 
As BBC Scotland's Environment, Energy & Rural Affairs correspondent, I've really enjoyed your series of in-depth reports into the potentially devastating impact of Brexit on Scottish farming and rural communities...oh wait, you haven't done any 
Hi @DeborahMeaden are you aware of the massive spike to Leave at the exact time emails show Vote Leave intended to cheat? This in itself is full justification for a second EU referendum. #PeoplesVote 
This is at almost 700,000 signatures.Please SIGN it , and Please RT it. We need it to reach as many as possible.Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
If you think I’m bearish on Turkey, you should see my forecast for Brexit. 
When I told my seven year old son this, tiny tears formed in his seven year old eyes, and he said he was going to pray extra hard every night that the British people had a final say on the terms of Brexit as that was the least he could do for that brave, brave lady. 
Heathrow prepares for a TWO MONTH SHUT-DOWN as a result of Brexit.  Are we f*cking mad?  
Why we should not fall for the so-called #cleanbrexit (no-deal #Brexit):  
Welcome back D Have you seen this yet ? Ford take £460 MILLION hit on European operations specifically down to Stg after #Brexit Announce they prepared to take DRASTIC action if no deal.FORD ?This just shocking.  
I anaesthetised an elderly lady tonight. She lived during World War 2 and remembered the days of rationing. As I got her off to sleep, her final words were “Make sure the British public don’t return to poverty, and they have a say on the final terms of Brexit”Makes you think. 
JRM says PM to face Commons defeat if she persists with her “surrenderr” White Paper for leaving the EU, adding we need a quick & clean Brexit that delivers on her previous promises, he’s writing an alternative blueprint that proposes a Canada ++ model enabling free trade. 
YouGov poll - and #George_Kerevan - say majority of #SNP voters back a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit_Deal.Not in my Twitter dialogues they don't. But if they do - with respect - I don't think they understand either the arguments or the risk to independence.Either that or I don't! 
HmmJo, how is Mr Vince Cable doing? Indeed how are the Lib Dems doing?Not sure you are wise to sneer at Mr Corbyn, who is the favourite to win the next election.BTW I support a second referendum and I support Corbyn Less sneering from you & others would help 2nd ref cause  
Brexit Anxiety Disorder / Brexit Derangement Syndrome aren't just sarcastic Twitter memes, but a real psychological disorder among Britain's pro-Remain middle-classes. And aren't the symptoms nasty, too? As we notice on a daily basis. . . 
The Customs Union is a racket that defends producers in rich countries against producers in poor countries,to the cost of the poorest consumers in the rich countries.#Moggmentum#Brexit  
Here’s a list of Q’s to help him in the meantime 1. How will the NHS (already 100,00 vacancies) cope as it haemorrhages EU staff2. Where will we get our medical isotopes after #Brexit3. What will happen to reciprocal health arrangements/medical research etcetc  
Would you buy a #Brexit from Michael Gove?He's proposing 'Blind Brexit'. Yep. You read that right. He wants us to Brexit without knowing what we're doing & how much harm it'll cause. Time to ignore him & start listening to experts again!#StandUp2Brexit #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
Just when you thought I’d gone quiet... I’m back and ready for the big Brexit discussions and I see the numbers are swelling  
Oh @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @ChukaUmunna I believe the promise was "Not One Job Lost due to Brexit"Read the attached threadThen tell us when the fight is going to start  
There's something wrong when so many Canadians are governed by false majority governments. It's time for #ProportionalRepresentation where seats in the legislatures reflect what voters actually voted for! Vote for change in the BC referendum#pr4bc #prorep #bcpoli #cdnpoli 
I just don't get how our two main political parties - and some newspapers and one morning Radio 4 current affairs programme, for that matter - don't get the toxicity readings we are all seeing clearly now with Brexit  
Brexit will harm our friends and neighbours in #MiltonKeynes! If you can't give concrete cows a vote (outrageous), at least give one to EU citizens, Brits abroad, and 16 & 17-year-olds so they can have a #FinalSay on Brexit! We mooost have a #PeoplesVote!  
Leaving the EU on WTO terms will pull down the barriers to world trade and cut prices for consumers:  #Brexit 
Out conversational canvassing in Carsie. People now starting to get really concerned about the prospect of a Tory no deal, hard Brexit.  
When yer Da starts talking about Brexit.  
The baffled head scratching from the business boss asked about the what the benefits of brexit are to his company is a precise reflection of the reactions  of business bosses up and down the country watching it  #channel4news #peoplesvote @Channel4News 
Why is Farage on the FBIs person of interest list? What did Farage know about Banks connection to the Russians? Is the massive hit to the UK economy from a no deal Brexit worth it? 
The midterm election is a referendum on truth.Which party believes that truth isn't truth?Which party spreads disinformation like the plague?That party is a threat to democracy, because democracy devolves into chaos when infected with lies. Vote Blue; TRUTH depends on it.  
I've seen brexiters tweeting and retweeting messages of getting all brexiters supporting and voting Tory to ensure brexit happens.Remainers wont vote Labour while ever you dont oppose brexit.. so just who are you appealing to @UKLabour? Who? 
‘No #Brexit is better than any Brexit,’ writes @Suewilson91 today for @Reasons2Remain. ‘The country deserves the right to think again’. Please share her guest article. Link:  #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
“Jobs first Brexit” is such a load of old shit. Utterly meaningless. He might as well be promising Monorails driven by unicorns. #C4News 
I’m glad that lady was rescued after falling off a ship. I’d now like 65 million of us to be rescued from being pushed off the edge of a cliff by the lunacy of Brexit. 
If we backed Brexit in a snap GE knowing:- The country thinks Brexit a mistake- Labour members and voters are majority Remain- Our constituencies are majority Remain- It's bad for the countryWe would inevitably be judged at the ballot box.#Remain 
Why has he switched from Norway/Switzerland to advocating Hard Brexit? Why not be honest with people about the consequences of the difference when he talks about the 'Brexit people voted for' #AskNigel 
Jeremy Corbyn idolises Venezuela - Venezuela today was forced to massively devalue its currency to prevent inflation reaching ONE MILLION PERCENT in the next few weeks. Is this a guy you want in control of Britain and deciding if Brexit is a good idea or not? 
Public backing for Final Say referendum leaps amid division over May's Brexit plans - The Independent  
Britain is already in upheaval over Brexit. But Northamptonshire is foreshadowing another potential fiscal crisis: Local governments drained of resources, cutting services to the bone  
Should EU citizens be given the right to remain under a no-deal Brexit, even if the deal is not reciprocated? #FarageOnLBC 
EU army SHOCK: Britain BACKS plan to JOIN Macron's super-military plan - even after Brexit  
Have to say a huge well done to @StandUp4Brexit in such a short time. Over 5,000 followers. MPs signing up daily. Still a long way to go, but I finally think there’s a campaign that’s committed to delivering Brexit on the trail now.  
London's fight to remain a financial hub after Brexit  
Ah I see. First, the experts were being dishonest and elitist because they weren’t sufficiently “balanced”. Now we need comedians to fulfil their their civic duty by equally lampooning both sides. From experts to comedians: pretty good metaphor for Project Brexit 2016-18. 
One of the huge advantages of EU funding vs UK Government funding is that EU funding tends to be based on clear criteria, creating a level playing field- while UK Government funding often tends to be focussed on electorally important areas (e.g. marginal seats)#Brexit  
Our major airport is planning for two months without flights because of an ill informed referendum vote.You could not make this up. 
Are secound votes a bad thing? The people of Germany voted Hitler to power. Later, without asking them, Hitler passed a law making him a dictator. Had he put that to a second vote, it's unlikely it would have passed. And WW2 may well not have happened. #Brexit #brexitshambles 
Why were you photographed grinning like a tit on referendum night when the pound dropped? 
SITUATION:Woman survives ten hours in sea after "falling" from cruise ship. (Like you do).United get mauled off Brighton.Jamie Oliver's Jerk chicken.Brexit.Not to mention Love Island.But what really puzzles me...Where the fuck has summer gone? 
Good to see the Welsh public waking up....Brexit is a major threat to Wales and its way of Life...Europe has been a good friend to Wales, without its support, life in Wales will be less resourced as London does not prioritise Wales  
Cabinet Office #Brexit Plans Report#nodealbrexit #nodealsurvival 
I’m sure some will remember that what the Brexit Ultras are now scrambling to rebrand as a “clean Brexit” - i.e. a chaotic Brexit with no Withdrawal Agreement - was originally, and much more accurately, called a “Dirty Brexit” around Brussels.Shameless Gaslighting of the public 
I both see what Tony Benn saw and what he couldn't see because he died in 2014.  The referendum made Britain worst not better.  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of PLACES FIRMS WILL GO TO AFTER BREXIT.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
Tuesday is last day of early voting for every registered voters in Harris County to vote on the flood control bond issue referendum. Election day is Saturday. Find where to vote here  @HarrisVotes #HurricaneHarvey 
Growth in support for new EU vote growing daily as econ data terrible. Our manufacturing ind in reverse & fallen to 9th in the world behind France, as £ slumps over #Brexit fears business will not invest in UK. Seeing regretful leavers want chance to change vote #PeoplesVote 
Brexit Minister for the Scottish Government @Feorlean giving an update on Brexit at an open town hall meeting in Dunoon - LIVE VIDEO HERE: 
BREAKING: Appeaser Theresa to Let EU Migrants Stay After ‘No Deal‘ #BrexitEven if the bloc refuses to agree on a trade deal and does not treat British expatriates in the same way. Yes, REALLY The @conservatives are nothing but traitors. 
Let's see how many RTs this can get...Do you want a #PeoplesVote? #Brexit 
I'm a baby-boomer. I grew up in the shadow of WW2. I have a very visceral reaction to anything that I think smells of fascism (and I'm not on the left). But I wonder if the same is true of younger generations.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Appeaser Theresa to Let EU Migrants Stay in Britain, Draw Unemployment Benefits After ‘No Deal’ Brexit  via @BreitbartNews 
Met up with an ex-chorister last week. We got to talking about #Brexit. He confirmed in forthright terms the anger of his generation that we have taken their future hostage. 
In the year since German election brought another Grand Coalition, support for Greens (+5 points to record high) is up by more than double the increase for radical right AfD (up 2 points). Yet media attention is all on AfD. Because "populism/Trump/Brexit/crisis" is the narrative 
Brexit is like when you can't solve a Rubik's cube so you take it to bits and that doesn't work so you take all the stickers off but they won't stick back on, so everyone can see you tried to kid yourself and just made a fucking mess, but you live your life in denial anyway.... 
Hi @ALewerMBE,I have a feeling that you are pro #Brexit & like us, think that the #ChequersPlan does not deliver the Brexit that we were promised.Will you pledge to #StandUp4Brexit & join the other MPs who have pledged their support?It would be great to have you on board. 
 ‘Brexit is like trying to take the egg out of the omelette’  
Don’t tell us we voted for Brexit because of something we read in the Daily Mail or on the side of a bus – @PaulEmbery 
Wonder how long Boris Johnson was planning Brexit. The man who bought water cannons to turn onto the people of London. Strange he’s talking about civil unrest if Brexit is Stopped. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Why is vile racist scumbag @Nigel_Farage allowed to unleash his vile rhetoric every day on @LBC?  He hasn’t even got the guts to have a debate with those who challenge him about #Brexit & the #NHS. Pure Brexit scum. #Farage. 
Read about the risks of a no deal #Brexit and why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal  
Fumin. Look outside only to see the noncy wheelchair bloke pissing on me car. Fury kicks in. Throw him out his chair and climb onto me car. Dive off and hit him with a flying brexit elbow. Kids clapling. Wife cheering. Dog yapping til I boot it off the wall. Off down local cheers 
For Britain’s pro-European middle classes, Brexit is akin to a psychological trauma  
See how far these game makers have taken their stance on Brexit.  
Life-long language learners of London! We teach nearly 20 Central European/Eurasian languages at UCL SSEES. In this era of Brexit and the collapse of German A levels I find it life affirming that you can still spend your evenings learning Estonian in Bloomsbury. Come join us!  
While lots of people are talking about stockpiling ahead of a possible no-deal Brexit, there’s not much evidence anyone is actually doing it. UK stockpile levels (yes the @ONS does have measures for these things!) from @samueltombs 
Former MI5 officer @AnnieMachon digs into the Brexit spy scandal   @consortiumnews 
“Strong democracies with strong democratic institutions, accountable to their people almost always end up being good, peaceful, cooperative nations. And that’s why now we need more than ever to stand up for Brexit.” Iain Duncan Smith MP  
The impact of a ‘no deal’ Brexit according to the chairman of one of our major supermarkets: “the British consumer will have a big cut to their standard of living, particularly for people at the bottom of the income scale.” My @Independent column 
“Everybody knows that the dice are loadedEverybody rolls with their fingers crossedEverybody knows that the war is overEverybody knows the good guys lostEverybody knows the fight was fixedThe poor stay poor, the rich get richThat's how it goes”[Leonard Cohen] #Brexit  
All the people who hate the way the U.K. government sell arms just now better take a deep breath because after Brexit the UK will be free from EU restrictions and be selling to any despot with the dosh. #DissolveTheUnion 
Theresa May will allow 3 million EU migrants to STAY in UK in event of no-deal #BrexitWhat about reciprocity for UK citizens in the EU27, Mrs May?TM once again behaves more like a President of the European Commission than the Prime Minister of the UK 
Remember that feeling when the #ChequersPlan was first announced?@OwenPaterson was first off the blocks to convey how clearly it would not deliver the #Brexit that we voted for, or were promised at Lancaster House or in our manifesto Will you pledge to #StandUp4Brexit Owen? 
What has been remarkable since the British referendum is not Ireland’s “grovelling to Brussels” but the EU27’s loyalty to the interests of one of its smallest members over the Irish border issue. 
I’m curious to know whether @Nigel_Farage uses the NHS or private healthcare? As before he gets back on his “battlebus” & starts using the NHS to sell Brexit again, the public might also be interested in knowing.  
Why won't Nigel Farage ever admit #Brexit poses risks to the United Kingdom, its industries, its businesses, its people and its partners on multiple levels and have a sensible discussion about them?#AskNigel 
Brexit is a perilous downward spiral for Britain. A #PeoplesVote is the emergency parachute. 
Don't speak for me @Anna_Soubry I voted for a hard Brexit because I thought that what the UK leaving the EU meant. Dont patronise me because you are no better then me nor more knowledgeable and your patriotism is none existent. You are treacherous & show no regard for democracy 
Join our Summer Campaign against Brexit - we're fighting Brexit every day and public opinion is moving in our direction.  
It’d be great if you could share our #StandUp4Brexit campaign Tom?We’re calling for all MPs to reject #Chequers as it doesn’t deliver the #Brexit promised at Lancaster House or in our manifesto If you could share for us, that would be great 
Julian Dunkerton, boss of Superdry who has given £1 m to People's Vote, paid staff in India  28pence an hour. So the £1m for a 2nd referendum earned from toils of exploited foreign workers. Nice 
We can exit from Brexit, but we need you to make your voice heard.Add your name and share today:  
Is there an economic price he wouldn't be willing to pay for Brexit? And how long a down-turn would be acceptable? 
Pro-EU campaigners who refuse to accept Brexit could be suffering from psychological disorders. 
Derry Girls Against Borders are all set for our launch tonight 7pm in the City Hotel. If you too are concerned about how Brexit borders will affect our way of life, come and help us #MakeThemListen Everyone welcome!! 
LEAVE lead has INCREASED since the EU referendum and no deal is no problem  
Jeremy Corbyn could have tattooed 'Brexit' on his arse, lifted up his kilt to reveal it and BBC Scotland would *still* have refused to raise the issue. Glenn Campbell has been tasked with covering Jeremy's trip north, hence the 'North British' approach.  
I'm tired of people saying May doesn't know what she is doing when it comes to Brexit. She is going hell for leather to keep us in the EU - what more could she do? She certainly knows exactly what she is doing. Lying through her teeth, treason, she's on top of it all. 
Yes. Why is he too scared to discuss Brexit and the NHS with me?  
Have leavers forgotten the Tory double cross at the election already? "Vote for us & we will deliver Brexit". By joining the Tory party you are swelling their coffers to deliver a soft Brexit.They are trying to stop you joining UKIP. A strong UKIP threatens them. Be warned. 
Completely agree with Nigel on this.Tories are not a Brexit Party. The majority of their MPs are Remainers. I don't trust them. They represent the establishment & New World order. Even a Brexit Tory leader will not deliver the independence we voted for 
Willie respects referendum results,but only if it’s the result Willie wants. Well done for pressing him Morag!#ScotlandDeservesBetter#IndyRef2 #DissolveTheUnion 
If you believe in:- Low taxation- Smaller state- Pragmatic legislation - Less virtue-signalling, more common sense- Clean Brexit - Law and order- National security- Exporting the best of BritishJoin the Conservative Party and help shape it for the next election. 
'I spoke to British businesspeople off the record about what they'd really do in the event of a no-deal Brexit. Everyone needs to hear what they told me' | Chuka Umunna  
Nearly 90% of voters we spoke to at Sioe Môn said they’d want to have a vote on the final #Brexit deal, with 87% saying they feel a hard Brexit would be bad for Wales’ rural economy.Those voices must be heard and the people must be given a vote on the final deal.  
SMR: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is satirist, writer and director @Aiannucci - the man behind 'The Thick of It', 'In The Loop', 'The Death of Stalin' and 'Veep'. Will you join him and SIGN THE PETITION to demand your say?   
So some Conservative MPs don't want Brexiteers to join the party, but were happy to run on a manifesto to deliver Brexit?  
Guess #Leavers are genuinely looking forward to sitting in a shivering ring round rusty petrol drums in which they can burn rubbish, eating turnips and singing patriotic songs. I am disgusted with the xenophobic ranting that has characterised their vile #brexit campaign. #fbpe 
Kate is bang on: the idea that MPs should have their expenses increased because of a ‘Brexit burden’ is ridiculous.  Get  on  with  it!   
Being interviewed for tonight’s ⁦@BBCScotlandNews⁩ calling for Labour to back ⁦@theSNP⁩ on Single Market and reject a hard Tory Brexit that will cost jobs, damage the economy and public services.  
1st day in my new job! Looking forward to continuing this important channel of communication. Happy to work with @MichelBarnier and his team TF50 @EU_Commission on #Brexit who have our full support. Next important juncture will be EC in October. 
Maybe being a fantastic Brexit MP with principles might have been a factor! We know thousands have joined up to fight for a proper Brexit !  
Completely agree on UKIP and the referendum party but both have done their job and now it’s time to shape the future not worry about the past. The leadership battle in the Tory party will define our country for a generation ...  
'Let's call this what it is...an anti-democratic effort to thwart the will of the people and the first referendum,' says @DavidScullion of those campaigning for a second referendum.  
On Thursday, Nigel Farage called British doctors, who care for the sick and dying, "an absolute disgrace". Now they're hitting back, arguing they have a duty to be honest about the real dangers (of Brexit) to public health.Read their full response below: 
Just found out that we have had over 90 new members in my association recently. Wonder if it has anything to do with this! #Brexit  
Or they could just stop Brexit.  
Appeaser Theresa to Let EU Migrants Stay in Britain, Draw Unemployment Benefits After ‘No Deal’ Brexit  
Dear England, you created a clusterfuck called brexit at least have the balls and spine to take ownership of it instead of coming to Scotland expecting us to bail you out, we have other plans.  Scotland isn't there to stop you self harming. #YouYesYet #DisolveTheUnion 
The Brexit vote hasn't helped Britain’s inequality problem. CEOs earned 145 times more than their average worker in 2017  
Q1: Why doesn’t @Nigel_Farage respond to @doctor_oxford and numerous others who’ve challenged his recent comments about doctors and the NHS? Q2: Who will be accountable for the deaths that result from NHS underfunding when there is no Brexit dividend? 
Do you have any burning questions about Brexit for @Nigel_Farage? Reply to this Tweet with your questions and we will publish his answers in an article tomorrow so stay tuned #AskNigel 
Believe strongly that if Twitter & Facebook lived up to their promises & purged every fake account #Brexit would stop tomorrow & #Remain would win this hands down. It's all #Brexiters have to offer..fakes, delusionists & charlatans & lies.#PeoplesVote & a #FinalSay to prove it. 
44% of respondents to the Sun on Sunday poll agreed Brexit is a historic mistake and people are only just realising it.  Only 30% disagreed 
We face a massive threat from a kleptonationalist right which unites kleptocrats wanting to crush democracy's power to tax & regulate them and fascists wanting to destroy democracy. We must unite against this threat. This is no time for petty party politics.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Sun picks up my story about the emotional response to Brexit felt by lots of good, smart people, inc those who— as a (remain) friend just text — "never gave the tiniest iota of a toss about the EU suddenly acting as if it's the touchstone of their being."  
Middle-class Remoaners ‘so upset by Brexit they’ve developed a psychological disorder’, top doctors warn  
Just heard a leaver in Subway telling his remain friend that they can't have a referendum on the final deal because there would be civil unrest and nobody would respect the government.It's news to me that anybody has any respect for this government on any side.#fbpe 
The goal of ALL decent people now must be to stop racist liar Boris Johnson becoming prime minister, push for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal and support the Mueller investigation - especially since Trump intervened in the #Manafort trial. STOP the #FarRightCoup 
Whilst the Brexiters continue to disagree with each... How do they expect to unite the rest of the country behind #Brexit?  #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
I would like to make something clear: I do not recommend joining Mrs May’s Conservative Party.The Referendum Party and UKIP achieved a huge amount, none of which could have been achieved inside the Conservative Party. This issue is bigger than party politics. 
Boris Johnson refuses to share a platform with Nigel Farage on Ukip MEP's Brexit tour. The kids are arguing over who gets to be bus-driver & who's the conductor. 
Never in the history of British politics has so much risk been created by the lies of so few. Even @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is putting his hoarded money offshore to avoid it being eroded by the idiocy of the hard Brexit he is pushing.  
Corbyn has wanted Brexit for about 40 years. Check his voting record in Hansard.I wouldn't trust him to run a bath, never mind a political party. #CorbynOut #StopBrexit 
Don’t let anyone tell you Jeremy isn’t preparing for a no-deal Brexit.  
It's called Brexit Beats.... have a listen here: 
'We’re already campaigning as if we’re having a second referendum – why not see it through?'  
Brexit means... The latest illustration from @SKZCartoons for The New European. 
This is cobblers A Brexit-accepting Labour Party just won it's highest vote since 2001 While the Brexit-opposing Liberal Democrats just sunk to the lowest vote since they were formed  
Latin American documentary challenges Spain's version of Catalan referendum  
The silence is broken. Finally. @jeremycorbyn says he will vote down a no deal. We are getting somewhere. Just need to get him to support a #FinalSay #brexit #BrexitShambles 
Of course I would not deny them a vote. My point is that a 2nd referendum makes no sense given that there are 3 or 4 options to choose from: 1. May's awful deal 2. No deal Brexit 3. Norway plus 4. No exit. This can only be settled by a general election. Not a referendum! 
Use this @commonslibrary briefing paper to see a list of #BrexitBills and #Brexit related debates MPs have held since January.  
Remind me how much money Arron Banks stumped up to support Brexit again?  
Screenshot the worst abuse. Post it on social media, send it to journalists and politicians. Use their attempt to intimidate as a weapon with which to discredit & defeat #brexit.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Sorry I don't currently have the magical solution youth unemployment in countries I've never spent more than a week in.However in the context of a Brexit debate I don't think Remainers are required to solve that problem that's completely unrelated to Brexit (beyond my 1st point) 
To translate these findings into figures @RobbieGibb would understand:3.1 million 2016 *Leave* voters think that Brexit was an historic mistake10.1 million 2016 *Leave* voters are bored by Brexit 
It's not Remainers who are bringing up youth unemployment in other EU countries as relevant to Brexit. It's Brexiters. Influencing that to produce a positive effect requires having political sway. So if we are ever to have any effect, leaving the club is not the way to do that. 
The new Infographic of Doom from @instituteforgov has been added to my CSI #Brexit wall in the office.  
No. Brexit totally makes the case for IndyRef2. Don’t disagree with you (or those who seek IndyRef2) at all. Agree, in fact. 
That’s an awful lot of money!The Bank of England recently told the Treasury Select Committee that Brexit has already cost the U.K. £40bn since the referendum. It looks horrific when you write it as  £40,000,000,000. I wonder if Brexiteers really understand how bad this is? 
"MPs are greedy, entitled scam artists that are fleecing us for every penny that they can get."Is Jasmine being a bit harsh or do you agree with her that MPs are out of touch to be asking for more expenses to tackle Brexit?@jasminedotiwala | @drdavidbull | @mattbarbet 
The only thing that’s shameful here is the Eurozone’s record on mass youth unemployment. Pointing that out is neither pro- nor anti-Brexit. It’s just a sad fact. One you don’t like to confront, shamefully. So I will tweet about it more often.  
Full house for Stormont meeting of ⁦@sinnfeinireland⁩ Brexit committee. Cé shílfeadh agus An Breatimeacht sa mhullach orainn go mbeadh stráitéis na Breataine Ina ciolar  chiot! Clock counting down to 29 March & British now briefing on No Deal Brexit. A true Brexiteer mess.  
The founder of Superdry, which paid Indian workers 28p per hour, has donated £1million to the campaign for a second Brexit ref. This isn’t a People’s Vote, it’s a Bosses’ Vote — the revenge of the elites, writes @Tom_Slater_ 
At @KingstonHospNHS. Performance one of best in country and excellent morale despite financial pressures a very hot summer and #brexit threat to nursing staff. 
WATCH: Everyday we are posting a video of someone who voted leave in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Share your demands. @RemainerNow 
Blair abolished the real House of Lords in 1999.What we have now are agèd nobodies and life peer retired cronies - it's no wonder the upper house is against Brexit.We say #RestoreTheLords - bring the noble hereditary lords - bring back the patriots, the ancient nobility! 
1/ Remainers really need to grasp the importance of much faster growth rates in Eastern Europe than in the UK. It means that migration from those countries will naturally tail-off. The main cause of support for #Brexit is disappearing. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
If Brexit is ‘supremely damaging,’ then political leadership consists in giving people the opportunity to avoid self-harm, including a people’s vote. Especially when the ‘verdict’ of the people in 2016 wasn’t for a specific Brexit proposition, because there wasn’t one!  
WATCH | @Anna_Soubry is currently tweeting out propaganda for a second referendum. She's changed her tune a bit! Here she is saying that "the British people have had enough of referendums, probably to last them a LIFETIME!" Support us at  
We need to sort out a failing prison system.We need to tackle vast regional inequalities. We need to improve rock-bottom productivity. But we can't: Brexit has gummed up government. We need to end it with a #PeoplesVote 
"Brexit Anxiety Disorder":  the ultimate conceit of a new 21st century pathology for the ruptured sense of metropolitan middle class entitlement combined with the traditional fear and loathing of the dangerous masses that stretches back to Peterloo and beyond  
#Brexit is so terrible it is causing EU citizens to have a mental breakdown. This is not funny, it is a serious condition. Symptoms include always wanting to do everything twice and anxiety over food prices, particularly cheese.  
Harry Potter's views on brexit via Billy Bragg via the New Statesman is such a cursed combination that it might open a portal to hell  
If the Brextremists get their way on #Brexit, that will just be the start of it. Next it will be national service, then capital punishment, then deportation of anyone who looks remotely "foreign". We need to nip this madness in the bud NOW and #StopBrexit. 
Another Brexit Buffoon changed his mind. Time for a People’s Vote. Clean up the #Brexcrement 
Informed people: "Brexit isn't as easy as you think, there will be difficulti..."Brexshitters: "SHUT UP!  THAT'S PROJECT FEAR""It seems a lot to do in two years though""SHUT UP! SHUT UP! It will be FINE! "But what about...""FINE FINE FINE!  SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP!" 
Today's crisis in liberalism began with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. Brexit is just one of the latest manifestations #OpenFuture 
#brexit is about Corporate Totalitarianism. Under CT rule workers have no rights. The corporations can make you work longer for no raise. If you complain you'll be fired. With no job, you'll starve. No welfare. Forced to work in the picking fields. That's what the #ERG want.#FBPE 
Then give us someone electable. If Labour presents a zero choice option people will look elsewhere. Tory Brexit or Labour Brexit will still hurt millions. Choosing between Islamophobia or Antisemitism as an ‘extra’ is not really choice.We need something else and we need it now.  
Big Businesses like FTSE250 SuperDry gain from onerous EU regulationsthat prevent smaller businesses competing with them.No wonder they're in bed with the EUand its founders want Britain to be shackled to EU rule,how else can they smother startups and innovation?#Brexit  
UK manufacturing, in recession due to #Brexit, has dropped to 9% of UK economy & will fall to 5% post-Brexit when big employers relocate to EU... We have slipped to 9th place in the world but dont worry - still ahead of Indonesia... not really a "win"...  
So my working hypothesis on Brexit's impact on EU-UK services trade is that, outside SM, main impact = much more difficult to sell cross border from UK territory into EU. So in nerd speak, mode one supply of services becomes significantly more constrained. pic.twitter.com/qtXZizbmDE 
So our choices are:Brexit, 50 year recession, no NHS, social breakdown, whining Europhobes, or:No Brexit, functioning economy and society, whining Europhobes.I’ll take Box B, please 
"Jeremy Corbyn begins tour of Scotland"there's some nice B&Bs.  and there's some wonderful scenery.just don't try to convince anyone you care about Scotland's interests. we've been paying attention: on Brexit. on Trident. on indy.you don't care about or understand Scotland. 
“There is, after all, nothing that is more opposed to basic @ukLabour values than Brexit and I think just about everyone except [ @jeremycorbyn ] can now see that.”#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
you know brexit has got the whole country moving crazy when @mrjamesob gets sampled on a grime/dubstep track  @Plastician 
My advice to Remainers? Keep talking down to #Brexit voters. We’ll lap it up because we’re ever so ‘umble, m’lord, and we’re all as thick as treacle. 
"People's Vote talk about democracy. What their declared intent is is to overturn the democratic decision of the 2016 referendum to leave the EU" -Andrew Bridgen MP.#EURef 2016 was the #PeoplesVote and needs to be delivered before any other.Anything else is #BrexitBetrayal? 
According to yesterday's Sun poll, a large majority of Brits believe Brexit is a historic mistake. Curiously this only made it into the 23rd par of the paper's story yesterday  
#Brexit is such an important issue that we need to keep voting until we get it wrong. 
*presses buzzer*“Sharon I’m gonna need you to fetch me a brexit metaphor”“Subtle or obvious?”“Really fucking on the nose this time, Sharon”  
Superdry, the clothes made for 28p an hour. What moral authority they wield... #brexit #Superdry 
Brexit is sentencing the UK's financial services industry to a long slow death  
I want a third #Brexit referendum, and a fourth. We should have one every year. No, every month. We have to be allowed to change our minds or it’s not democracy. 
Heathrow raises £1bn debt to cover potential Brexit losses, including a 2 month zero income scenario.  
When you’re facing no deal #brexit of no plane or road haulage permits, tariffs & rules of origin chaos, when you have no solution to Nire border...When you have no idea, what do you do? You say that people raising complex but vital questions are mad.Shameful stuff Iain. 
This British entrepreneur is trying to "turn around" Brexit with a £1 million donation  
This is a bit misleading. On FTAs – rollover is only possible under transition period. Since you’re writing about no-deal preparations this is not the case. No-deal means UK loses access to all FTAs on Brexit day next March. There is no rollover under no-deal. /1 
Another expert has called out Nigel Farage over his Brexit claims, and he's reacted in the usual manner - with silence.  
A recent study by BMG found 48% of the public support a vote on any #Brexit deal struck, up from 44% previously. The people should make the decision on the country’s future not politicians; a final say on any deal and the opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit is needed. #fbpe 
While everyone else suffers due to #BrexitShambles MPS as usual gainMPs are calling for a rise in their allowances, claiming their workload has risen due to Brexit. 
VAROUFAKIS UNLEASHED: Greece: ‘Country should prepare to return to national currency.’Merkel: ‘Devoid of vision, I don’t trust her.’Brexit: ‘I respect verdict of the majority.’  
Now that everyone can see #Brexit is a cock-up, and people have been equipped with the facts, Theresa May must get a grip and rebuild trust in her Government. The best way to do this is to start acting like a public servant, not a dictator!#PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/Wm9ZtL08n2 
He fought Brexit. It’s nought at all to do with you. Get your own economy in order. You were disembowelled by Brussels and Merkel. Get on with your hard socialism. #Failedsocialism 
Yanis Varoufakis: "It was a bailout for French & German banks.Having turned #Greece into a permanent dead colony.To quote Tacitus ‘they made a desert and called it peace’They have put Greece into a permanent coma and they call it stability."#Brexit #EU 
First of all, This is NOT a second referendum, this is a FIRST vote on the final deal (seeing as what Leave really meant was NOT defined during pre referendum campaigning) - secondly I am SICK of trolls Tweeting about how they voted remain but respect the vote. 
“He’s a Left-wing millionaire who has donated £1million to overturn the democratic result of a referendum."He joins the ranks of all the Left-wing millionaires who supported Remain and despite the funding, they lost." - UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP 
10/ But the worst thing about this whole sorry omnishambles is that the referendum excluded people from voting who would be directly affected by the referendum even though the UK happily takes their taxes 
BREAKING: I've just reached 2,000 Followers. Unlucky Lefties.Keep exposing Government liesKeep ridiculing bias MSMKeep up #Brexit pressureKeep exposing the insanity of the LeftKeep championing #FreeSpeechKeep supporting #TommyR#NoSurrender #IAmBritish 
“If it’s the #Chequers deal #Brexit doesn’t mean Brexit” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Will JRM be sending us a pledge soon?Make sure you email your MP and ask them to reject Chequers and #StandUp4Brexit You can find their email here:  
Ford’s pledge to upload the subway system will become the Brexit of Toronto politics: a promise balanced on the most dubious of mandates, barely scrutinized during the election and certain to deliver administrative chaos for years to come.#TOpoli #ONpoli 
“The price of the pound continues to reflect Brexit concerns and an economy that’s at best muddling through... The limelight is elsewhere right now and there’s plenty of places people would rather be investing than sterling.”  
“We’re in the Br-excrement. We’re up to our necks in it, it's a mess."Supporter of the People's Vote campaign, Gavin Esler, says there should be a vote on the final Brexit deal. But Leavers of London's Lucy Harris says it was initially made “very clear what we’d be voting for”.  
Chuffed to be sharing a stage with Jeremy Corbyn at the Edinburgh Book Festival tonight. A transnational alliance of progressives across Europe and beyond is essential (independently of how this dog's Brexit process ends up!). @DiEM_25 is working tirelessly to bring it about 
Hey @afneil & @AndrewMarr9 I know you're doing your damnedest to help Brexit... but you should think about calling it "a first referendum without cheating"  
News that Labour would plummet in the polls if it headed into a snap election backing Brexit is kind of undermined by the fact Labour surged in the polls when it headed into a snap election backing Brexit... 
Absolute state of this. “For Britain’s pro-European middle classes, Brexit is akin to a psychological trauma which has left many unable to behave rationally”   
Dear Prime Minister 'Sharia' May..I know that you're busy picking a fight with America and Russia, directing a comedy about 'deadly' nerve agent, fiddling immigration figures and touring mosques but I just wondered....Any news on BREXIT?!  
J.C.'s coming to tell us sweaties that he loves colonial Jockistan & hates #indyref2That he'll leave nukes hereThat he backs #brexit and taking us out of the EU against our express willThe next day Richard Leonard will swear blind he didn't say or mean any of it  
 There will be a round of #Brexit negotiations @EU_Commission this week  The agenda is available online: 1) Withdrawal Agreement & 2) Future relationship. @MichelBarnier will meet @DominicRaab Tues afternoon. Press arrangements tbc:  
Morrisons is £3.50 now.Bloody brexit 
If you voted Brexit, or even if you voted Remain, you probably had some faith that the government would come up with a plan within two years of the vote. It might be a bad plan, but at least a plan.Meanwhile, the government... #PeoplesVote 
Middle-class Remoaners ‘so upset by Brexit they’ve developed a psychological disorder’, top doctors warn  
Pierre Moscovici, the European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs, says that Brexit can be reversed if the UK decides it ultimately wishes to stay in Europe.Read our comment here and share the good news. 
Have to tweet this again though I only just read it.Heathrow now putting plans in place to close for 2 months. No flights.You can say it's just extreme risk planning, but... contemplate it. For a moment.Heathrow. Two months. No flights.Heath-fucking-row.#Brexit 
I do understand and even sympathise with your point. Tho I’m not sure it’s the cause of a generational backlash. Even less sure about your fair trial analogy. We might both be surprised by amount of movement post Brexit. But who knows.  
WATCH: @rorybremner joined us in Edinburgh to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal #PeoplesVoteScot (Watch with sound on) 
Thinking Of Buying New Glasses? Check Out This Site First. 
Sure- but you can understand why the removal of these rights is part of a generational backlash against Brexit. You don’t have to exercise a right to be annoyed at it being taken away(I’ve never needed my right to a fair trial but would be v miffed if someone tried to remove it).  
If Brexit happens, our online consumer rights could be under threat from regulation-hating Brexiters in government  
The idea that the Lib Dems would surge in the polls in a snap election where Labour backed Brexit might carry more weight if we hadn’t had a snap election last year where Labour backed Brexit and they didn’t surge. 
Current Tory party: -Weak on crime-Failing to deliver Brexit-Highest taxes for decadesThere is a huge void in politics for someone with actual leadership and the proper Conservative policies to back them up. 
British manufacturing output has slipped behind France, reversing progress made after the 2008 financial crash. The prospect of a damaging Brexit is starving the sector of vital investment and sadly the workers will feel the consequences. Please share 
Contrary to rumour the Brits are pretty unified in at least one area"I'm really bored by Brexit"% agreeLib Dems 69%Remainers 64%18-24 yr olds 64%Labour voters 60%All voters 59%Leavers 58%Pensioners 53%Conservatives 53%Source: Deltapoll 
So, yes, I am a vigorous critic of Corbyn's stance on (in particular) anti-semitism, Brexit and his suitability to lead the Labour Party.But if you want to smear me personally you really need to engage with the actual evidence. /ENDS 
This is Labour's policy position on BrexitMy family are all Labour left & Corbyn supportersThey are all telling me they wished Labour would shout louder about this policyYOU reading this right now...what do you think please? #JC4PM #MondayMotivation#CultOfGivingAShit pic.twitter.com/KHxBYsTvwX 
The reality of a ‘no deal’ #Brexit is not in the public interest and this poll by @Plaid_Cymru shows the public would reject it. Deal or no deal there are few left claiming that our nation would be richer as a result of Brexit. #EUWithdrawalBill #nodealbrexit  
Even if it was a good idea there's no time left to organise another referendum before March 2019, says @MarcusFysh 
There is no "complex question on what remain means"@TomSwarbrick1 is creating an issue where none exists.Remain means we wake up the day after a referendum, and EVERYTHING IS THE SAME.THE SAME OPT OUTSTHE SAME REBATETHE SAME VETO POWER#PeoplesVote@lbc 
“Do you want a second referendum?” No. I want a first referendum without cheating. 
Rare wisdom from @Anna_Soubry. She's terrified of our campaign to take back control of the party, and recognises that we can make a real difference. Thousands of our supporters have already joined and together we can get a Brexit PM!Join the Tories at  
If the UK was in the EU, there would be free movement between Scotalnd in the EU and England.It is not Scotland, when independence comes, that will be leaving the UK but the UK if Brexit comes that will be leaving Scotland.Scotland’s (legal) right to sovereignty is righteous. 
The way many @UKLabour and @Conservatives politicians have behaved re: Brexit despite being elected on a promise to deliver it has been despicable.We must force the issue to ensure Brexit is delivered. Help us do so - hold your nose and join the Tories:  
If Brexit was cancelled tomorrow the pound would jump 10 - 15%, prices of almost everything would start to come down, people would start spending and businesses would start investing but no, let’s go for economic collapse, social disorder and years of misery! 
‘@MarcusFysh - who’s pledged to #StandUp4Brexit - had this to say to @vicderbyshire on the remain campaigns push for a 2nd referendum...“This is a distraction, most people want to get on with this now. In addition to the 17.4m we’ve had 3 very significant parliamentary votes”  
May's idea of doing nothing for the three years following the referendum was quite good although very dishonest. She knew that the constant battering from remain and their supporters together with doom warnings would frighten the people and hopefully keep them in the EU. 
Just to clarify, both @EU_Commission & @Number10gov could claim moral high ground if they finally agreed to ring fence, separate, the #citizensrights element of the Brexit negotiations from the rest. Both @BritishInEurope & we have asked for this for months. Ball in both courts 
LIVE Tonight 6.30pm. An Update on Brexit with Michael Russell MSP from Dunoon Burgh Hall. Watch & put your questions to the minister online or from the audience.  & . @DunoonSNP@BrendanOHaraSNP @YesForwardCowal 
Let's get behind a People's Vote 
In #Brexit Britain the mountains are collapsing. And they haven't even left yet. 
'Brexit is major surgery and the government is about to proceed without informed consent'  from @sarahwollaston on the need for a #PeoplesVote 
Surely not this Yanis Varoufakis? “Besides the gross disrespect to those who voted in favour of Brexit (instructing them to go back to the polling stations to deliver what we think is the ‘right’ verdict), the call for a second referendum is fraught with logical incoherence.”  
‘Leavers will not vote for a party that is being led to support Brexit against its convictions’  
Super dry boss paid a million to a anti Brexit outfit. Has he hung himself out to dry? #sillyboy. 
3 days after resigning as Brexit Minister Steve Baker tweeted investing in Glint (Mirror says to tune of £70k) which advertises putting money in gold as good earner for a no-deal Brexit. This raises serious questions re ministerial code, as does Boris Johnson for Telegraph rants  
The impacts of Brexit are already being felt in NHS hospitals, with terminally ill patients being turned away due to staff shortages. Watch @doctor_oxford's full story below and share with your friends 
EU migrants will be given right to stay in event of no-deal Brexit, Cabinet papers reveal  
Brilliant piece by Sarah @sarahwollaston, Conservative MP, on why she is backing a People's Vote. "The polls show that public opinion is turning on Brexit, especially as the sheer scale of the cost and consequences becomes clearer."  
John Redwood: EU has to play by WTO rulesEU has built World Trade rules into its own legal structures that require a WTO state to accept goods from another WTO state.EU cannot legally mount a Napoleonic blockade against UK goods once we have Left#Brexit 
Last week we were in Hull to hear what young people thought about Brexit."Everything in Hull is free, all the museums all the art galleries. That wouldn't be possible without EU funding. Who is going to pick up the slack? the government?"  
Impressive wee Titanic satire on Brexit. Note no Scots/Irish characters r portrayed. Celts r bit players in this crisis of English democracy. Tho might have been cool if one wee lifeboat had 62/38% on the side.  
When Jeremy talks to Yanis Varoufakis at Edinburgh International Book Festival today, I know he will listen carefully when the former Greek finance minister tells him why Brexit is such a bad idea - for Britain, for Europe and for social solidarity 
If there *is* a second EU vote, you can be sure Soctland will vote stay.But, Scotland’s been used by England for tribute, recreation, and storage for a long time. English votes have determined its fate.Those wishing to change that are busy with a different referendum just now 
Riddle me this.Scotland didn't:Consent to the brexit refGet to influence the franchise/system/question/or preparationVote for itGet a voice in negotiationsAny say in how brexit will be deliveredHow are we supposed to help a #PeoplesVote ? What do you want from us? 
Who can disagree? ANDREW PIERCE: Former BBC boss slams broadcaster over Brexit bulletins  via @MailOnline 
'The country hasn't changed its mind': Downing Street communications chief dismisses calls for second EU referendum as he points to poll showing more Remain voters have now changed to Leave  #Brexit  
“We have had to close one third of our in-patient NHS beds through Brexit.”Palliative care doctor, Rachel Clarke, wants to remain in the EU, and would like another referendum. #VictoriaLIVE 
Emily, is it true you’re one of the three in Labour blocking any change on the party’s position on Brexit? Hope not.  
"There are lots of people that are going to turn 18, we have to draw a line somewhere" - @Lugey6 hits back at idea that Brexit is invalid because under 18s couldn't vote  
The Conservatives have had over two years since the Brexit vote but we're stuck in this mess. The Liberal Democrats are fighting to give the people the final say on Brexit with the option to stay in the EU. Add your name today:  
"Scotland - entirely excluded from Brexit negotiations - will be told to get back in its box again, the UK will continue to get whatever England wants, and if the wee diddy nations don’t like it, they can just get stuffed." 
Can you imagine as a citizen of Scotland thinking, yes I want to stay in the EU, but ONLY if England want it too. Not enough food, and medicine post-Brexit. Oh well, the folk in England know best.  
"MPs are greedy, entitled scam artists that are fleecing us for every penny that they can get."Jasmine doesn't hold back on her view when it comes to the subject of MPs wanting more money to spend on staffing because of Brexit...@jasminedotiwala | @drdavidbull | @mattbarbet 
This is good: Brexit populism, unaccountability and the need for  conspiracy theories. And scorpions  
Britain’s middle-class Brexit Anxiety Disorder. This is really good on the risks of psychological derangement in ultra-Remainers.  
"With Labour voters and national public opinion shifting against Brexit, it’s time for the opposition to give people what they want: a clear choice on Brexit between leaving and staying and reforming the EU...”  
Parliamentarians need a 'Will of the People' vote to be sure we are doing what the people want. If they say 'yes', that's fine but in case people aren't happy with how #Brexit affects them, we have a duty to check their views before irreversibly leaving. 
“What we now have in parliament is deadlock [over Brexit].”Labour MP and remainer Chuka Umunna debates with Conservative MP and leaver Marcus Fysh.#VictoriaLIVE 
Remember what Sarah Wollaston said earlier this year: "we should not be talking about second referendums" because "it would just encourage the European Union to give us the worst possible deal".She's now talking about a second referendum - does she WANT the worst possible deal?  
Agree.  Look at May's record in the Home Office: immigration, prisons (new report out this morning on the abject failure of B'ham prison), border force, police, the list goes on and the Brexit debacle, two years in the making.  #MayMustGo #MondayMotivation 
A third of Leave voters admit to being racially prejudiced, a survey found. Enough to have swung the referendum result.So #Brexit isn't so much the will of the people, as the will of a minority inspired by the likes of UKIP and the BNP  
Where were those, behind the so-called #PeoplesVoteScot campaign, when Nicola Sturgeon advocated a 'double-lock' EURef before the Brexit vote? The FM was ridiculed by people like Willie Rennie. Her proposal would have prevented Brexit. 
"Los Economy y Business Class"#NAICM #Texcoco #NuevoAeropuerto #ConsultaPopular #NAIM #ecocidio #AMLO #EPN #Referendum  
I feel like I've been screaming from the rooftops for 2 years that Brexit is a catastrophe that'll make all but the very richest poorer in every sense of the word, yet for all the shared facts, they're still screaming back "I don't care, I voted for it". Why?  #StopBrexit 
The @LeaveMnsLeave ‘Who We Are’ page says a lot. 46 people on it. 44 are men. 45 are white. No one under 30.They do not represent modern Britain. They shouldn’t be be ones having the final say on Brexit. The public should. #PeoplesVote 
Listen to the people? Stirling voted 67% Remain, yet you are determined to go hard Brexit.  
Dear @LeaveEUOfficial - why not engage with points made by  @DeborahMeaden and answer her q about the benefits of Brexit? easier just to insult her?  
Jeremy Corbyn is in Scotland for a 4-day visit. Will Jeremy Corbyn demand Scotland,s voice is heard on Brexit? Will Jeremy Corbyn demand that the mandate for Indyref is not denied? Will Jeremy Corbyn as a CND man demand the Nuclear weapons are removed from Faslane? 
Brexit as a psychological trauma for British middle classes, which has led to viral outbreaks of FBPE across the nation.  
Over 650,000 people have signed our petition calling for a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal - add your name here  
The only thing that is going to save Brexit is the battle for the Tory leadership that is already underway. The entire board of Leavemeansleave are Conservative Brexiteers. The fight is on ....  
How will a vote for Jez stop Brexit?Annihilate the Tories bring down this rancid austerity steal from the poor give to the rich Government and you destroy the mandate for Brexit. 
Powerful graphic that shows an awful lot has to go right for Theresa May to get a Brexit deal in place by March 29. Chance of failure/an extension now surely odds on (ht ⁦@instituteforgov⁩). 
#Brexit in one image.  
If you regret voting for destructive Brexit join the fight. #remainernow 
We’re already campaigning as if we’re having a second referendum – why not see it through? - The Independent  
Just stop this nonsense about different types of Brexit. It's not soft, nor hard, nor Tory, not any other version. It's independence that we want, no more no less. 
Check out this infographic from Women for a People's Vote, showing just how many health workers think Brexit is bad for the NHS Do you agree?#HealthierIN 
Dear @guardian Please stop calling it a 'second referendum' - the first one was rubbish, we don't want to re-run it!It is a '#PeoplesVote on the final deal' @peoplesvote_uk @W_A_T_O_N @UKLabour #MondayMotivation 
Yes. PM May nipped over to Brussels to get Angela Merkle to pass her Brexit White Paper just before the Friday Chequers meeting that led to the ongoing resignations. The White Paper is an EU document.  
I too am disappointed in Labour over Brexit but the antisemitism furore indicts our media not Lab. An undercover sting showed Israeli govt reps getting directly involved in Labour politics with the intent of ‘taking down’ defenders of Palestinian rights:  1 
What you mean Jacob Rees Mogg is that British voters will not be bought AGAIN. They now know about the Russian involvment, the fake news and ads, the Leave campaign lies...they're turning away from Brexit and your cheap slogans can't stop them. That's why you fear a #PeopleVote 
Nonsense. The only “choice” is between Brexit and not Brexit. And you have a moral and political obligation to deliver the Brexit we were promised, the Brexit we voted for.  
What does he mean, "if it becomes ..."? Labour's leader's been a Brexit accomplice since before the referendum, and almost the whole party's been helping since June 24 2016.  
Informed consent is essential before Brexit surgery  
The idea Brexit is failing because it is being betrayed must be strongly resisted, says @steverichards14. Brexit is failing because it cannot be delivered.  
Brexit media is being boycotted & now poll shows Lib Dems will be just 2 points behind Labour if it stays pro-Brexit  
Brexit is now toxic. Official.  
I am revolted by the fat cat elitists who are using their money to overturn our Brexit vote because it does not suit their selfish business interests. Brexit is not ALL about them, it's about safeguarding Britain's independence so it can continue to prosper for future generations 
Lucy is 15, she was too young to vote in 2016 but she is out campaiging against #brexit as it's not the future she wants.I actually met Lucy briefly at the #PeoplesVoteMarch in June with @ClaireBfE.@OFOCBrexit @FFSake_ this is the sort of campaigner you need.#remainernow 
 looks like some Tory MPs unhappy with ⁦@LeaveEUOfficial⁩ call to join ⁦@Conservatives⁩ ⁦@Arron_banks⁩ #Brexit  
Things Brexiters no longer say £350M for NHSImmigration will go downUK will be better offEasy trade dealsTurkey are joining the EUBrexit hurts the EU more than usThings Brexiters do say now UK might be ok in 50 yearsIt won’t be Armageddon Remoaners are to blame 
I have noticed the trolls (the Leave campaign) getting very upset about calling out the white supremacist fascists  behind #brexit. Let's do it more. #FBPE . 
Ford blamed Brexit for a £760m drop in profitability in 2017. It said that it will take “whatever action is needed” to protect business. Plummeting confidence & raised fears of long-term damage mean a likely outcome will be scaling back of UK operations! #r4today #BrexitShambles 
Brexit means MPs need more expenses to cope, say MPs  
Huge response to our campaign this weekend, with many people who have never before joined a political party becoming Tory members to take back control of Brexit. @Anna_Soubry will not be happy!Join today and have your say at  
GOVERNMENT ADMIT THEY WILL MANIPULATE ANY SECOND REFERENDUM: see attached letter from the Constitution Office saying longterm expats WILL be excluded from #PeoplesVote as they would skew such a referendum in favour of remain.#bbcr4today 
His point is that @Nigel_Farage has accused the BMA of scaremongering for saying that #Brexit will have an adverse affect on the NHS and patients. Farage has refused to say how the very many health problems arising from Brexit would be dealt with.  
Whatever side of the political divide you may happen to fall upon, a Brexiteer will always put Brexit and country above party politics, something lost on today's political class.#Brexit 
If you want the truth listen to these guys @JasonJHunter @donnyc1975 and @EveryCountry. They know more about trade, customs red tape and crossing borders than any Brexiteer on the planet. 3 Blokes In The Pub... Talk NO DEAL Brexit  via @YouTube 
Europeans will be granted the right to stay in the UK if there is a no-deal Brexit under a unilateral act by the government  
EU migrants 'to get right to remain' in UK in event of no-deal Brexit  
Informed consent is essential before Brexit surgery. My ⁦@thetimes⁩ piece. Proceeding without a #PeoplesVote would be like relying on consent to an operation 2 years in advance, without knowing if it involved amputating a few toes or the whole leg 
Peter.  Move on.  Those of us who argued for Remain in the Referendum have to accept WE LOST.  As an MP I respect my constituents decision.  We need to leave the EU.  But HOW is up to Parliament.  I believe we need to minimise the short term economic risk with EFTA Membership.  
Is this Brextremists like Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees Mogg mean when they say Brexit provides great opportunities? Every little helps when lining your pockets. #PeoplesVote  
These15 Conservative MPs have pledged to honour the EU referendum and the manifesto they were elected on last year; now what about the other 301 Conservative MPs? Please contact your MP to ask him or her to follow suit. Please retweet if you agree.  
Someday Brexiteers might realize that Ireland, along with 26 other states, wish to remain in the EU because it is in their interest to do so. And if Brexit has shown anything to Irish people, it is the value of the EU.  
If something is a disaster, they just change its name. They think we're stupid enough to fall for it...Windscale --> SellafieldGroup 4 --> G4SHard Brexit --> Clean Brexit 
Farage admits he feels EVEN MORE passionate about Brexit NOW than during the referendum  
We’ve received 15 pledges from MPs to #StandUp4Brexit in under two weeksYou can see the full list on If your MP hasn’t made a pledge, please email them & ask them to#Chequers is not #BrexitYou can find their emails here:  
‘SNP tells Corbyn to drop destructive Brexit stance’ - @IanBlackfordMP: 
Wow I didn't know Brexit was so bad @LondonMidland employees had to get jobs in Idlib. 
Some people, it seems, are preparing for #Brexit.Wealthy folk in NI are buying gold and storing it in Dublin.(via @IrishTimes) 
From all the recent reports the UK government's No Deal preparations seem shot through with wishful thinking when it comes to how the EU will respond. One of the oddities of Brexit is Brexiters continually condemn the EU for being oppressive while then expecting it to be merciful 
What happens next on Brexit?New @instituteforgov plots five different scenarios, explaining how things like election, referendum, confidence vote could play out... 
Breaking News:JUDAS the new Centre Right, Soft Left, Far Right, New Labour, Blairite, anti-Trot, Red white and blue Brexit, LibDum, Tory, Neo-Liberal party is revealed.In Other News: JUDAS Friends of UKIP to be showcased on LBC with Nigel Fadge.  
A clean Brexit you say? People like clean, so they’ll like that won’t they? Except you mean No Deal, the consequences of which would actually be an horrific mess. So not so clean after all. 
WowJacob Rees-Mogg just one month before the referendum was saying to the select committee that UK could have a “Norway deal” with EU.& yet now is trying to force a “no deal” #brexit on Brits as one true brexit that we all voted for.  
“If Labour becomes an accomplice to Brexit, it is finished. If people want Brexit, they will vote for the party that really believes in it, not the one that is being led to support it against its most profound convictions and misgivings.” - @Andrew_Adonis#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Last week the Assistant Editor at BBC Scotland News @AllanGPrice said GMS hadn't covered a Brexit warning from the BMA because it broke hours after GMS had ended the previous day and was covered on later bulletins. Today GMS is full of stories that were covered at the weekend. 
Both sides lied, cheated and did everything possible to undermine democracy. Why is everything termed 'ours' now btw?The referendum was voted for by MP's who expected a Remain result - if they thought it would go the other way, the referendum wouldn't have been called. 
Has a loose-lipped diplomat offered a glimmer of Brexit hope? My @theipaper column on an overheard conversation in a cafe, extending Article 50 & the case for a second referendum  
When independence supporters campaign for a say in the final Brexit deal they are giving permission to the British government to continue to ignore Scotland. #PeoplesVoteScot 
I've also reported Vote.Leave for this targeted harassment of @DeborahMeaden... They're deliberately trying to send a shit tonne of abuse her way, to punish her for the calm, logical and very polite manner in which she consistently demonstrates that Brexit will be a disaster.  
Ford has issued Brexit warning to British MPs that it will take “whatever action is needed” to protect its business. The ominous words came after the USA car giant blamed uncertainty over Brexit for a colossal £760m drop in its European earnings in 2017  
The EU are obviously worried that a truly global Britain will create a situation where we will not only undermine their Single Market but more importantly bring in to question their protectionist regime.Oh well We voted to Leave, not Leave with restrictive caveats.#Brexit  
Not in Scotland, where we recognise the futility of "UK wide voting" where no matter what we vote, we get what ENGLAND decides. Is public support shifting toward a second EU referendum?  
Expert reveals NI’s wealth coming South due to Brexit, sterling fears  
NEW REPORT] Autumn surprises: possible scenarios for the next phase of #Brexit  
Just been following back, if you've followed and I haven't followed back then please say.#Brexit 
Mr. Rivera, lest you forget it was the Spanish state that used violence against the #Catalonia people during their peaceful 1-O referendum.  
hey boy are you Brexit, cause it’s time to pull out  
.@Effiedeans with a brilliant piece on why parties need to stand for actual ideologies - and why most @Conservatives want a party with traditional Conservative views and that will deliver a proper #Brexit.Getting out of the wet mush  
"You're just Remoaners who don't accept the will of the people."If it was just Remain voters asking for a People's Vote and Brexit voters were all happy with the way Brexit is going, you'd be right.But the Brexit we're getting is clearly not the Will of Anyone!  
I asked her to do this 3 times in the course of her leadership election. Better late than never! Finally we are doing what is not only right but also rather obviously in UK’s self-interest.                   May to let Europeans stay if Brexit talks fail 
NYT: If Brexit Had Come 10 Years Ago, Today's London Restaurants Would Serve Mostly Porridge and Boiled Mutton  
3. T. May (UK) will be ousted & favorable Brexit will prevail4. With Salvini a new era will ensue in Italy. 5. Populist Bolsanairo will win in Brazil & anti-socialism will spread thru Americas 6. Venezuelana Will force the hand of its gov. Violence & civil war could ensue 
Obviously as a maj of members & voters back #Remain. To win Corbyn must gain non Labour votes; unlikely while he denies a #PeoplesVote & #StopBrexit option.Corbynites just don't get that #Remainers R more committed to stopping #Brexit than electing him.  
Half expecting to see a few new photoshopped Brexit Bus pictures in light of this latest development...please don't let me down, Twitter   
Brexit: no change - 62 percent of voters say they have not changed their minds on Brexit and those who have are mostly remainers who would now vote leave - but that will not stop the media planting more lurid stories about us leaving ...  #Brexinfo. 
1.9million Leave voters say they would now vote to Remain. But 2.4million Remain voters would now vote to Leave. The country hasn’t changed its mind. Britain is now more firmly behind Brexit than during referendum - The Telegraph  
COBA, the UK multichannel broadcasters’ association, has once again sounded the alarm on the likely impact of Brexit on the industry .This supports one of our thriving export businesses.Brexit is bonkers.  
Keep being asked to sign petition for People's vote aka 2nd refrendum on brexit.maybe I would IF anyone can answer these questions.1 How will you guarentee it will not involve corruption, cheating, lying and electoral fraud?2 What you gonna do if you do not like the result? 
Some say that May never intended Brexit to happen, and hoped that even the most stupid of Brexiteers would have realised by now that it was an incredibly stupid idea. Like psychoanalysis, where subject is guided to discover for himself what was always clear as day to the analyst. 
Is that the Brexit for jobs that Labour supports?  
The poll puts the Cons ahead of Lab  by 9 points if LP to pledge to follow through on Brexit in a snap election  but 4 points should the latter adopt an anti-Brexit position,The Lib Dems would gain 10 points from Labour backing Brexit - 2 points behind  
Dear oh dear you're out of your mind. The electorate already rejected New Labour twiceRe Brexit the Tories are shooting themselves in the footPlease note;"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." Napoleon BonaparteCorbyn is absolutely right to hold his fire. 
IF there is a GE the #remain vote goes ONLY to remain parties. Not soft Brexit or fudges. You fooled us once but not again. So who wants our votes? There are millions of us. We are the makers of Kings. But we are no ones fools. #PeoplesVote #brexit  
Fact.To replace the 700+ trade agreements that we already enjoy through the EU would take 13 years at one a week and 58 years at one a month.Yes. Brexit is that crazy#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote#FBPE 
EU migrants 'to get right to remain' in UK in event of no-deal Brexit  
Is public support shifting toward a second EU referendum?  
This is what I've been warning Labour supporters for months. Those of us who leant our votes to #Corbyn at #GE2017 will not do so at the next election. There were millions of us tactical voters - all Anti-Brexit & we'll back the @LibDems @Greens etc next time. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
On @BBCRadio4 Westminster HourInterviewer "Can you make your #Brexit case in another language?"Conservative former minister "Certainly not, i'm afraid... LATIN! I could take a stab at Latin. I've got a very poor french O level."Yup these are the people trashing our country 
New YouGov poll suggests Labour support could drop to 19, just two ahead of the Lib Dems if it were to go into a snap election pledging to continue Brexit. Support for LDs soars by 10 points to 17 if they are only party backing remain in any snap election.  
EU Brexit negotiators unaware, or ignore severe irrepairable damage to EU automotive&defense industries of hard Brexit. Those industries now likely to relocate from EU much production to keep eligibility and/or access to US/UK industrial mkt.  
As the Leader of the Opposition, Jeremy and his office have chosen to  not once tweet about Brexit in the last month, today instead choosing to tweet about #NationalAllotmentWeek. Give me strength. 
Perhaps it is time the likes of the Super dry boss and others like him should understand that the British electorate can’t be bought that our democratic rights are worth far more than their fat wallets. Respect the referendum. We voted out. How insulting. 
and I hear and read more these kind of stories every day. Brexit has unleashed a monster and none of the 2 big parties are saying anything about this. This is getting ridiculous.  
A clear anti-Brexit position would help ⁦@UKLabour⁩ in the polls, new research shows.Opposing Brexit would boost Labour’s chances, polling for @BestForBritain and @HopeNotHate shows.So give the people a say, with the option to stay. #PeoplesVote.  
Brexit jobs lost so far: 169 895 from 260 companies and organisations.Despite UK still in the EU.Not a single job will be lost said @jeremycorbyn#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Fave for having a nice night in with a veggie frittata. Retweet for HOW ABOUT STOPPING BREXIT.  
Nonsense! The EU would simply be applying their rules to a 3rd country as laid down in EU law. You want a no-deal. If it happens you will be responsible for the consequences. #PeoplesVote #brexit  
If they cannot cope with the workload of brexit, they shouldn't have initiated this unnecessary and unwanted process. It's a waste of resources, let alone an act of vandalism on the nation. It's like asking for more money because of the heavy workload to knock your own house down  
In this age of austerity and “no magic money tree”, MPs are the only public sector workers to receive a substantial pay increase over the past 8 years, and yet they now want the taxpayer to fork out even more money on their ridiculously inflated expenses because of Brexit.  
Brexit is about deregulation and the destruction of liberal values: once the Brexiters have isolated us from the powerful economic and political bloc of which we are an important part, they’ll asset-strip us and destroy our democracy. Brexit is a fascist coup. 
Dear @Jacob_Rees_Mogg the money he has donated is earmarked purely to commission polling. So why are you so worried? If #brexit truly was the #willofthepeople his money would actually help brexit happen!Is the reason you are so upset is that polls will show brexit is dying?  
So are you going to ask for an annulment of the 2016 result which was largely bought with Arron Banks' millions and the money of tax-dodging billionaire #Brexit press barons. 
There is no popular support in the country for a so-called “people’s vote” on a Brexit deal. What most people want is for the politicians to get on with implementing the real people’s vote we had in June 2016.  
Strange.  In this pre referendum video Mogg doesn’t mention a no deal.  
Labour backing Brexit = 5% boost for Tories. Labour Brexit policy means more cuts, more austerity, and worse life chances for millions. @jeremycorbyn must grab this opportunity & back a #PeoplesVote 
3/ In particular, the government can't seriously claim the moral high ground now when one of its Brexit ministers referred to @The3Million as playing cards: 
In Edinburgh for the festival & was pleased to find @Femi_Sorry @OFOCBrexit there for @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVoteScot rally. Massive support here in Scotland for #peoplesvote on Brexit deal  
You would not seek to destroy a country unless you had something to gain from it. Now look at those behind the Leave campaign. This isn't about what's best for the country. #brexit is about what is best for them. They don't care about the country or the people of this nation 
Labour 'finished' if it backs Brexit in a snap election, says Adonis  
Britain is now more firmly behind Brexit than it was at the time of the referendum:  
Here's the full text of the new Telegraph article on the government's position on the rights of @The3Million in the event of no deal Brexit. A few thoughts. 1/  
BOYCOTT #Superdry  Clothing, He pays pennies to SWEAT SHOP Workers then donates £1 Million to "Stop Brexit fund"....  
3/ now with no deal Brexit looming, something I had zero say in and wasn't even allowed to vote in, they realise that the economy needs us. Bloody late. And bloody insulting. 
1/ EU citizens allowed to stay in case of no deal Brexit because of labour shortages - UK Govt claiming moral high ground.Moral f'ing high ground my fat German derriere. I really feel valued now. 20 years on this island and I am 'allowed to stay' because of labour shortages?  
Brexit education for those who didn't know what they were voting for.We pay a subsidy of £16 billion per annum to EU27 producers because of the EU’s tariff and non-tariff barriers 
Holy crap. This is a long thread. It is both saddening and horrifying. Just look at all the UK jobs that have ALREADY gone because of Brexit - and we haven't even left the EU yet.  
Despite the Tories and the BBC misinformation , the 2016 leave vote has been shown to have been criminally procured - see  . As a result, there is no lawful basis for "brexit", and every MP who supports it is now in breach of #5 of their Code of Conduct 
After 2 years of incessant whining, pathetic petitions, FBPE hashtags, ‘Despite Brexit’ headlines & celebrity endorsed #PeoplesVote nonsense - it finally feels like the tide is turning. All Leavers wanted was what they voted for: #Brexit. Now they’re galvanising to fight for it. 
“If Labour becomes an accomplice to Brexit, it is finished,” Lord Adonis said. “If people want Brexit, they‘ll vote for the party that really believes in it, not the one that is being led to support it against its most profound convictions & misgivings.”  
A clear anti-Brexit position would help Labour in the polls according to new research. Opposing Brexit would help Labour to build a fairer society and boost its chances of getting into government too.Help us get the word out. Please share  
UK Govt claiming 'moral high ground' for not deporting EU citizens in case of no deal Brexit. Not because of human decency but because of potential labour shortages. Moral high ground looks different. EU citizens: welcome until no longer needed. @Number10gov, we got the message. 
Ms. Arrimadas, please do not project the state’s use of violence onto #Catalonia. They are a peaceful and democratic people. It was Madrid that drew first blood during the 1-O referendum.  
Campaign-funded YouGov poll points to the LDs getting to within 2 points of LAB if the red team backs Brexit  via @MSmithsonPB 
We ignore this risk & play politics at our extreme peril. The EU project has run its course. Let us ignore party loyalties to face out May & her clique of EU fanatics. This is a first priority to dwarf all others. Unite & fight for Brexit.  
Hey, #PeoplesVoteScot folk: if you want to stop #Brexit you should campaign for and help deliver Scottish independence, because even Theresa May agrees that indy would ruin Brexit:  
The shadow of Brexit may make it tougher for the NHS to fill its 40,000-odd nurse vacancies from abroad  
Conveniently forgetting to include that both Leave campaigns were found guilty of breaking electoral law and collusion during the 2016 Referendum for which they're now the subject of police criminal investigations.....not to mention the DUP shenanigans. 
And in the medium term we need a change in the law to enable criminal prosecutions of the clique who are currently seeking to inflict massive suffering in the British people in the pursuit of their self-interest. They are not politicians, they are criminals. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
New YouGov poll commissioned by an anti-Brexit campaign group points to big electoral price that LAB would pay if continues to back Brexit 
'Senior Labour figures are considering how to head off a concerted attempt by remain-supporting members to stage a vote at its annual conference calling for a second referendum.' This, for me, remains the key reason I wont join @UKLabour. 1/3 
1. We should have been given this right immediately after the referendum as promised.2. Would anybody happen to have the full article or a breakdown of key points?  
@VesperUK Their panic is because Mogg and his associates will have placed large financial "bets" on the UK leaving the EU on 29 March 2019. They are now becoming desperate - in reality "brexit" is a major financial crime, and when Britain now stops it, they will face large losses 
My article in SUNDAY TELEGRAPH:We are Europe’s most formidable defence power. Our commitment to European security is unconditional. As threats diversify and become more complex they demand a new security partnership & our participation should not be limited by any Brexit talks.  
As someone said the other day, I am sweating like a Brexiteer at a second referendum.  
I find myself consumed by Brexit, I have never known any other issue to continually occupy  my mind for this long. Ultimately, it’s frustration at not having the power to stop the madness that is dividing and ultimately ending the United Kingdom if Brexit happens. 
We want THE Real Brexit we voted forWe urge Mrs May to read alternative proposal to her Fake #BrexitWe believe UK will be better off outside EUWe will be far stronger when we can truly govern ourselves after March 2019We are not fearful of independence 
will surprise no one to learn that the poor man can’t even post a nice picture of his dinner without weirdos screeching WAT ABOUT BREXIT JERMOY in the replies  
Someone’s getting worried! This is the post of a desperate man. You know the tide has turned and people have realised #brexit is a terrible idea. Sorry Moggy. The game is up. Brexit will be stopped. Your only chance is to settle for an EEA/CU deal. 
Ford has issued a #Brexit warning to British politicians that it will take “whatever action is needed” to protect its business.The ominous words came after the company blamed uncertainty over Brexit for a colossal £760m drop in its European earnings in 2017.- The Independent 
BREXIT: Is public support shifting toward a second EU referendum? / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Ooh, I have questions for @NaveedAJamali and @MalcolmNance: Why is the NGA's West Executive facility in St. Louis and what connection does it have to the Civil War?Oh. and Oregon?You called people racists and LARPers. When was the St. Louis referendum on this? 
A non-partisan observation. The country is bitterly divided over Brexit. A bitterly divided country is famously lousy at disruptive change, as the executive can't establish a clear consensus for action. So Britain urgently needs some consensus in order to thrive after Brexit. /1 
Big fan of yours, Jeremy, BUT HOW ABOUT STOPPING BREXIT instead of prating on about gardening?? 
EU migrants will be given right to stay in event of no-deal Brexit amid fears of labour shortages, Cabinet papers reveal 
I’m sorry, I must have dozed off. Would someone be a love and tell me what our government’s current Brexit position is. Thanks in advance, Myrtle. 
Sigh. Mitch Benn is spreading lies for the #FBPE echo chamber again.  Labour has opposed virtually all of the Tory Brexit legislation. Try reading up on Amendment 58. Try recalling the vote on the Trade Bill that Labour opposed but senior Lib-Dems couldn't be arsed to turn up to.  
Oh my. Just like #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw & bought the Brexit vote? Or the promised 350 million/wk to the NHS?  
Broadcasters Nigel Farage should NOT be allowed to insist we can't be in the Single Market like Norway is without being confronted with a real like this showing how he sold Brexit during the EU ref.  
17 brilliant infographics (and other things) that nail all manner of Brexit bollocks 
Don’t forget 1993. Boris Yeltsin shelled his own parliament and at least 187 people were killed in the fighting. The US later supported his referendum (with $1.6 billion in aid), which created a “hyper-presidential” system in Russia & destroyed its nascent democracy.  
Leaving the EU on WTO terms; pulling down the barriers to world trade. Fascinating article from ⁦@lawyers4britain⁩ #Brexit  
Britain is now more firmly behind Brexit than during the EU referendum, Downing Street says 
When will the establishment understand? Brexit was the result of 17.4 million patriots voting for freedom - people that will not, that cannot, be bought.  
Catching up re chatter that Scotland must save rUK from itself on #Brexit. However, unless People’s Vote respects outcome where Scotland again votes Remain, what’s the point? If England again votes Leave, in ‘UK-wide’ PV, we’re still stuffed. Indy puts choice in Scotland’s hands! 
@JDBakewell  I’m a Labour Peer and oppose Brexit. I will continue to do so in the months ahead. We are many... they are not as many! 
Exclusive: MPs demand bigger expenses budget to cope with additional workload 'created by Brexit'  
New York Times splashing on austerity Britain, very good piece. Brexit is masking so much in the UK. (Interesting for geeky ex-digital editors of legacy news brands that they published it online nearly three days before splashing on it in print.)  
BREXIT SHOCK: 100 Tories to rebel against May deal as Brexiteers fight back  
There's a number in our Party who know Jeremy has it wrong on Brexit but keep quiet out of some sense of loyalty.Feel free to call for change. Dissent is part of the democratic process. We've exhibited with every Leader for 118 years. It makes our Party. 
Mine too, take it from someone who used to vote @conservatives, is now a @LibDems member but would vote for @UKLabour if their position on #Brexit changed. I put my country above party, how about you?  
I did not vote for the tories in 2010 or 2015 or actually ever.  Therefore I never voted for an EU referendum to be run 
When we stop the Brexit catastrophe I'm not stopping, going to make sure the lying unethical journalists at the BBC that aided it get exposed #JustSaying 
Isnt it a slap in the face that half of England is begging Scotland to save it from the other half of England?Brexit is England's problem. England should fix it.Scotland doesn't want any part in the unfolding Brexit Civil War.Scotland will take the Indy road instead thanks! 
Thanks to everyone for the support for @DerryGirlsAB over the past few days.Tomorrow we launch our petition to ask powers in Belfast, Dublin, London and Brussels to listen to our voices. This is just the beginning. Together we can #MakeThemListen to stop Brexit borders here.  
Ha, ha! Voters were bought off by rich Leave donors during the EU referendum campaign. Guess you don't read the newspapers. 
Dave Simonds on No-deal Brexit preparations – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The red leave bus is already doomed if it makes a return.Every remain group has targeted itIt'll meet mass protest this timeBrexit, take your hat on the way out  
This is one of the blatant examples of misuse of statistics I've ever seen."Most people — 55 per cent — are against a second in-out referendum" - appears to include the 15% who don't know.Sends me the message that the country is as split today as it was two years ago.  
Good isn't it. First there was Soros throwing billions into the pot in an attempt to deny the will our people in regard to brexit and now the Frog president Macron is conspiring with remainers in an attempt to do the same. FFS this is subversion. Say something Mrs May. . . . .!! 
soooo, how’s brexit going then?  
Rees Mogg's hysterical overreaction to the democratic consultation of the people, once the deal is defined, is an admission that Brexit is no longer the will of the people. Assuming it ever was.  
Poland has deported Top Soros Organizer and Agitator back to Ukraine. It's time Britain did the same and punished those people who are aiding and abetting him in his attempts to overturn the referendum result. 
I believe a second referendum would be a trap - here's my interview on Channel 4  
So.... Brexit can't be bought like...Your party paying off the DUP to cling to power?Your party MPs promising £350M to the NHS?Your party breaking the law spending £449,000 over the limit?Cambridge Analytica? 
If Brexit is such a brilliant idea, what is the problem in people voting for it a second time, only this time with a clue as to what Brexit actually means? 
The #midterms aren't just a referendum on #Trump, they're a referendum on if we believe all the world's intelligence agencies combined or a handful of ignorant racist Nazi assholes marching under the banner of a cartoon frog.#Resist #TraitorTrump #FirstAmendment #Freewayblogger pic.twitter.com/6HPlWDf09E 
Across #Britain millions are completely unaware about why the #EU was started, how it functions and what are its benefits. Help to spread knowledge about the EU by sharing this 4-minute video. Because knowledge is our best defence against #Brexit. Link:  
The £1m donation from the SuperDry guy is for polling. Because a ton of constituencies have ditched support for Brexit.Polling doesn’t “buy” anything... except knowledge. Is that what you are anxious about, Mr Rees-Mogg?  
Remainers really do know dick all about the EU. They accuse Brexiters of appealing to emotion rather than fact but the entire continuity remain movement is one giant right-on virtue signal toward what they imagine the EU is rather than what it actually is. #Brexit 
There seems to be a marked increase in Twitter conflict recently.Surely this is no coincidence, it's simply the powerful populists ramping up their armies of trolls as they see the public dangerously moving towards realising that the Brexit they were promised isn't deliverable? 
Nigel Farage says he feels "more strongly" about leaving the European Union than he did at the time of the referendum. 
This is v interesting but we need to have a different govt mindset for anything like this to be acted upon. It all falls back to first principles: is Brexit a huge problem to be “managed” or is it an exciting chance for real transformation?  
Something we said Rory? Forgive us if we don't like being condescended whilst being asked for help to fix the thing we didn't break. Your Twitter rants reveal you only give a damn about Scotland when its to help protect England from Brexit. Otherwise it's shut up & obey #indyref2 
Sarah sums up my thoughts in this thread. As a pro-EU, Englishman living in Scotland, my campaigning priority is Scottish independence - we voted to remain: a people's vote over Brexit is a distraction.  
If u think gun control debate is over, wait until the elections this fall. Ds see chance to cut into R govs. Any places Ds take control, one of the first issues pushed will be gun control. This might be normal pickup, but media will portray as referendum  
Just to remind everyone there was over 16k people in Dundee for #AUOB march in support of Scottish Independence yesterday.Compared with less than 100 in the middle of Edinburgh during the festival for some people wanting a 2nd Brexit vote. This is just another squirrel 
Yup. Agree with this. We have a job to do, and that's getting the Tories out of power and stopping a lunatic cliff-edge WTO Brexit.  We also have another job to do, which is to make sure antisemitism is purged from our party. The Bitterites aren't helping  
Brexit could put one of Europe’s greatest success stories at risk.  
Being a zookeeper with youngest on Tuesday & seeing the superlative @TheNickRevell with the oldest on Thursday. Absolutely love the #EdFest. Can’t believe we’ll soon need a passport to come here, thanks to Brexit.  
Remoaner logic:"It's for Scotland to decide constitutional stuff (or should be)"But if you filthy, thick plebs vote for Brexit then it's NOT your decision to make; you should be hectored, bullied, lectured and patronised by smug remainers like me.#brexit  
A FRENCH MP has said that there is no concern in his country about a no-deal Brexit as the idea is “so radical that it is difficult to imagine it” Never thought we'd see 400k illegal migrant Africans in the Paris suburb of Seine-Saint-Denis either. But we have.So f##k off. 
OK who's up for joining the Tory Party en masse to balance out an influx of Brexit jihadis…?  
Will - brexit will paralyse the transport infrastructure .. take it from me .. I’ve covered a million miles in Europe on sameday european transport and still go out twice a week .. we must remain !! 
Another poll another Labour leadConservatives have only led in 2 of the 16 polls since Chequers BrexitIn the 16 polls before Chequers they led Labour in 14  
Possibly the most hysterically ridiculous anti-Brexit tweet I have seen this year.   
The call for us to 'help save England' from Brexit assumes the people of England are helpless and that we can do anything about it.They aren't and we can't. #PeoplesVoteScot 
Brexit supporters romanticising the past, claiming we can survive Brexit food shortages because we survived with rationing during WWII. They’ve gone from saying we will have a fat plate by leaving to now saying food rationing wouldn’t be so bad.  
Is it just me, or is there a whole heap of new accounts trying to convince us to put the fight against Brexit before independence? 
Such a credit to the UK. I often ponder who is really to blame for Brexit - Farage or Cameron - but, on balance, Farage started the whole anti EU atmosphere whilst taking the huge salary + a pension pot most of us can only dream of. He is VILE. 
Brexit: Ford warns UK it will take 'whatever action is needed' after profits hit. The car company blamed withdrawal from the EU for a £760m drop in profitability in 2017  
The worst way to abuse someone on Twitter is to tell them that you oppose Brexit for a slightly different reason than they do. Actually that's the second worst. The worst is to explain to them that in fact you don't love Britain. Just vile. 
The Labour Party. The clue is in the name.For 115 years we fought for jobs, living standards and protections for ordinary working people.For 2 years Leadership has ignored the truth and supported this Brexit calamity.There's just 2 months to save the country.#PeoplesVote 
Rory Bremner as quoted in March 2013:  "Coming back to Scotland in the run-up to the Referendum, I realised I knew almost nothing about Scottish Politics." It is now August 2018 and sadly he still knows almost nothing... 
Latin American documentary challenges Spain's version of Catalan referendum  
Re Brexit:If the neoliberal politicians that have been in charge for approximately 40 years had listened to the concerns of the working class instead of disenfranchising them further, Brexit would’ve never happened.Make your bed, lie in it. 
This isn’t a ‘Brexit for the people’ Instead of these tired cliches govt should set out who will be set to lose from a hard no-deal Brexit if & when the current deal implodes. Contingency planning must include a #PeoplesVote 
Over 650,000 people have signed our petition calling for a #FinalSay on Brexit - add your name here  
This is what I’ve been warning everyone about. Leave means Leave, the Institute of Economic Affairs & a number of other organisations all attend a fortnightly meeting arranged by the TPA & Brexit Central. They are all tied to the waist & actively pushing a dangerous agenda.  
No one should be surprised by a shift to Leave since the Referendum. When asked “do you agree the EU is trying to bully the UK in the Brexit negotiations”, 67 per cent agreed or strongly agreed.Why would the British peope want to stay part of a protectionist, bullying cartel?  
Europe is facing its biggest crisis since WW2 & the EU is largely to blame. EU leaders are hell bent on creating a United States of Europe and forcing countries to accept ever more refugees and economic migrants.  They even want their own Army to enforce it. Thank God for Brexit.  
#Brexit voters aren't thick aren't as thick as Remainers think we are.The reason you spend a cool  £1 million on polls is because you know the polling company is going to ask the right questions, of the right people, to get you exactly the result you paid for.#PeoplesVote 
Seriously had enough of her weak leadership and her continual betrayal of #Brexit, her continued deceit and pretence is flabbergasting !!GET HER OUT !!!  
Most of those who have changed their minds over Brexit are Remainers who would now vote Leave, new poll says.  
Superdry co-founder gives £1m to Brexit vote campaign  
This so called #PeoplesVote for a 2nd referendum on Brexit being banded about on the Brit MSM I told You this would happen They are completely ignoring Scotland right for self determination and want us to follow in england's foot steps Get Stuffed !!#indyref2 
When people die on trolleys in hospital corridors... when our elderly relatives are left to starve in their homes... when schools are crumbling... thisBrexit is a scandalous, immoral waste of YOUR hard earned taxes. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Channel 4 dripping with anti-Brexit bias. Former BBC front man Gavin Esler now firmly outed as a deranged remaniac displaying all the usual bullying nonsense we’ve come to expect from his kind.  
The ERG don't care about no-deal facts. They know a brutally hard no-deal #Brexit would create great opportunities for disaster-capitalist profiteering, destroy the economic basis of the welfare state and force the UK to become a tax haven style economy. ERG heaven!#PeoplesVote 
We need to unite as a Brexit front that cannot be broken. Drop all party & marginal loyalties to concentrate on the big one. Be prepared for the big push. Unity must be our strength @Nigel_Farage @BorisJohnson 
VERY important reminder to remoaners who think they can overturn the peoples #Brexit decision here  
Interesting.The SNP support stopping Brexit. Anonymous accounts saying they are Indy supporters are suddenly all over Twitter supporting Brexit.The Russians opened a digital  propaganda office in Edinburgh last year. Hmm 
Because if #Brexit doesn’t happen very rich Tory party sponsors could lose £hundreds of millions as a result of EU anti tax avoidance laws which would mean they had to pay their fair share towards crumbling public services instead of hiding wealth in offshore tax havens. 
Great to have @gavinesler publicly advocating a referendum on the final #Brexit deal negotiated by @theresa_may . No democrat should be opposed to that @Channel4News 
Labour & #Remain both need to curb the influence of the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press. We should unite against it. But to do that Labour has to oppose Brexit. So long as Labour backs Brexit it cannot properly fight against the right-wing press#PeoplesVote 
Remain have pretty much decided that we are all inferior minds, slaves to the media and Nigel Farage. They think Brexit is a populist nationalist resurgence. Never occurs to them that we want to leave because the EU is an objectionable entity. It's why their campaign is tone deaf 
The campaign for a second #Brexit referendum just got a 1 million pound boost.  
Farage 1) May "would never let a WTO #Brexit happen"2) The government's no deal preparations are a sham 3) "Is this a genuine change of heart by the Government? No! I’ll tell you why they are doing it and that's Boris Johnson"@angelneptustar 
The Tory Party was given a very important job to do (Brexit) and you have made a complete mess of it. 
I'm joining the Tory party its short of members I voted for it last time to get brexit instead of ukip now I'm going to vote for a brexit pm 
No 10 communications officer uses poll in the Sun to justify wrecking the country with an advisory referendum based on electoral fraud, gerrymandered electorate, foreign manipulation and social media interference and irregularity Strong and stable just got stupid and unsafe  
More Leave bullshit. 2/3 of UK immigration is from the non EU 3rd world and comes here on UK visas. NOWT to do with the EU. 100% of 3rd world immigrants come here on UK issued visas.Brexit is increasing 3rd world immigration into the UK. No wonder nobody trusts you. 
List of people scare-mongering: The BMA. TUC , Bank of England, Ford, Nissan Honda, BAE, ASDA, Tesco, BT Group, Jaguar Land Rover, CISCO, Astra Zeneca, Manchester Airport, Mothercare, Ocado, Prudential, Rolls Royce, Santander. But  @Nigel_Farage  is telling you the truth Hmmm. 
You can tell that the People’s Vote is coming, as the media and some politicians are now arguing about the format of the vote. It’s just Remain or Leave. That’s it, no fudging or further attempts at vote rigging. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
96% of people asked (and 100% of concrete cows) in #MiltonKeynes think Brexit is going badly, regardless of how they voted in the EU referendum. Time to back a #PeoplesVote @MarkLancasterMK and @iainastewart!  
Why are they sending folk from down south to Scotland to help them reverse Brexit? I think we did our bit when we voted against it...better concentrate on your ain home ground....not ours. 
There’s a huge call for you to debate the NHS & Brexit with @doctor_oxford - what about a special 1hr head to head programme on your @LBC programme. I’m sure many on here would support it and if you’re so convinced of your views you wouldn’t be worried about it would you? 
@VesperUK There in a nutshell you have Mogg's policy . I have asked for Parliament to now establish the total value of derivatives contracts Mogg and his associates have placed to mature end March 2019. Do add your voice to my request.  "Brexit" is simply a huge financial crime. 
As I say, there is already a path for Scotland to reject Brexit. A consistent one. I’d ask them to support us in that. But I also think my campaign advice to them is good. Scotland on the whole doesn’t need convinced Brexit is bad news. We know! We didn’t vote for it! 
This was only a matter of time. As the result of the EU referendum showed, Brexit is England's problem. In Scotland our eyes must #Remain fixed on independence. 
Winston Churchill in seeking to end the curse of rabid nationalism in Europe, was a passionate advocate of a United States of Europe, and in the early 1960s, after the UK had lost its empire, he supported UK entry into the EEC (leave lie debunked). #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
Theresa May’s Chequers deal will make her the Neville Chamberlain of our generation. May will attempt to force her Chequers deal on the UK. It undermines everything Brexiteers supported, effectively reverses the referendum & imposes EU membership in all but name.  We need new PM. pic.twitter.com/6L6y5dpuTa 
Derry Girls Against Borders are grateful to those who have already shared your stories of concern about Brexit borders. Keep them coming!! We want those with power to hear your voice!If you have a story send to us here @DerryGirlsAB or derrygirlsagainstborders@gmail.comRT 
As an EU citizen I had no vote in #EUref. I couldn't care less about #PeoplesVote. #Brexit should be stopped and crimes investigated first. What I want is #indyref2 to end this farce. And by the way, we have a mandate for it already, so bring it on ASAP. 
...I don’t accept the claim that #Brexit prevents big new housing, infrastructure and pro-poor tax policies from happening. I set out why May doesn’t have any excuses in a piece for @UnHerd at end of last year 
Quick follow up: Note our article does not blame the EU as Times coverage implies. Prob is complex, incl structural power of supermarkets, ‘goldplating’ by member states, creation of consumer prefs.  Nor do we suggest Brexit as cure. Far from it. Read free  
Bye Bye Heidi enjoy the #Chuka partyWe are all joining the @Conservatives by the thousand @ £25 a year or £2.09 a month to get a vote on the next PM & save #Brexit#StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave @Arron_bank@andywigmore @LeaveMnsLeave @StandUp4Brexit 
Former CEO of Vote Leave, founder of the TaxPayers Alliance, #Legatum Senior Fellow, at one time befriended by expelled Russian spy Sergey Nalobin, Matthew Elliott stands firm in defence of electoral crime. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Our Westminster Leader @LSRPlaid outlines new polling data obtained by Plaid Cymru showing more people than ever think Brexit will be bad for Wales in @thesundaytimes & @NationCymru 
.@Nigel_Farage joins Tory Brexit group @LeaveMnsLeave as he prepares to return to the front line of British politics. He knows that only by electing a Brexiteer PM can we save Brexit.You can play your part by joining the Conservatives today!  
WATCH EDDIE MARSAN EXPLAIN WHY HE WANTS A 'PEOPLE'S VOTE' ON THE BREXIT DEAL  
No it’s disgusting that #Brexit braggers can’t see (and don’t care) about reality it hurts people and fractured our alliances.  And NI faces the stress of troubles and all YOU do is defend your position by attacking remainers who CARE. Shameful!  
EU BACKS CHEQUERS DEAL so we stay under their thumb, & they can keep bleeding us dry.  #May will pretend she has kept to red line, inveterate liar as usual.   @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson   @theresa_may #Brexit  
#fbpe and all RemainersKeep up the good work.Given the desperate level of totally insane, illogical anti-EU rhetoric I've seen today I think the leavers are desperate.They can't make any argyenents for Brexit benefit (there are none)PLEASE KEEP GOINGPolitely point out truth 
#quote "Almost half of voters ALREADY reckon that the political classes in Britain are making heavy weather of Brexit in the vain + misguided belief they can get the public to change their mind."Never wise to try to bamboozle Joe Public. Anger is brewing. 
Amazingly, our silly little Brexit game is one of the "Top Stories" on the AP today <3  
I can only think of two good things to come from Brexit... 1) The amazing comunity that's come together to fight it and... 2) We're gonna Stop It! 
Lies.Electoral fraud.Lies.Disenfranchisement of highly affected potential voters.Lies.Data harvesting.Lies.#Brexit sold as all things to all men.Lies.And finally, I’ll never respect #Brexit - it’s an elitist coup for tax avoiders propped up by ignorance. 
Literally any Brexit — from a no deal catastrophe to the softest Norway+++ and everything in between — satisfies the referendum result. The only question on the ballot was leave the EU, yes or no? Nothing else was covered. 
Scot Nats *still* going on about independence in the face of Brexit take the biscuit don't they? Why wouldn't they ditch that to work with us for a People's Vote? That would give Scotland a possibility of maybe getting what it voted for, on one topic. What more could they want? 
Madeleina, would you and Femi (and others) be willing to travel to Wales to help counteract any damage that will be done by farage and the travelling loony bus? They won the referendum by lying to good people. PLEASE help limit their damage again. 
Britain's military has provided 25% of Europe's total defence force, and has led the way with Galileo (GPS project).And what does the EU do? It decides to kick Britain out of the Galileo project.These are our 'European friends and partners'?#Brexit  
Here’s link to petition asking for a referendum on the final deal. Takes 30 secs to sign.  
"The government is delivering a Brexit for the people"#Chequers means:People movementContinued acceptance of EU rulesA backstop that would allow Northern Ireland to be separated from the rest of the UK.Be sure to support #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #ChequersPlan 
Absolute hogwash. How much did the Sun pay for this online poll for Brexit spin-doctors to tweet out?Every credible pollster shows a growing majority to #Remain in the EU as the country turns against Brexit. Call a #PeoplesVote and put it to the test. 
“Leave voters will not thank us for delivering a Brexit that makes them worse off or undermines their fragile economic security. Remain voters may never forgive us.” George Freeman, one of the Tory party’s most thoughtful MPs, on his party’s existence.  
Polite reminder:The Leave campaign achieved their desired outcome by cheating and breaking the law. They had no plan, they still have no plan, they want to leave with no plan, this they are calling a No Deal Brexit because they were too incompetent to negotiate a deal. OK? 
"The government is delivering a Brexit for the people"Are you kidding me? The #ChequersPlan breaches each of the three red lines. It fails to give control on borders, laws/rules and it provides a backstop that would destroy the UK union.Please, support #StandUp4Brexit 
The government is delivering nothing. Chequers isn’t Brexit, it’s a continuation of the status quo wrapped up in some fancy jargon. MPs need to #StandUp4Brexit or Corbyn will be the next PM. Marxism is a heavy price to pay for a deal no one wants. 
BBC News - Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder . BBC have to put a video of Nigel Farage halfway through this article. False balance. They just can’t let one positive article be published without trying to diminish it. BBC bias. #FBPE 
Co-founder of the fashion brand Superdry said he has donated $1.28 million to a group seeking a new referendum on Britain's departure from the European Union.  
We had a referrendum in 1975 and voted to stay in. Then we tried EU membership for 45 years. In 2016 we had another referrendum and decided to leave. This second referendum was the people's vote. No one can say we didn't give EU membership a try.  
You know when the reactionary Brexit Elite try to portray themselves as ‘outsiders’ on the side of workers who voted Leave because their towns were left behind by reactionary Govt policy but know full well that Brexit will make things way worse for these same people?I HATE THAT 
The SNP was strongly opposed to Brexit and as far as I'm aware, still is. But every time the FM has tried to offer her opinion to the PM on which route we should take, she's told to leave it to the grown ups to deal with.Nah, the union's done. 
How can Brexiters argue that UK employment rates are at their highest since 1971, but also that EU membership has COST jobs? And how can they justify using this argument to support the government while ignoring the fact that Brexit WILL cause mass unemployment? #PeoplesVote 
Absolute nonsense.You can't even decide amongst yourselves what kind of Brexit you want, never mind having any chance of it being agreed by the EU.Every single analysis says Brexit will be a disaster for the UK.Stop. It. Now.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
The government is delivering a Brexit for the people; but that’s not all that it’s been up to since Easter.  
Brexit dividend. Imagine how many nurses we could hire with the wages of MEPs.   
EU citizens are being *made* to pay £65 each for settled status (free pre #Brexit)Oooooh.... I got my calculator out, that's a lot of money for the government 's coffers. @The3Million are a nice cash cow to them. 
#PeoplesVoteScot is a Trojan horse. Scotland defeats Brexit with independence. 
In other words, no matter how much Brexit destroys Scotland, it's all worth it until England decides we need to rejoin the EU. 
“We should be in no doubt: Leave voters will not thank us for delivering a Brexit that makes them worse off or undermines their fragile economic security. Remain voters may never forgive us.”  My full piece on ⁦@ConHome⁩ here: 
Hello #PeoplesVote halfwits,We’ve had the people’s voteRemember the EU Referendum in June 2016? When the government spent £9m sending us a Remain leaflet & we still voted #Brexit?Remember? That was your chance. We voted LeaveTaNormal people who respect democracy 
Julia, what will you do if the next Referendum, if it ever happens, was a Leave vote? Will you accept? Or will you still say we didn't know enough? How many elections will we have to rerun because you don't like the outcome, or the level of knowledge isn't 'right'? 
Wrong! The union is our enemy. Brexit is a civil war within the unionist establishment. Independence remains the goal of the independence movement. Never disturb your enemy when he is doing your job for you.  
Tony, why don't you accept the June 23rd 2016 Referendum result? Largest people's vote in our history, BTW. 
@Arron_banks @NickyMorgan01 Tories under hapless TM will be unelectable for a generation & Liebour & Libdums. Those who 'lent' their UKIP vote to Tories who lied that only they could deliver Brexit won't do it again. The old days of two party politics is now over, see it and weep 
When are our MPs going to grow a pair and stop this from happening? Brexit is now so diluted that Robinsons should use it in their next orange squash advertising campaign.  
Whilst we're pumping out 'Build it in Britain' and 'Jobs First Brexit' nonsense, in the real world companies are making plans to take jobs and prosperity out of the UK.Will the real @UKLabour please stand up, this is a dereliction of duty.#StopBrexit 
Tories need to get a new leader who will deliver the #Brexit that 17.4m of us voted forIf they can't get it thro Parliament, Tories need to de-select all their traitor MPs & call an election so they can get it through in the new ParliamentWe will not accept the #BrexitBetrayal 
True , then get on with a proper Brexit ..  
Please don’t retweet this video of pre-referendum Jacob Reed-Mogg telling a select committee that Brexit could lead to a Switzerland or Norway-like arrangement. Apparently he doesn’t like having his hypocrisy repeatedly exposed.  
Reading a great book on holiday; The Waiting Time by Gerald Seymour. However his description of East Germany sounds like the future that awaits us after Brexit.  You know that old saying about being in a hole?  It’s time we stopped digging and started building. say NO to Brexit!! 
Yup. And that is where the difficulty arises. We are expected to endorse their 2nd referendum with no respect for what Scotland decides and if it goes wrong go down with their Brexitised UK. Isolated, alone, economically devastated and stockpiling supplies. 
A no deal Brexit will happen *only* if the UK insist on one. 
Hi @AndrewRosindell,We have an feeling that you’re pro #Brexit. We wondered if you would join the growing number of MPs to #StandUp4Brexit and join our grassroots campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan It would be great if you joined us. We’d love a video from you too  
And that's the key point.Consider how the EU is representing  Ireland in the Brexit negotiations, with how Westminster is treating Scotland in them. It's no contest. 
We can “turn this around,” with a cheque for a cool £1 million against Brexit.When people like Soros and Dunkerton use language like this, what they really mean is that their vast coffers can be used to undermine the democratic verdict of 17.4 million ordinary people.  
You'll hear a lot about #WTO ('no-deal') #Brexit from the likes of Jacob Rees-Mogg, Iain Duncan-Smith & Owen Paterson over the coming months. Judging by what they've said about it so far, it'll be at best misleading, at worst outright lies.#StandUp2Brexit #FBPE #WATON #FinalSay 
ARCH-REMAINER Lord Adonis has claimed that Nigel Farage's "political comeback" is confirmation that even the most ardent Brexiteers know that a second referendum is inevitable, just as the People's Vote campaign received a whopping £1m donation. 
Anyway, it's painkiller time so I'll finish this unintentionally long thread (apologies, this is the trouble thinking gets me into).Do I support a people's vote on Brexit? Yes, but I also understand it's not the only issue at hand here - it's just not that simple.(11/11) 
Nigel Farage's return highlights the Brexit reality. There was never a single, unified vision of what leaving the EU would look like. His vision vastly differs from the chequers plan but both would be deeply damaging to the UK. That's why we need a #peoplesvote on the deal 
I’m a bit confused, Reed Mog it telling off the Bank of England for making economic predictions, part of their remit, but at the same time predicting, without any evidence to back his own claims, a wonderful shiny boom after Brexit. How I loathe this charlatan! 
An overwhelming 62 per cent say they have not changed their minds on #Brexit Those who have are mostly Remainers who would now vote Leave.Many people are deeply sceptical about the tedious stumbling blocks that have bogged down the process.#BrexitNow 
Most voters didn’t know what the single market or the customs union was before the referendum. In fact a lot of politicians didn’t know either. Complete madness 
I’ve lived outside the UK for 10 years now, and I’m trying to get a handle on the shift in public life which is making many British Jews anxious, mostly about Corbyn but also Brexit and other things. This thread is useful  
Nigel Farage: "I feel more strongly about this now than I did at the time of the referendum" 
I find it unsettling how the liberal media normalises  Anna Soubry who has destroyed her constituency through austerity. The line between #Brexit and austerity is straight and leads to the heart of Tory ideology.  
Ford blames Brexit for a near- $1billion fall in profits.Car giant may scale back in the UK if Brexit goes ahead, saying it 'will take whatever action needed'.Brexit is putting jobs at risk. Hold a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit. 
This ‘Defence Union’:1. It’s political, industrial, financial and regulatory integration of defence.2. The UK joined it since the Brexit vote.3. The Chequers Plan proposes to stay in it.4. Media haven’t understood it and haven’t reported it.  
Time for Labour and Remainers to unite against #Brexit and against the Brexit press. Let's throw 20 years of lies, hate, political interference and tax-dodging back at them over and over again. They are enemies of democracy. Let's bring them down! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
If we as human groups can't get rid of Trump, stop Boris Johnson STEALING power and stop a deranged hard Brexit then we are going to fail miserably at tackling climate change and species extinction. The veneer of civilisation is thin enough yet predators are tearing it down  
Hmm blue momentum , otherwise known as Brexit supporters. Ps we have a better name than Blue momentum lined up. Family values , financial prudence , self reliance - the sort of things Conservatives used to stand for ...  
In recent years, a powerful new analytical tool has emerged, which involves pointing at events in the past and saying "do you see that? That's Brexit, that is" 
The Brexit negotiations currently underway will impact the country for many years to come. But the Tories are making a mess out of the process.The people deserve the final say on Brexit and the chance to stay in the EU. Add your name if you agree:  
Have you ever had a day where you wake up and you think: 'Jacob Rees Mogg, Boris Johnson, Ian Duncan Smith, Michael Gove, Priti Patel, John Humphrys, Brexit...' and the will to live floods out of you in a cascade of pure despair? #Today #Farage 
The last time a Brexit-related campaign was 'caught' targeting specific voters or demographics with tailored adverts, it was deemed by some to be an unacceptable assault on our democracy. But the campaign for a second referendum have said they will do exactly this.  
When it comes to delivering Brexit, the key measure is one of trust, writes @Lee4NED. 
Err, the Danish vote in 1992 was not about leaving the EU. It was whether to ratify the Maastricht treaty. They rejected it, narrowly. Their government negotiated an opt out from the Euro and a few other changes. That revised treaty was put to a referendum and accepted. 
Well said @GeorgeFreemanMP ‘We should resist the siren voice of Farage and assemble a ‘Big Tent’ Brexit coalition in the best traditions of One Nation Conservatism, as Disraeli, Churchill and Thatcher did. We will pay a high price for delivering a UKIP-style hard Brexit.’  
As a person living in the South-East and fighting for #PeoplesVote and against #Brexit, it would be incredibly hypocritical of me to deny Scotland a 2nd Referendum, no matter the outcome /1 
“But abandoning Brexit could save us”. Granuid gold.   
When the Falklands was invaded, the country mobilized to fight for the British citizens living there. There are well over a million Brits living in the EU and #Brexit threatens our jobs, homes and families. Why isn't the government fighting for us? Why are we just pawns? 
So while I support those opposing Brexit, I also understand how futile it is when we as a country are subject to a government we didn't vote for, which rides roughshod over  the position of our elected parliament.(5/?) 
On this date August 19 in 1934, the German referendum of 1934 approved Hitler's appointment as head of state with title of Führer. You haven't unblocked me per the court order from @knightcolumbia v. tRump, so I am copying you at @POTUS and @WhiteHouse. Photo by Gage Skidmore. 
It seems only logical that the people are given a final say on any Brexit deal and an opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit -- especially when the Govt is so internally divided that they cannot be trusted to deliver a Brexit that is in the interests of the country. 
Brexiteers are trying to force through a version of Brexit that ppl did not vote for. They keep asserting all Leavers wanted to leave CU/SM, but theres NO evidence to support that claim. It was their own pressure on the PM that ruled those out only after the vote 
Let me address this properly:When I said "We love the EU because we love the UK"A) I was referring to the people(s)/society of the UK, NOT Westminster (screw Westminster)B) I was saying, contrary to Brexit belief, we don't love the EU more than the people here, instead... 
A lot of us are battling on two fronts up here - opposing Brexit, and supporting Scottish independence.I do still care what happens in rUK because I have family living in England, but feel the only way Scotland will fulfil her potential is by voting for independence.(1/?) 
Hi Steve - glad as an MP you are concerned about money matters- can you confirm that you have as reported put £70000 in a company investing in gold as a hedge against a terrible Brexit harming sterling?  
So @Jacob_Rees_Mogg backed a referendum on the deal in 2012 this explains why - there are many different ways of Leaving .. The charlatan now pretends 17.4 million people voted for his chaos capitalism vision of Brexit. Wrong!  
Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a Brexit deal  
When this new centrist party is finally announced all we need to do is to keep asking them what their policies are.They’ll just attack Corbyn and be anti-Brexit - that’s all.You can’t build a vision for the country just by opposing.Ask them about austerity, education etc. 
The campaign for a Second Referendum is nothing but a small number of well-to-do, sanctimonious anti-democrats. 
Who should be the next Prime Minister#Brexit #Election #Poll 
FOLLOWERS & MEDIA - THIS IS V IMPORTANT- Rees-Mogg telling Parliament, a month before 2016 referendum, that a range of possibilities, including Norway & Switzerland, possible after a Brexit vote. RT - & well done @stephen_rth 
“Not allowing a vote on the #Brexit deal would conflict with basic #tradeunion principles – and that's why the steelworkers #union backs a #FinalSay” 
When you buy Superdry, YOU are paying to advertise slave labour.  Brexiteeers call for Superdry BOYCOTT as fashion guru hands £1M to second referendum bid  
Farage on Brexit?A liar to the end! 
As predicted: This is why #Brexit was voted in. It was obviously an economic disaster, but it opened the door to white supremacists taking over... #BrexitMeansRacism 
Indeed.England: We voted Leave (you’re Remain vote didn’t count) but have changed our minds. You _must_ help us win a second referendum.Scotland: what about Indyref2?England: course not. You already voted No in 2014. Get over it. 
Again, this is a false statement from  Duncan-Smith. A WTO-only relationship between the EU and UK is a "no deal" Brexit by definition. And remember: Vote Leave campaigned on the promise of an easy trade deal, so the implication that "Brexit = WTO only" is false.  
This is probably because people are sick and tired of the Remainer propaganda being spewed by an increasingly anti-#Brexit government, bullied into a spineless stupor by the civil service and advisers.Get a backbone and represent the UK, not Brussels, @theresa_may. 
As a life-long Tory voter I'd be a lot happier if @BrandonLewis cleared out MPs like you, who are prepared to say one thing to get elected, another to (supposedly) support having the Referendum (saying "I only voted for it because I thought we'd win"), & now trying to overturn it 
People’s Vote is about a truly informed democracy trusting the people to vote on a Brexit deal - Great news indeed @Anna_Soubry and others of all parties who support the British people having the final say on our future 
Fuck Brexit 
A polite request. Please sign the #peoplesvote petition. Please persuade your friends to too. Don’t stand on the sidelines. Your passive support will help no one. Please get involved. This is your one chance to help prevent our country tumbling into the abyss of Brexit madness. 
Leave means leave, so stop being sentimental and get on with Brexit , says Janet Daley  
This is why I don't get involved with #FBPE types. They could not give a fuck about Scotland until it matters."Help us SNP with fox hunting!""Help us SNP with Brexit!""Help us SNP with..."Want political allies? Commit to help their cause. It takes two to tango.  
So we are anti English, (only some of us mind), not to welcome and take part in #peoplesvote to  help England save itself from a Brexit car crash of its own making. Its not anti Scottish to ignore a whole nations vote to Remain and bar us from negotiations...obv 
It beggars belief how many times this needs saying.There ain't gonna be any 'deal' to vote on! Any *trade* deal comes *after* Brexit. The Withdrawal Agreement is NOT a 'deal'.You could vote to *attempt* a trade deal, I suppose. But... do you feel lucky? 
The ½ mill referendum, on the August 28th ballot, will Secure the Next Generation by providing up to 300 additional School Resource Officers & security staff @browardschools 
Is this the man who stood up & cheered in Parliament & pumped his fists when cuts to the disabled were announced?  This man, & you think he has your interests at heart. No, he just wants the rich to avoid the new EU ruling coming in next year. Brexit to make the little guy poorer  
Blue Momentum? 70% of Conservative voters want Brexit. This is not some minority of extremist trouble makers. You, a outright Lib Dem, are the one infiltrating the Conservative Party. 
Tory MPs are to set out an alternative vision for Brexit. It will be one which believes in this country, and can see that our best days lie ahead! 
Bob Kerslake on need for #peoplesvote #FinalSay if we’re heading for no deal #Brexit, is just plain common sense.Safe to conclude anyone arguing against it, either suffers from a surfeit of delusional blind-faith or is manipulating others for private gain 
The vested interests are queuing up to overturn the people’s choice in the Brexit referendum. They have learned nothing.  
Can I remind you George, nobody voted for a #Conservative #Brexit, @UKLabour, @TheGreenParty, @LibDems, @DUPleader, @theSNP or @UKIP #Brexit.The choice on #EURef ballot paper was #Leave or #Remain!@theresa_may's #Chequers Brexit means we #Remain in the #EU & is unacceptable! 
More Brexit impacts as it’s reported Standard Chartered is turning its Frankfurt office into a European base, and will create a subsidiary at its German branch.Remember the ‘voice of the people’ referendum, did anyone vote for this, or the other impacts?  
Ford warns UK it will take 'whatever action is needed' to protect profits after Brexit hit  
Trust me, shareholders will be largely unscathed by Brexit. British companies will simply become European companies and ride out the storm.Brexit is a monster that shits only on the little people. In fact, that is the key to understanding it. 
RT LeaveEUOfficial: If we want to get the Brexit we voted for, we need to take back control of the Tory party from the likes of Anna_Soubry. Nigel's support for Tory-linked LeaveMnsLeave shows he's ready to back a pro-Brexit candidate for PM.Join today…  
It’s time to choose No Brexit - not much difference between the other two  
Believing the EU will change these rules before Brexit is a valid opinion.Anyone espousing it should be transparent about whether they arrived at it through expertise in EU politics & procedures, or just optimism, 'common sense' & the 'Bulldog Spirit'. 
I’m sure he’d love to obsess over Brexit rather than the trivial things that occupy a homeless person’s day... like where his next meal is coming from and which doorway will be safest to sleep in tonight  
1975 European Communities membership referendum - Scotland 58.42%, 2016 European Union membership referendum - Scotland 62.00%, i really dont think we are the issue when it comes to a peoples vote 
The government are IGNORING anybody against Brexit. They are IGNORING any MPs who oppose it. They are IGNORING any advice against it. EU citizens, UK remainers, and 16/17yr olds are UNREPRESENTED in Parliament. TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION.#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Just for you #NigelFarage Our pleasure. Brexit will fail. XLondon underground #euflagsforFarage 
Yes we DID vote for a NoDeal Hard brexit. That's  what leave means, not sort of leave but don't quite. You fudger, Sourberry!  
I am persuadable on a second/‘people’s’ EU referendum vote but its advocates have to tell us what would happen if Scotland votes to remain (which it will) and the UK as a whole votes to leave (which it might). We’ve already done this here. 
#PeoplesVoteScot peeps be like"Respect the result of the Scottish independence referendum you Nazi English hating Jocks"Also be like"Why are the Jocks so upset with us?" 
Let’s call time on this Brexit shambles.We must demand the cancellation of article 50 and a return to the UK’s full membership of the EU.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
VG thread by @JasonJHunter on impact of #Brexit on agriculture, farmers & consumers  
The IEA's @ShankerASingham says that the UK's current negotiating position risks taking one of the biggest benefits of Brexit, an independent trade policy, “off the table”  
My MP >@ConorBurnsUK sarcastically defending a referendum narrowly won with Russian attacks, dark money, illegal data harvesting & criminal cheating.  
Had there been a referendum on appeasement in 1938, it would have won MASSIVELY. That didn’t weigh with Churchill & Attlee in seeking to lead Britain out of the abyss in 1940It’s called LEADERSHIP - part of which is seeking to change the popular mind when necessary 
English celebrities are in Scotland demanding a second EU referendum even though Scotland voted Remain and it’s England’s fault we’re leaving in the first place.Many of these celebrities are also against a second Scottish independence referendum.What a big pile of shite, eh? 
It’s all so easy! Reverse Brexit and everything will be totally perfect for ever...  
There is a simple problem with a 2nd EU referendum (which I'm sympathetic to) that lacks clarity. If people vote "against the deal" what happens next? Is it the same as voting to Remain, or is it to negotiate again? Both seem fanciful given the legal exit date is March 29 2019. 
The dramatic shift it shows against Brexit in Wales leaves @Conservatives in danger of becoming solely English nationalist. That way lies electoral oblivion & a bad future for our country. Our policy should be a 2nd vote of the people: new Remain vs. clean Brexit #informedconsent 
I admit to being quite hacked off when Farage seemed to have given up on the brexit ghost. However, now he is back all is forgiven and I wonder what effect this is going to have on the tories who may just wake up now to how bad May is for Britain. Brexit means Farage. . . . .!!! 
Democracy demands Brexit.  
No matter what nonsense this govt peddle, it is not too late for a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. 
This idea that you can't oppose brexit and support indy is really shallow. Indy support is based on an international vision of Scotland, capable of real change that the broken UK simply can't offer anymore. Support for EU + indy isn't just compatible - it's entirely coherent.  
Striking just how much the US and UK track each other: Johnson-Wilson, Reagan-Thatcher, Clinton-Blair, Trump-Brexit, Sanders-Corbyn. 
Dear @BBCNews - please refrain from manipulating the fact that the #PeoplesVote campaign are winning the minds of the people. There is no “Brexit Vote campaign” Just like there is no Brexit Dividend.  
I was pretty neutral about a #PeoplesVote for Brexit. But after the absolute condescending attitude from folk in England who look at Scotland just as voting fodder, I now see zero point in supporting #EUref2. You'll have had your vote... 
This fragile Government is shaky over Brexit. Corbyn keeps his head in the sand and the Lib-unDems stay silent. But Parliament needs to act on rising anger on the streets and behind closed doors on immigration and sectarian areas springing up in Britain. For the good of all . 
The BBC aided and abetted Chamberlain to convince the British public that allowing the Nazis to annex Czechoslovakia was in their best interests. Today the BBC are aiding and abetting the far right to promote Brexit.  Will it end as badly?  
Lawyers for Brexit.Leaving the EU on WTO terms: pulling down the barriers to world trade. Introduction: why prices will fall after Brexit, not rise 
Remoaners claim we'll starve post-Brexit. In fact, turns out EU regs contribute to a third of British crops being destroyed  
Second ref on #Brexit lets not kid ourselves, there was the biggest UK  march against the Iraq war and they still went ahead WM don't listen to the public. Scotland has a better idea #indyref2 
It’s time to choose between a Conservative Brexit or a UKIP Brexit.  My piece on @ConHome now live.... 
Just blown your whole strategy to bits hey @campbellclaret @peoplesvote_hq - don’t you just hate it when #ProjectFear doesn’t work? Suggest you just respect the will of the 17.4 million who voted #Brexit and move on Ally Pally -  @Arron_banks 
Julian Dunkerton is donating £1million to his anti-Brexit cuase so that he can contine getting cheap labour for @Superdry and undercutting British wages, like every other company that has no faith in this country. #boycottsuperdry 
The so-called ‘Brexit negotiations’ are just a conspiracy between Mrs May & the EU to ensure it doesn’t happen, or happens in name only. Her administration is the enemy of its own people.   
Ex-Whitehall chief says Brexit decision may need to be re-opened.If there’s not the deal the people were promised, “we have to reopen the question of whether we go forward with Brexit at all” - Lord Kerslake.We need a #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote. 
Civil servants are being rewarded for pushing Britain towards a Brexit in name only! 
Lend The Conservatives Your Votes, MARK IIKeep Labour Out, MARK III Brexit Means Leave, MARK ∞We must definitely not allow ourselves to be fooled again! Be #Sovereign ! 
Britain cannot leave the EU!It can give up its membership and influence within the EU, but the EU will still be the economic superpower next door having an immense influence over the UK without us having any say in its decisions. #Brexit is stupid!#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
I can only apologise in advance that I shall be banging on about the need for a fresh referendum on the Brexit terms. You may block or unfollow if you like, but before you do, here’s my argument.  
“One of the advantages, in my view, of a clean Brexit is that the clearer it is that we’ve left, the sooner we can get onto other issues. I simply don’t think there’s the appetite in the country, or in the EU once we’ve left, to keep on negotiating”  
Brexiters whining about EU bullying are inadvertently pointing out one of the main benefits of belonging to the EU, which is that you have far more bargaining power as part of the club than outside it. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Researchers link intelligence and learning facts with being right about stuff like economics and Brexit 
The man who has just donated £1m to a campaign committed to stopping Brexit, co-founded a company which has been caught paying its workers  just 28p an hour in its Indian factories. Just another unscrupulous Europhile who loves cheap foreign labour!  
#Superdry This is what the 17 million who voted leave think of Julian Dunkerton. The IDIOT who gave £1m to the People’s Vote. Who is trying to derail BREXIT.   
I won't be supporting people's vote UK though I think Brexit needs to be reversed.  It's full of Better Together characters who are more interested in stopping the independence momentum than the UK's membership of the EU. 
How will Brexit Britain take back control of trade with China & India? Will China/ India have any say in the matter? India wants more freedom of movement to UK for its 1.3Bn citizens, in a trade deal. Move over Nigel, they're coming. #PeoplesVote 
THREAD: New poll from ⁦@DeltapollUK⁩ backs what I’ve been saying - idea that there’s been some kind of seismic shift in public opinion against Brexit is overdone. Basically it’s not true. 1/3  
Tomorrow Derry Girls Against Borders launches our campaign at 7pm in the City Hotel Derry. If you too are worried about Brexit borders here come along and help us make those with power listen.Click here to register, everyone is welcome:  
The only thing the continuity remain campaign has achieved in two years of operation is to make leavers want to leave at any cost. #Brexit 
I am not British but I encourage you in your choice to cut the links of subordination that you have with the EU, we Belgians & other Europeans prefer to change it from the inside via the "movement" created by @SteveKBannon and @modrikamen You showed us the #Brexit way 
Superdry owner donates £1Mil to overthrow Brexit vote. Here’s the factory where Superdry workers were paid 28p per hour to work in filthy inhumane sweltering conditions and could only use the toilet with permission. Man of the people, right?  
Are those behind #PeoplesVoteScot advocating a Scotland-only EU referendum or a re-run of the UK wide EU referendum that saw Scotland's opinion ignored? If the latter then all Scottish democrats should oppose this call. 
Brexit: Superdry founder gives £1m boost to People’s Vote campaign  
The referendum wasn’t a decision. It was advice. May made the decision. Never let the old lie “it’s the decion of the people” go uncorrected. MAY. MADE.  THE. DECISION.  
Back in 2014 Bremner argued that a No vote would protect Scotland's EU membership. At that time the Tories were pledging an In/Out EU referendum and the SNP was warning that this could lead to Scotland being dragged out of the EU againts its will. Wizardry? No, just realism.  
Fashion boss gives £1m boost to #PeoplesVote campaign.SuperDry co-founder Julian Dunkerton donates saying if Brexit had happened 20 years earlier, his brand wouldn’t have been a success.Give the public a say, with an option to stay. #StopBrexit. 
All these organisations have cut UK jobs or moved ops to the EU die to Brexit. At the end of the thread I will provide a link details/evidence.The Big Bloomer CoMissguidedCitibankSurvey of 200+ travel companiesJupiter Asset ManagementNavfor (EU piracy task force)MPac... 
Nigel Farage is to front up a national campaign by "Leave Means Leave" - an organisation co-chaired by Richard Tice.The economic chaos following a hard/no-deal #Brexit offers rich pickings for ultra-rich "vulture capitalists" like Tice.#PeoplesVote 
My father died 6y ago today, 100th birthday is 4 days before #Brexit. Served in WW2 in France & Italy, saw European institutions as vital to peace he fought for, friends died for. Would be appalled by our national amnesia. 
FLASHBACK: Investigation finds Superdry clothes being made for 28p an hour in India. “It’s slave labour. Management see us as animals,” says one worker.Superdry co-founder Julian Dunkerton is pouring £1 million into the anti-Brexit ‘People's Vote’ group.  
The Establishment is terrified of Brexit Britain being a success, so much so that Emmanuel Macron has called for a Remain coalition to stop Brexit.Stand up to these saboteurs and ensure your voice is heard in the most important vote since the referendum:  
My speech against Jacob Rees-Mogg in the Cambridge Union. ‘Brexit is a far right project, though the far right sometimes speaks with a silken tongue’  
The fragrant Julian - inherited wealth & privilege, £50mn divorce settlement, now married to designer Jade. Truly a man of the #people. Made money from paying overseas workers 28p per hr. Can see why he is so pro-EU. Embarrassing for ‘progressives’ to be on same side. #Brexit 
So why doesn’t the Government get on with delivering proper Brexit instead of pushing the awful Chequers sell-out, Robbie?  
The Conservative party gave us a referendum, leave meant out of SM and CU. We voted to leave, over 17 million voted to leave. What part of this do you not understand, you are the most undemocratic, EU obsessed MP there is. If you think you are so right. Then be an independent! 
Under no circumstances should Scotland or the First Minister support a #PeoplesVoteScot.To do so endorses a no deal Brexit. To do so endorses Brexit.Scotland didn't vote for it.It will be used against the SNP if they endorse it.Hold the course for #indyref2 
I try to look at the pros and cons of any issue.  With Brexit, I can see no pros, but plenty of cons. In every sense of the word. #stopbrexit 
#Labour voter or party member?Opposed to #Brexit? One of the 77% of Lab supporters who  believe our party should back a #PeoplesVote and campaign to #Remain in the EU?Sign up to our grassroots campaign and take us past 7000 twitter  followers today! 
Crappy anorak-mongers Superdry donate £1m to overturn democratic Brexit vote. They've got cash to spare after paying workers 28p an hour.  
#Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder  
MORE FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN BRITISH DEMOCRACY: French president Emmanuel Macron wades into Brexit debate with extraordinary letter backing a cross-party coalition of Remainer MPs.  
Churchill rubbished; Prime Ministers called 'traitors to be shot'; democratic referendum votes scorned; terrorists welcomed in the Commons; old ladies of 90 beaten up; racist jibes against whites; war graves vandalised; gangs obsessed with paedophile sex. Britain today eh? 
French Pres Macron backing cross party group of British MPs on Brexit to counter potential extremism. he should take on rampant French National Front rather than stick his nose in British business 
Stirring up antipathy towards pro-remain Scots because of English Tory brexit? Where’s the logic in this? It’s coming across as patronising and petulant.  
Maybe a new campaign will give us a chance to ask Nigel Farage why he advocated a soft Norway style Brexit during the referendum then described it as treachery once he'd conned people into voting leave.PS Where are the millions of Turks you told us were coming? #PeoplesVote 
'A no-deal Brexit would be a catastrophe for the NHS'Who should we trust?Our doctors or a man who will say literally anything to get in the public eye? 
Mogg: "It’s never too late to save Brexit. The WTO saves Brexit, the trade deal saves Brexit; Chequers is surrender.” Theresa May must be ousted. Help us elect a genuine Brexiteer by joining the Conservatives:  
#PeoplesVoteScot is a Unionist campaign to try and persuade those who have moved to YES over Brexit to switch back to being NO and give the Union one last chanceThey promise to not shaft you againHonest  
“What our citizens are experiencing is criminal, even if it has nothing to do with the EU, the great lie so brilliantly told by Brexiters and the malevolent political genius that is Nigel Farage.”By @williamnhutton#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Always blame someone else. A lot more people will be out of work if Brexit happens. Manufacturing and farming will cease to exist. The words of Rees Mogg's economist on the benefits of a No Deal brexit. 
Farage + co are not Conservatives. They are certainly not Unionists. Mainstream Tory supporters must ensure they are members + ready to defeat this infiltration that might, if successful, deliver an ideologically pure (+ economically damaging) Brexit, but will make us unelectable  
That Tory no deal Brexit advice in full. 1. Stockpile up on food and medicines 2. Buy can-openers 3. Don’t panic 4. Ehm, that’s it......  
The number of people mad in the comments because I mentioned the political impact of Brexit on immigrants in a game about living as an Immagrant in post Brexit Britain is amusing.  What’s funnier? The number saying they preferred Papers, Please, which they claim was apolitical. 
How not to win over Scots:Parachute a group of unionist, London meeja darlings (and one Lord) into Edinburgh to talk to a small crowd of festival-goers.If this is the best England's remainers have to offer, Brexit is inevitable.  
Govt to publish papers preparing Britain for No deal Brexit. Long overdue. Hope they read them in Brussels which will be responsible if we exit with no deal 
Nigel Farage claimed doctors are scaremongering about the "real dangers" of a No-Deal Brexit.The British Medical Association hit back saying they have a duty to be honest,No-Deal will be "catastrophic" for the NHS. Brexit won't save the NHS,it will kill it!#SaveOurNHS #StopBrexit 
If you're near a radio at 11am tmrw, you can hear the first of 3 programmes hosted & authored by me about how narratives/stories are running the world more than ever. Part 1: Trump, Brexit and... Brian Haw.  
The Superdry co-founder said the public know Brexit will be a "disaster"  
'When the history of the #1october referendum's written it might reflect that the machinations of politicians would have come to nothing but for a group of pensioners in a tiny #French village who risked their liberty so fellow #Catalans could vote'#Elna 
Macron is now interfering in the UK's domestic affairs by backing a cross-party coalition of Remainer MPs who plan to thwart No Deal #BrexitJust like Obama's meddling, this latest move will backfire! via @MailOnline 
I don't want any part of any #PeoplesVote I don't want to interfere with Englands votes. I refuse to be used as voter fodder. This has happened for all of my life.I want an independence referendum in Scotland for Scotland with no interference from anyone.#DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit vote? You've mis reported this. It's a people's vote on the brexit deal. 
That's what happens when you try to overturn a democratic vote, no such thing as a soft or hard Brexit, the question on the ballot paper was to leave or remain, leave means leave, what part of that don't you understand? 
Enjoy your last stint as an elected official. You are right at the top of the list of MPs who ran on a Brexit manifesto and then stuck 2 fingers up at those who elected you.You’re done 
Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. Brexit. Was. May’s. Decision. 
Here's Graham Hughes(#3Blokes) on LBC radio, with them pesky #Brexit facts:-There are 193 members of the UN Of them,the IMF regards 35 as "advanced economies"Of them, 27 are in Europe. Only 8 are not & they're far away#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote @EveryCountry @mrjamesob 
People who peddle “Brexit was a UK vote” “Didn’t see Scotland on the ballot paper”Do you not see the rather large problem with this?It simply goes to show Scotland is ignored within the UK. It’s sort of the point of Independence. 
UK has systematically ignored & scoffed at Scotland’s choices since well before 2014 & Brexit, and broken every promise made. Hardly surprising that we recoil at a ‘support a second ref because we love the UK’ strategy. Not to ‘get’ that now is frankly gobsmacking.  
Am I wrong in thinking this. Brexit and all it's implications means we need leadership. Brave, honest, clear leadership. Instead we have self-obsessed egomaniacs parading and preening themselves oblivious to the utter disdain they are held in?? too harsh?? 
Superdry's Dunkerton: 'If Brexit had happened 20 years ago, my firm would never have become the success that it is'So he admits he's ill-equipped for trading in a global economy & has to rely on tariff walls & protectionism?No wonder he's desperate to bankroll Continuity-Remain 
Brexit has been negotiated by Remainers from the get go - no wonder we’ve not got anywhere! The only way to ensure we get the Brexit we voted for is by joining the Conservatives and electing a Brexiteer PM! Join today:  
BOOM: Brits want government to get on with delivering Brexit, more Remainers have changed their minds than Leavers! “Half the public believe themselves to be under siege from the political classes trying to change their minds.” 
Recent reports only confirm how divided the @Conservatives are; this unstable, ideologically-driven Govt cannot be trusted to do the right thing for the country when it comes to #Brexit. 
There is no way that stopping #Brexit can be termed a betrayal if a maj of voters now wish to #StopBrexit; the betrayal of Democracy is down to those who fight furiously to prevent the Ppl having the opportunity to #Remain if that is now the majority Will.Crystal?#PeoplesVote. 
If the Brexit vote is overturned democracy is dead in this country, before any remoaners start I voted remain, but would vote leave today.  
Fed-up voters today send a clear Brexit message to politicians — get on with it  
You lot in parliament can't be trusted to deliver brexit, so good on him! The Westminster elite always ignore the electorate, so this is what you'll get. 
"A hundred MPs ready to rebel against May's EU 'deal' "It only takes 48 names to get rid of her, they should do THAT!#Brexit#BrexitBetrayal 
Anna Soubry actually saying Brexiteers aren’t welcome in the Conservative Party, despite being elected on a manifesto pledge to deliver Brexit. She has betrayed her constituents.We’re taking back control of the Tory Party! Join today:  
39 years ago today, following #Khomeini 's Fatwa against the #Kurds of #Iran thousands of civilians executed & killed bcoz they rejected to say 'Yes' in the referendum of creating an Islamic Republic at 1979; now the truth is #Kurds were right & all must say No to #Iran regime. 
“Instead of blaming Brussels & impoverishing ourselves with Brexit, Britain should be launching a multipronged assault on shit-life syndrome”.  Brilliant from ⁦@williamnhutton⁩ - this must be the focus of the campaign for ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩   
Max Weber’s profound insight into modern politics - that there is a big class of bureaucratic politicians who live OFF politics, not FOR politics - explains why it’s so hard to stop Brexit. Most Tory & Labour MPs are far more concerned about salary/job than principle 
Government to publish no-deal #Brexit advice on Thursday  
£1m to the 'thwart Brexit' campaign?  Meanwhile we struggle on with no big backers, yet we produce original, essential #Brexit research & news daily. Please support us financially if you can:    
Dr Rachel Clarke @doctor_oxford is @Nigel_Farage’s worst nightmare to interview about Brexit & the NHS. She’s a doctor with an academic background in politics and she talks in an evidence based, factual and truthful manner.Please RT if you want a Farage Vs Clarke @LBC debate 
Great news - @peoplesvote_uk is winning support amongst people of all backgrounds and of all political persuasions. Please join us and let’s win a #peoplesvote on #Brexit deal or no deal  
Brits aren’t changing their minds on Brexit and of those who have, more Remainers would now vote Leave than the other way around!  Read more at  Support us at  
I haven't had a #poll yet on the #BigIssue of the day.........so here goes #Poll #BrexitPoll #RemainPoll If there were another vote How would you vote #Brexit /#Leave #Remain #IveVotedONCE #INeverVote ?#EuropeanUnion #EU #UKvotes 
When all's said and done, Governments should provide for.1. Housing2. Healthcare NHS3. Retirement4. Defence5. EducationThis Government has failed on all 5 chasing a stupid idea called Brexit which helps none of the above.End Brexit. End this ridiculous Government. 
Brexiters, like Jacob Rees-Mogg & Nigel Farage, will make large profits from Brexit - betting against sterling & the UK. Most of those who voted for Brexit will suffer financial hardship, as will most of those who didn't... We need to stop this nonsense! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Pro-Brexit group @LeaveMnsLeave is relaunching to fight May's 'thin gruel' Brexit  
Remain's mighty autumn assault to keep us in the EU to include:> Huge, expensive ad/PR campaign for second referendum> Massive Project Fear campaign (by "Team May" too)> Attempt to delay Article 50 - "we are not ready"> NHS will dieIt's all GARBAGE. Hold firm.   
Was this on the side of a bus. Brexiteers lied and duped the voters. But #Brexit can still be stopped @peoplesvote_uk 
GET ON WITH IT !!Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a #Brexit deal.The mood of the nation is hardening after two years of bitter rows and fruitless negotiations since the historic referendum result.  
West Country Superdry entrepreneur explains why he couldn’t have succeeded if Brexit had happened 29 years earlier  
#brexit is a little England Tory smash and grab. Smash the country and grab power. It is as simple as that. It is not for the people and will make the people poorer, less free and more oppressed. #FBPE #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #putdownthecoup 
I didn’t vote Brexit to become poorer, because thanks to successive sell out Governments I’d already been made poorer. I voted for Sovereignty and Border Control. However what I’ve learnt since the Referendum makes me want to demand SOVEREIGNTY and BORDER CONTROL. 
BBC Journo who calls 17.4 million people ‘the. Brexit Bunch’.It’s really good that all these people set themselves up as some sort of Brains Trust.It showed yesterday what the ppl think of Esler’s views when only around 1,000 turned up at the rally.It’s time to shut up Esler.  
Ireland could sustain collateral damage in the event of a no-deal Brexit  
On @lbc this morning (10-12pm), Mr Farage will no doubt attack again the promoters of "Project Fear." Big talk, brave words. But he was too scared to invite an NHS doctor onto his show to discuss Brexit's impact on her patients.Please do consider calling in to ask him why.  
Imagine there's no ToriesIt isn't hard to sayNo Gove or Boris JohnsonAnd no Theresa MayImagine Jacob Rees MoggLeaving us aloneYou may say I'm a dreamerBut I'm not the only oneI hope some day you'll join usAnd the world will be as one   #SocialistSunday #Corbyn #Brexit 
Thanks campaigners all. We need to keep up the good work.#Brexit is madness and will make us poorer, and we can stop it.  That stone is beginning to roll.@guyverhofstadt @GuitarMoog 
Superdry co-founder Julian Dunkerton gives £1m to People’s Vote  campaign for second Brexit referendum. Overpriced clothing made cheaply abroad, trying to protect his profits? 
British voters are fed-up and want politicians to get on with Brexit. Our big poll by @DeltapollUK 
There is no “Brexit vote” campaign. It’s called the People’s Vote campaign. Report it properly.What is your weird agenda, @BBCNews? 
Yes Jeremy. We’ve been telling Labour that for many years. Now please explain how your support for a hard Brexit (austerity in overdrive) is going to improve the situation.  
I was once given a Superdry hoodie for my birthday. It was baby blue with ‘superdry’ in Orange on it. I took it back of course and I am sure this man is confusing the fact he accepts people to change their minds about his rubbish hoodies with a referendum.  
Tom Baldwin(#PeoplesVote) - #Brexit is a disaster.. So it's the most democratic thing in the world to let the People take back control of this botched #brexit & let the people's voice be heard rather than a few self-serving politicians in Westminster.#FBPE @campbellclaret 
Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a Brexit deal  
I've never worn Superdry clothes but I will now! Thank you Julian Dunkerton for donating £1m to help stop Brexit. He is a successful businessman and his views are far more relevant than people who didn't know what they were voting for  
'Help convince the @UKLabour leadership to tackle antisemitism once & for all, & to oppose #Brexit. Millions of people are suffering terribly now, & they need a Labour Govt: in fact, they must despair at our ideological differences.'#SocialistSunday 
I breathed a sigh of relief when Farage said he was stepping in to head off the autumn Soros campaign to delay Article 50.Unlike Theresa, when Nigel says "Brexit means Brexit", he actually means it. He is supporting the will of the people & he gets my support 100%. Good luck.  
Rory Bremner has complained to Twitter that I responded to his crap about Brexit. My account has been limited. 
Boris Jog on, Jacob Robs-Mugs and Nigel Fascist failed to deliver anything in two years despite their money, power and unquestioning media support.Now they are desperate to save their political skin. Suffering is a choice. Brexit is a choice. #PeoplesVote 
Fascinating analysis of what the recent ⁦@BestForBritain polling reveals about #Brexit attitudes in the north. One nugget: “West Yorkshire’s seats now break 13-9 for Remain”. Thanks to Northern Umbrella for this. Look up your MP & write to them now!  
No BBC. It’s a People’s Vote. #bollockstobrexitBrexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder  
Jacob Rees-Mogg knows the idea of a No-Deal Brexit is toxic and the UK population is turning away from it. So, he is re-labelling his plans. It is now a 'Clean Brexit'! He only wants to hoodwink people for a few months - that will be enough time to make it too late'! #StopBrexit 
19 August 1934. In a referendum (Hitler loved them), 89.9% said YES to him being a supreme dictator of Germany: Führer [Leader].  
“AN UNEASY PARTNERSHIP OF UNEQUALS - How the EU isn’t what it seems”  Another great #Brexit summary from the Brexit Facts4EU team:   A 'must read' for a Sunday! 
Whatever plans are being dreamt up by colleagues  they should comply with accepting the result of the 2016 as promised by Cameron, no billions to EU for subs, no ECJ, all laws made in UK incl. immigration and ability to sign worldwide free trade deals- then Brexit means Brexit. 
If I were a Brexiteer in government, I think I would be praying every day to all the gods that ever were that Brexit is cancelled.Because if it happens, I don't think the British people would rest until the culprits are held to account. 
Another out of touch multi-millionaire - who got rich off the backs of ordinary folk - backs an anti-democratic second referendum, this time the Superdry twonk. Get stuffed, mate >>   
The EU is incapable of negotiating a beneficial #Brexit for both itself a federal bloc & a sovereign UK for fear of setting a precedent, it craves power not a deal. The sooner @theresa_may realises this the better Nation-state sovereignty is considered far right within EU circles 
Hi @BethRigby Nigel Farage should NOT be allowed to insist "Leave Means Leave" etc on #SkyNews without being confronted with a real like this showing how he sold Brexit during the EU ref@AdamBoultonSky @FaisalIslam @TamCohen @SophyRidgeSky @Lewis_Goodall 
At this rate, maybe we should not even spend any kobo on what, frankly, is already a determined ‘referendum’ in THE man ... 
If Brexit had happened 20 years earlier, Superdry would never have become the global success that it did. - Julian Dunkerton, co-founder of Superdry#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
A Conservative Brexit?   Or a UKIP Brexit?    Why the choice facing Conservative MPs this winter is so serious .... extract from my piece on @ConHome later this morning: 
The biggest shock from #Brexit win for the perverted part of liberal left who took over Britain after Blair and his New Labour seized power in 1997 was that despite their efforts and control over media, education and world of entertainment they still couldn't influence the vote. 
The agenda to stop Brexit & change Britain for good - great column today by Will Hutton, on themes of his and my book ‘Saving Britain: How Britain Must Change To Prosper In Europe’  
I don’t care what Corbyn is or isn’t. What I do care is that he is blindly in support of and supported for Brexit and has not stood up to condemn a no deal Armageddon. That is unforgivable. 
a two faced twat - so @Jacob_Rees_Mogg   he benefits by being able to protect himself and his family  - but we will have to wait 50 years to benefit from brexit...   
Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a Brexit deal  
What can YOU do to #StandUp2Brexit?* Write to/email your MP* Explain your views on No-Deal/WTO #Brexit & #BrexitShambles * Ask friends, family & colleagues to do the same* Follow & RT .@StandUp2Brexit Find your MP's contact details here: #WATON #FBPE 
BREXIT SHOCK: 100 Tories to rebel against May deal as Brexiteers fight back  
Let’s be honest: #Brexit was caused by England’s delusions of Empire and hatred of foreigners. If we’re to win a #peoplesvote, we need to address these issues and not argue economics and sovereignty and other excuses leavers pretended were their motivations. 
Let’s call time on this Brexit shambles | Letters  
In 2016 Nebraska's governor bankrolled a referendum that reintroduced the death penalty  
He didn't win. A handful of billionaires conspired with the russian govt to steal the election. Happened with #brexit too. Interesting that @BBCWorld has not done one story on that scandal. 
Two of the biggest untruths told during the referendum campaign were that the EU could be reformed from within & the refusal to acknowledge the very existence of plans for an EU Army. #Brexit  
This is the most powerful thread I have ever read about the incredible damage that #Brexit is doing. And this is before it even happens.  
Brexit latest: Rees-Mogg spearheads new Brexit plan with 'POSITIVE' future under WTO rules | Politics | News |  
Great Britain is destroying itself not only through Brexit, but also through endless, mindless austerity. Now, even conservatives are starting to rebel.  
You're quite welcome, and I apologise for the UK govt and those English who prefer #Brexit to the Union. My fond hope is that England finally deals with Scotland as an actual equal in the #EU family, as two fellow European countries. 
What a high! 853 honks and waves in support of proportional representation on Pat Bay highway in Victoria in only 2 hours today.  Only a dozen thumbs down. Momentum is  building. Referendum ballots out in 60 days.  
Brexit is a terrifying reality facing the UK, but the constitutional realities of the UK are not the priority of those of us working for Scottish independence. Seeking the good of Scotland through Brexit as part of the UK is toxic to our project. 
BALONEY. There were no 'attacks'. Just people asking those English who came up to blackmail us into supporting them, where they were when WE voted Brexit & our powers were STOLEN? Then you called us 'divisive'. Stop using inflammatory language b/c you didn't get your own way. 
Oops I won’t be purchasing any super dry products again regarding your co founders decision to donate £1m for a referendum on the final deal. Appalling behavior. Should be ashamed. 
Those who are campaigning against Brexit must think the British are too stupid to govern themselves. I can only presume they feel this way on account of being intellectually challenged themselves. 
Julian Dunkerton, multimillionaire boss of fashion label Superdry has given £1 million to the People’s Vote which is campaigning for a second referendum. Do boycott the label if you are a customer. 
Ex-Whitehall chief Lord Kerslake says Brexit decision may need to be reopened  
You see the problem? It just doesn't follow your script up here.  Brexit is no longer our problem because we are done with you.  We tried but it just isn't going to work.  We're leaving and calling us names and making threats isn't going to make us come back. It's over.#Indyref2 
The statement that "we as a country made a choice" is utterly wrong.We had an advisory referendum.Parliament was supposed to use it as part of the evidence in a debate on whether to #RemainInTheEU, but that debate never happened.May decided she wanted us out. Not valid. 
Brexit: descent into madness -  in the event of "no deal", the UK expects Brussels to strike up a deal on how to manage our joint affairs in the absence of a deal. This is the ultimate in "cakeism" – a deal to end all deals...  #Brexinfo. 
Fury as civil service mandarins working on Brexit are handed £750,000 in bonuses despite Britain heading for a no-deal exit 
What we in Scotland do about #Indyref2, or how we manage an Independent Scotland, isn't really your problem.  Just like your Brexit / #PeoplesVote isn't ours.  We voted, you ignored us.  Bye! 
What makes him think he has the right to ANOTHER REFERENDUM just because he doesn't like the result of the first one? why do sky news keep publicising these people? oh wait yes of course Rupert the manipulator Murdoch-lots of money so will buy anything he wants including voting! 
Half of Brits want to leave EU on March 29, with or without a Brexit deal - The Sun  
Agreed. Brexit is simply a symptom of an English nationalism disorder, an inability so far, to come to terms with being small and not very exceptional island. Brexit probably needs to happen if England is to heal itself. 
It's time we had a chat.The Tories don't represent the working classes. They never have  and they never will. FFS stop supporting them.#Brexit #FBPE 
The SNP who have consistently opposed Brexit at every turn? Who’ve been shut out by the Tories and betrayed by the Labstainers? Every part of Scotland voted remain. The democratic deficit ensures that Westminster can ignore our democratically expressed view. Indy = never again. 
Born in 1951, 6 years after the end of WW2, still have my Ration Card. My mother, father, uncles, grandfathers (both wars) fought to put an end to tyranny and for peace in Europe. I am proud to be British and EUROPEAN. I fervently hate Brexit. WE ARE NOT ALONE. #PeoplesVote 
This KIA post has a false premise.The claim that GOG is deleting negative reviews for Not Tonight and replacing them with fake 5-star reviews is untrue. GOG's removing fake reviews from users who don’t own the game, who are bombarding it due to the developer’s stance on Brexit.  
Superdry co-founder gives £1m to referendum campaign  
I'm very sorry to say but campaigning for a "people's vote" on Brexit in Scotland is just daft.Scotland voted overwhelmingly to remain in Europe but what we've seen from the UK govt since then has pushed Scotland in one direction only, towards independence,our eyes are open 1/2 
Ahem. Here's Trump predicted consistently from a year in advance  And here's Brexit in September 2014:  
I was born in 1943 Manchester, during the war. I grew up in its aftermath. The destruction and rationing part of my memory, certainly defining my life. Believe me, those of your generation who don't fear that, should. The uniting of Europe ensured peace, #Brexit will destroy it. 
Todays number is 85.85% of Westminster seats in one country & 85% post brexit powers, >85% of North sea oil income, >85% of Scottish industry including mines, steel and shipyards closed , >85% of council stock bulldozed or sold with RTB Not one of THESE was done by the EU. 
Brexit Explained  
The majority of #Superdry clothing is made in those well-known #EU countries #Turkey, #India and #China. What great faith #JulianDunkerton shows in the organisation for which he is willing to pay £1m of his fortune to keep #UK subjugated to.  #Brexit 
Sir Patrick Stewart's politics: From a pre-MeToo women rights advocate to a post-Labour Brexit fighter 
Scotland asked for powers to be devolved that would protect it from many articles being reserved to Westmisnter affected by brexit , it was ignored , and told that reserved powers to be returned would be "taken" , consented or not. 
Scotland asked for a special deal , to remain in some form - it was again ignored.Scotland asked for a place at the brexit table , it was ignored.Scotland asked for immigration to be devolved , that England doesnt want - it was ignored. 
So you want a people’s vote on the final Brexit deal? Why didn’t Scots get a vote on the final deal offered by your BetterTogether crowd for a #No vote in 2014? After all, every promise has been broken, home rule/federalism not delivered, EU membership being removed. 
Fuck me. What's your plan? Stay in the union but don't leave the EU? Is that it? Never going to happen. So what's it to be? Stay loyal & go down with the good ship Brexit? Only Scottish independence can save us from the shitstorm your precious UK has created. Sort yourself out.  
As Brexit day nears, sterling is once again in for a rocky ride — Of 140-odd currencies, the pound has depreciated against 130 since the referendum. A weak pound has pushed up the cost of imports. Half of Britain’s food is bought from overseas 
Not Claim! its fact!,  this is why we are fighting for #CitizensRightBRITISH pensioners in Spain claim to have lost more than a fifth of their spending power over the last two years as a direct result of Brexit. 
"The Brexit bunch are the most incompetent bunch of politicians in my lifetime, Brexit is in deep trouble, not because of those of us who thought it was a bad idea but because those who told us it was a good idea are so incompetent." 
1.2 MILLION:Catalans who voted "yes" to 1978 constitution and are still alive.4.9 MILLION:Catalans age 18+ who are in favor of an independence referendum. 
What more can we do? We voted remain, we voted in pro-EU parties in Holyrood and Westminster, politicians we elected asked the UK govt repeatedly for a soft-Brexit.  Do you fail to see where the power in this lies? It’s like asking the tail to wag the dog, campaign in England 
More and more saying #BrexitisBonkers. FORMER BBC journalist Gavin Esler has launched a scathing attack on the “incompetent Brexit bunch” and demanded a vote on the final divorce deal. 
It can’t be said often enough, you in your utter stupidity and ignorance lied to the British people about the benefits of Brexit, you want the UK to be a third country, it’s your fault. You personally not the EU. I for one won’t be forgetting that.  
‘Hundreds’ of Final Brexit deal ref campaigners reported on by @heraldscotland but no mention of 16000 Indyref2 supporters in Dundee. Why would this be? 
Like us, @PeoplesMomentum campaign for Labour Party members to have a central role in Policy making.So we're asking, where is the campaign for Labour members to be given a say on Brexit, the biggest issue in 70 years?There isn't one.#PeoplesVote 
The only pretending we’ve seen over the last 2 years is @duponline and greater Unionism pretending the North voted for Brexit and and that the GFA is somehow not due any respect or protection.  
So you’re against the UK coming out of a Union with our biggest market & closest neighbour (as decided by referendum) but in favour of Scotland coming out of a Union with our biggest market & closest neighbour (as defeated in referendum?) Sort yourself out. 
Thank you. I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it:Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder -  
#PeoplesVoteScot is the new vow, surely to fuck Scotland has learned? The British state will never reverse Brexit. The Tories would be finished for years. Corbyn hates the EU more than any of them. Who's going to stop it? Scotland? Scotland has less than fuck all power in the UK. 
ICYMI#Brexit could have 'hugely damaging' effect on #football clubs, say club chairmen#MOTD 
Pleased to announce the publication of my new Brexit cookery book ‘100 Ways To Cook String.’ 
Remainers haven't learned a god damn thing in two entire years. To this day they are still making the economic argument for remaining in the EU when most leavers I know want out because they simply do not want the EU as their supreme government. #Brexit 
Leavers are rattled. They know that the wheels are coming off the #Brexit bus and they want to convince the UK to stay on board. We must not let them fool people any longer with their mix of fear and fantasy. #StandUp2Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Brussels has no interest in negotiating in good faith. They are so terrified by the collapse of their project that they’re willing to make themselves poorer as a result.  #Brexit 
Ford - which employs 9,000 people in this country - is blaming Brexit for the cuts it is almost certainly going to have to implement  
Even though the EU would be hurt through a no deal Brexit, it’s nothing like the damage they would suffer by acquiescing to UK demands. EU will do what is in their best interests, I expect nothing less. The UK are the ones wanting to leave, blaming the EU for their folly is silly 
Dear Nigel welcome back. #Remain's ready 4 U. The lies behind a flawed #Brexit won't work anymore.You're right it's important the establishment listens to the Ppl. The way to find out is to give all the Ppl a #FinalSay, a #PeoplesVote & a #Remain option. 
Tomorrow's Sunday express "100 Tory MPs to vote against May's  Brexit bill" Prepare for an election! 
All we'll have to do with this new centrist party is consistently and persistently ask them what their policies are? They'll try their best to be vague & will try their best to only talk Brexit scaremongering & Corbyn bashing. Don't let them. Ask them about austerity & policy. 
"The NDP government is bending over backwards to offer B.C. a fair referendum process, one that more than passes the smell test when compared to historical or comparative experience." #pr4bc#bcpoli 
MAIL FINANCIAL: Ford’s Brexit Warning as profits slide by £760m #tomorrowspaperstoday 
.'I'm Back' – Farage Returns to Frontline to Fight Establishment's Brexit ‘Sell-Out’.The globalists refuse t abide by the will of the people.PM MAY should have taken President Trump's advice, instead of her cowardly sell-out for Brussels keeping control 
This is the stupidity of project fear. “Britain will be technically at WAR with Spain after Brexit...”Makes an interesting historical argument that ignores the fact Spain joined NATO in 1986 and that’s the reason the declaration was withdrawn. Nothing to do with the EU.  
Dunkerton said he was backing the People's Vote campaign because "we have a genuine chance to turn this around".That’s what Brexiteers have relied on: a sense that Brexit was a done deal.It’s not and we will overcome this madness and division.  
Dear Brexiters,                            Your brexit would have been a lot easier if David Lloyd George hadn't cowed to threats from a minority in Ireland in 1921.                               Kind regards, Ciarán. 
These plans will come to nothing if Corbyn presses ahead with Brexit. The resulting economic and bureaucratic turmoil will render all Labour’s pledges null and void.Corbyn knows this, and he’s lying about it.And that’s unethical.  
Remoaners should start to understand that the only alternative to leaving the EU now is Civil War for no Leaver will believe that a Second Referendum wouldn’t have been tampered with if the result was to Remain. 
Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder - BBC News  
There was a ReferendumNo was hired by the Conservative Party for cash to tell lies to granniesNo won only one thing - timeYou're running out of time  
Brilliant. Nice one, Julian.  #Cheltenham should be proud of you. BBC News - Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder  
How events come back to bite you #1.Rory Bremner was calling for a #PeoplesVoteScot to stop Brexit in Edinburgh today. Funnily enough, he was calling for a No vote in 2014 as that would keep us in the EU. pic.twitter.com/0RSkH1jG5e 
“Upto 100 Tory MPs are preparing to rebel against @theresa_may unless she scraps her controversial #ChequersPlan for #Brexit”Tomorrows @Daily_Express#StandUp4Brexit#tomorrowspaperstoday 
You are a hypocrite, a liar and a traitor. You are a Tory enabler, who, for your own dogmatic purposes are actively facilitating Brexit, an act which you are fully aware will cause enormous harm, pain & distress to all of us. You are doing this because it suits you. #ofoc #fbpe 
Wow.  So funding for People’s Vote coming from those who want to overturn the referendum, with questions on the ballot paper that will be chosen by them and rigged to ensure they get the right result.  Once again, am I in Zimbabwe? 
Marvellous. Cricket going well. No deal Brexit won’t be that bad. And an ISA can solve the care crisis. Truly we live in blessed times.  
They were quite possibly eye opening not because they're abusive, but because you look on Scotland as voting fodder to support England's struggle with brexit.It's perhaps only dawning that we're not playing that game. We sincerely want our country back. No ifs, no buts. 
BBC go with narrative from Farage’s press release, neglect to mention his refusal to debate ⁦@doctor_oxford⁩ on Brexit realities...   
There’s a way out...just stop the Brexit madness  
He’s in for a shock then when he realises over 60% of the voters want a proper Brexit to happen and not the anti British (we luv the EU) @peoplesvote_hq ignore democracy, best out of 3 referendum party. @Arron_banks @LeaveEUOfficial 
Dear @bernardjenkin 1. We, not they, opened the whole issue of obstructing UK EU trade through your beloved #Brexit .2. Despite your fantasies, elected national governments, not “EU bureaucrats”, determine the EU negotiating position.  
Let's say Brexit goes through.Jobs are lost and people suffer, the Tories attack our workers rights and protections, we're restricted where we can live and work, public spending falls.An endless cycle of austerity, poverty, decline.No thanks. We're socialists.#PeoplesVote 
There is no mandate anywhere for a "people's vote" on reversing Brexit. You know what there is a mandate for (and let's not forget, a parliamentary vote)? A second Scottish independence referendum. 
Mark my words, "Brexit" will become a verb meaning to regret taking a course of action that was obviously silly to anyone with a brain. Usage:"I really Brexit eating that sushi I found in the bin last night." 
Yet another arsehole who only likes democracy when it works the way they feel it should.Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder -  
Incredibull!  96% of people in Milton Keynes think Brexit is going badly! By our cowlculations, that's quite a difference from the 51.4% who voted for Brexit two years ago!  Time to give the people of #MiltonKeynes a #FinalSay on Brexit! @MarkLancasterMK @iainastewart 
Brexiters are putting lipstick on a pig by calling a “no deal #Brexit” a “clean Brexit”. Voters must not fall for it.  
This Rory Bremner, who campaigned for the No vote that kept us part of what became Brexit Britain, because it would be "the best of both worlds"? That Rory Bremner yeah? just checking like, because some might say he's got a fucking cheek to show his face..  
Hearing and reading the views of Sir Patrick Stewart telling us how we should live ... Brexit; is bad; we should live under the shadow of Brussels and have open borders. OK, fair enough. But don't you live in Brooklyn mate and beam yourself over here to earn dosh on the stage? 
Self-made entrepreneur being Superdry fashion label hands £1m to Brexit referendum campaign  
Oh dear, Rory Bremner urged Scots to vote #No in 2014 which we were told would secure our EU membership. He mocked the SNP who’ve been the only anti-Brexit party with a coherent plan. Now he has the cheek to stand up in Edinburgh offering more ‘advice’   
Brexit vote campaign gets £1m from Superdry co-founder  
"[...] whatever your perspective on Brexit, I think there’s one thing we can and must agree on: those EU citizens living here now deserve our support." writes @T_Chowdhury_16We agree we need more people to stand up & be a #EUcitizensChampion 
Huge boost for the @peoplesvote_uk - putting his money where his mouth is because he knows the Brexit path being pursued is disastrous for business, for people, for communities. This is a fight that can be won  
Do you think attacks like this are going to get you where you hope to be? As I said: I am a proud affinity Scot. I am proud to have spoken against Brexit in Edinburgh with people from all parties. That is how you convince people of something. In this case it was Brexit. But 3/ 
say that we need to stand together against Brexit - the greatest challenge of our time - spoke of unity across parties, I have been attacked by independence supporters in ways I have never known. What an own goal given I have supported Scottish independence for years. 2/ 
I haven’t been so saddened in a long time. I stood in my favourite city in the UK today, my heart-home of Edinburgh. To make a case fo citizens’ rights and against Brexit. At the beginning I said how much I love Scotland. That I am a proud affinity Scot. But because I happened 1/ 
GRAND TOTALS TODAY -- shearwaters: Manx 5,000+, Great 750+, Cory's 350+, Sooty 200+, Balearic 5; storm-petrels: Wilson's 3, Brexit 50+; Bonxie 20+, Arctic Tern 12. Bluefin Tuna 300+, Minke Whale 3, Common Dolphin 30+, Blue Shark 1, Ocean Sunfish 2.  
People's Vote backers rally in Edinburgh for say in final Brexit deal Really big turn out in Edinburgh for people’s vote rally.Yes a whole 1,000 people.No doubt the MSM will ignore this turnout, what a shambles. 
Fascinating that an entrepreneur who made a fortune out of analyzing consumer markets is doing the same for the campaign that wants a referendum on the Brexit terms - giving them £1m on the condition every penny has to go on polling  
Lord Adonis - Nigel Farage never left politics.. you can't turn on the telly without him being there & he has his own radio show. The reason why Farage is now campaigning again is because he knows there is going to be a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. #FBPE #StopBrexit @Andrew_Adonis 
The emotive language being used by our elected politicians is ridiculous. It is clear a WTO Brexit is now the best option! 
Farage reboots Brexit campaign & asks for££. Let’s match that!  
Someone merged Brexit with Titanic and we assure you, it's must-watch  
The ONLY thing  #NigelFarage is trying to do is to keep up his Racist scare mongering  agenda, among the thick & stupid that he feels might be changing their views towards Brexit.. and make a buck or two out of it. @Nigel_Farage 
BREXIT ATTACK: Farage marks return to frontline politics with HUGE rant against May -VIDEO  
When Trump was elected I wondered what is was like to live in 1930s Germany. Then came Brexit. and the unleashing of hate that followed. Now I know what it was like and will fight with every breath in my body to end this. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Millennials are turning to tarot readings as technology and Brexit have left them feeling 'lost' 
Off to @SkyNews to discuss the return of @Nigel_Farage to the Brexit debate (had he ever left??)His so called comeback is for one simple reason - he’s scared. The public are seeing through his false promises, which are falling apart one by one. Time for a #PeoplesVote 
If labour were an opposition and actually reflected the wishes of the membership & electorate on brexit we wouldn't have to consider another party . Corbyn and his entourage brought this on . Warn them , not us . #StopBrexit 
Here’s the problem of #Brexit, Brits who voted for it thought they were voting to leave Westminster and Parliament, not the nice countries where they go for sun and vacations. Oopps! 
Brexit, Donald Trump and fascism make these such dangerous times - Harry Leslie Smith - Mirror Online  
I back you 100% on Brexit Tanja, but please don't call us divisive when we tell you we dont love the UK GovWe saw zero unity when our Remain vote was ignored, even more so when powers were grabbed from Scot ParlAnd now we're to ignore that & unite so our vote is ignored again? 
It’s an interesting point from Vince Cable - effectively, Nigel Farage may be hammering in the final nail in Brexit’s coffin.  
The #FSFABeehive in Lewisham is underway. We will be sharing brexit impact stories to show that #BrexitIsPersonal 
Julian Dunkerton “If Brexit had happened 20 years earlier, @Superdry would never have become the global success that it did. We would have struggled to cope with negotiating customs and tariffs. Perhaps even more importantly, Europe was our staging post.“ 
READ: Superdry co-founder supporting a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal:  
The English have long been known for cherishing their eccentrics. I've known one or two. I've even been accused of being one. Or two, when I was fat. But the most visible proponents of Brexit aren't eccentrics. They're nutters. The difference is subtle, but it lies in rationality 
May's is stuck:- The country reject her fudged Brexit deal- The EU reject it- Soften it, she's toast- Go for no deal, Parlmt reject it, she's toast- Her way out is a #PeoplesVoteLabour must support one first, campaigning for a jobs first Remain. 
#Brexit means...lots more top UK civil servants. What a waste of public money and effort... for national suicide@peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
As predicted before referendum. Brits can’t leave EU just like Brits can’t magically turn into Americans no matter how much they yearn for it. There’ll be no deal and Parliament will simply ignore the referendum as it it never happened. #TypicalBritHumour 
The Chequers deal is a blatant attempt to overrule the people’s vote to leave the EU.  The deal sees the UK pay a £39bn brexit bill we don’t owe, remain ruled by EU courts & laws, will rebrand free movement but keep borders open & will keep the UK economy & trade under EU control  
Debating Brexit on Twitter  
I’ve changed my profile tonight. Brexit is an unfolding, unmitigated disaster. If you back it, please stop following me. Thank you!  
For all its whining about Brexit the top civil service has expanded by 10% since preparations for Brexit began. So not only do we have to put up with a treacherous mandarin class, we have to see it get bigger. Little wonder negotiations go nowhere. 
Brian Adcock on Nigel Farage returning to frontline politics to "fight back" against what he describes as Theresa May's "fraudulent" Brexit plan – political cartoon gallery in Putney  pic.twitter.com/PU07pLK9p6 
More than 600,000 people have signed our petition for a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. You can join the campaign here  
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg and his gang are trying to rebrand no deal as a "clean" Brexit. They hope thereby to hoodwink voters and persuade them to charge over the abyss. Don't fall for it. No deal would be super-messy. My latest column in the @Independent 
Brexit will end Friday, March 29th, 2019. Note that there is a turning point showing up in the 1st quarter next year but the big one will be the 3rd quarter 2019.  
My cat shat in my daughter's bedroom, and then 'buried' it by dragging a pair of knickers over the poo. A remedy that reminds me of all the attempts to deal with Brexit. 
sorry, did you say NINETY-SIX PERCENT of people said Brexit is going badly???  in a town where half the voters backed Brexit, is it not perhaps time to consider whether perhaps the people have changed their minds @MarkLancasterMK @Iainastewart?? 
WE control our ports, not EU! MP lashes out at Brexit scaremongering over border control  
Nope.  Not working.  You talked up No Deal Brexit.,  you insisted on triggering A50 notice when we had no chance of being ready.  You voted for it.You made this complete clusterfuck. You broke it.  Not the EU.  Beyond weak.  Without character.Looking straight back at you. 
Hundreds of Irish women are continuing to suffer while three or four religious loons hold up the #repealedThe8th referendum results...  
BREXIT ATTACK: Farage marks return to frontline politics with HUGE rant against May -VIDEO  
Scottish rally highlights support for second Brexit vote  
Cheese and Brexit: now they’re both giving me nightmares  
Britain goes to hell in a Brexit handcart – cartoon  
I'll thinl you'll find that the promise of an in/out referendum on our membership of the EU was an essential part of our 2015 win. If we don't honour it it will lead to inevitable defeat at the next election.#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
“The Brexit bunch are the most incompetent bunch of politicians in my lifetime and Brexit is in deep trouble, not because of those of us who thought it was a bad idea, but because those who told us it was a good idea are so incompetent they don’t know what it is.” Gavin Esler 
Brexiters like Hannan claimed Remainer demands for a #PeoplesVote would undermine the government's negotiating position. Now, ironically, and predictably, it is likely to be the ERG's intent to wreck the negotiations that will bring about a #PeoplesVote.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Already has man, the country is now majority remain because people are realizing who is behind #brexit & what it's really about. U know who Steve Bannon is? You know what anarcho capitalism is? It's about trashing the country and buying it up. Guess what brexit is? Trash & grab 
The people's army of Kent  fighting for Brexit & a better Britain in Dartford today. #UKIP #dartford #brexit  
The level of misinformation and ignorance about the UKs role in the EU is telling. The UK has no obligation to take the Euro (Thank god), the ECB is committed to supporting the pound and the ever closer political union thing doesn't apply to the UK. Brexit is for mugs.  
This #Brexit  And isn’t the timing interesting with Farage going out on the road again? Do not underestimate this. It’s is coordinated, powerful, planned and there is collusion from the far right at every level. We need to #StandUp2Brexit like never before  
The police are too busy attending diversity training courses, wasting time looking for “hate crimes” on Twitter or dealing with idiot complaints about the referendum by dolts like Ben Bradshaw MP. No wonder they’ve no time for real crime fighting.  
The Chinese guy said that the UK is the gateway to Europe, and after #Brexit it will be the gateway to nowhere. So how does a gateway to nowhere attract investment? The ERG know the answer - slashed taxes on business & the rich & a bonfire of regulations & workers' rights.#FBPE 
Loads of love for our Brexitometer at Willen Lake today!96% say Brexit going badlyOf which 74% say it’s going “disastrously”!Nearly everyone signed #PeoplesVotePetition and wants #FinalSay with #OptionToStaySeems polls are right - MK has switched from Leave to Remain! 
I wish the police & the courts would hurry up and put the EU referendum criminal fraudsters in prison. #JustSaying 
'Jacob Rees-Mogg and his gang want to hoodwink voters with talk of 'clean Brexit' and then push us off the edge of the cliff. This is why we should not fall for it'  
So this Peer thinks that if the EU refuse to give us a free trade deal then we must revisit the very decision to Brexit! Truly Traitot's Gate needs re-opened....  
For those toying with a centre party because of Brexit - Brexit is happening because extreme English nationalism (Farage/late Thatcher) has (temporarily?) taken over England’s dominant nationalist party, the Conservatives. Split the Opposition & Brexit is certainBeware 
Ever since the EU Referendum result foreign banks and financial services companies have been boosting their UK financial services workforces or opening up branches in the UK for the first time ever. A much reported vast exodus of jobs from London has shrivelled into a damp squib. 
We need to remind ourselves & others of a few TRUTHS:Johnson fronted Vote Leave ~ found GUILTY of fraudMogg has moved all his funds to Dublin Farage is  liar, a racist and a Trump fanALL met with Steve 'call me a white supremacist & anti-semite' Bannon#fbpe #brexit  
#IslamicTerrorism #GlobalismIsCommunism.. SH!THOLE UK - FARAGE is BACK / A WELCOME PRO-PATRIOT VOICE: British Brexit Buttkicker Nigel Farage Returns to the 'Front Lines' in Battle Against Leftist Failure. 
Wow.  Look at the replies.  Lots of small anonymous accounts.That Twitter clear out of fake accounts was a real kick in the balls for the anti-Brexit troll accounts.They’ve had to start again with new ones.When is Twitter going to sort the trolls and bots out, @jack ? 
Did you see Nigel Farage launch his Brexit campaign today?But he still won't answer our colleague Dr Rachel Clarke (@doctor_oxford) on whether he'll debate her on NHS & Brexit?Let's make sure we can really take the fight him. Donate below!  
This.  Be afraid, folks, be very afraid. Seriously!     The Brexit bastards have realised there's going to be a #peoplesVote, and they're going to do what it takes to win it. 
Some pics and video footage from our counter-demo in Dundee today.We took on the Nats to remind them that Scotland Said No, and that we don't want another divisive referendum.We will always stand proudly for the Union! 
First you fan the flames, then you sound the warning bell. @bbcnews has really played a truly appalling role in the collapse in reporting standards. #Brexit is the child of the BBC and represents a massive failure in its core mission to educate, inform and defend the public. 
We've been banging on about May's Brexit sellout for sometime, she and her clique ain't listening. They didn't much care when the Brexit Secretary resigned, so not sure they'll change tack for Farage, but good luck to him. 
People's Vote backers rally in Edinburgh for say in final Brexit deal  
But what we can't continue with is the status quo. Both major parties are dysfunctional, tribal, incompetent and basically 'corrupt'. Maybe an alliance of all Remain MPs to defeat Brexit might lead to something new? 
Great work by @NE4EU today in Darlington.The mood is shifting in the North East. Today, we also went door to door with our local campaigners in #Newcastle. We had a really positive response with the majority of people supporting our calls for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.  
For the first time in years, Brexit has given people hope. If it fails they won't forgive us, writes @Lee4NED 
Andy Davey on Nigel Farage returning to frontline politics to "fight back" against what he describes as Theresa May's "fraudulent" Brexit plan – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Two big announcements:1: A major union representing British steelworkers has thrown its weight behind our calls for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.2: @Independent have teamed up with the @peoplesvote_uk campaign for our huge march on Oct 20. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg, a month before the 2016 referendum, criticises Mark Carney in a select committee for making economic predictions.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg says that Carney is wrong to do so because the UK's new deal with EU could be anything from Norway, Swiss or Canada. 
Here they go, the media @SkyNews saying @Nigel_Farage Brexit is a hard Brexit. It's INDEPENDENCE that Nigel wants. Stop misrepresenting Freedom by saying hard Brexit Freedom is Freedom. 
If you haven’t already follow @StandUp4Brexit and please make sure you’re asking your MP to respect the referendum and to #StandUp4Brexit Chequers leads to Corbyn and we all know how damaging that will be to the U.K. 
Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt tweeted on 17 August 2018: 'Britain WOULD survive and prosper without a deal...We will only sign up to deal that respects [the] referendum result.'The emphasis on 'would' is his, not mine. If this statement is correct, why the #ChequersPlan, then? 
Former BBC journalist Gavin Esler told the crowd at a The People's Vote rally: “Truth decay is a rottenness which is undermining our democracy. It has many sources, but one stands out – the Brexit bunch."  
Brilliant interview with @Femi_Sorry Great to have him fighting Brexit 
Ian McEwan, asked which living person he most despises:"The lying, ideological Brexiters, a moneyed elite of cynical populists, who are trying to drive us towards a calamitous exit from the EU."Couldn't agree more.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
British doctors call out Nigel Farage over 'scaremongering' claims in no-deal Brexit row  
‘Tory Glastonbury’ hasn’t invited me to speak on why Brexit is the worst Tory policy since appeasement. I offered them an alternative - ‘why Mrs May is even worse than Neville Chamberlain: at least he believed in what he was doing’ - but they didn’t like that either 
The idea of a 'clean' #Brexit is a dirty little lie, but hey — lying is par for the course for Brexiters like Johnson, Mogg, Andrea Jenkyns & Farage.#StandUp2Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Fighting Brexit in the North of England? Brilliant breakdown of our research by northern umbrella ⁦@BestForBritain⁩ ⁦@hopenothate⁩ 
I know she has a life beyond encouraging a sensible, calm, national conversation about #Brexit, but I do miss @DeborahMeaden when she's not tweeting! 
With #NigelFarage return to the front line of the Leave camp; it is imperative that Britain has a general election to stop this fascist and Russia determining Brexit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg & his gang want to hoodwink voters with talk of 'clean Brexit' & then push us off a cliff edge. Don’t worry about Jacob though,City firm he helped found has launched a new investment vehicle in Dublin in case cut off from European investors  
How does the government think frictionless trade can continue post brexit with 4.2 m trucks a year in and out of Dover&folkestone - 17 customs agents and zero customs infrastructure : this will spell the end of just in time transport 
Time to combat Truth Decay from the BREXIT BUNCH  
This cannot be more serious. The aim of Bannon et al is not only to reinforce Brexit but to destroy the EU, country by country. They are in effect Putin's weapon in his hybrid war. Thank you @GrantWhiteTZ for raising it. Wake up UK. No decent MP can continue to support Brexit now  
How can he be "back in politics" when he isnt, and never has been, an MP?Hes as much a politician as I am!!!!I'm going to publicly back Remain and demand the Lies over Brexit are held to account.What time shall I expect @SkyNews cameras at my home? 
You’ve been enabling @AndrewMarr9 and #BBC by appeasing and making #Brexit look normal. Brexit is a Trojan horse which will deliver autocracy and extremism. 
Nigel Farage back in politics to challenge Theresa May's Brexit. The Brexiteer and former UKIP leader says he has been inspired to return to politics by Theresa May's "Chequers betrayal"For more, head here:  
RT if you think @BrookesTimes sums #Brexit up in this.#BrexitShambles #ExitfromBrexit 
“Brexit was a positive, populist revolt against an old and knackered party-political system. The problem is that those old parties are still in control. How long can this last?”, asks @Tom_Slater_  
Nope. Don’t donate to Farage & crew. They’re for angry hare-brained Brexit...Donate to @Scientists4EU... and fight for a British future that ditches Brexit & builds instead a collaborative Britain with robust, inclusive future-focused economy. 
.@Nigel_Farage: The time has come to teach the political class a lesson: I'm back fighting for a real Brexit 
If we want the Brexit we voted for, we need a PM who will deliver it. The inevitable Tory leadership election is where the fate of our nation will be decided, which is why even @Nigel_Farage is now campaigning with a Tory group.Join the Tories today at  
The Government’s chaotic handling of the Brexit negotiations means the chances of the UK crashing out of the EU are now higher than ever. That’s why City Hall is helping London’s businesses plan for a no-deal Brexit - before it’s too late.  
Do you know anyone who works in the NHS/ social care/ health & medical research? Plse share this widely. We want as many signatures as possible to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Because remember, Nigel Farage won’t be using your NHS. 
'Scores of people have stopped you...". .A 'score ' is 20 people, so you are saying less than 100 people out of 70 million in the UK want you back in politics and support Brexit? What a fascist imbecile you are Farage pic.twitter.com/zru0RssmFS 
Leave never stopped talking about Norway & Switzerland shouting Project Fear at any suggestion the UK wouldn't have full access to the Single Market and you think Hard Brexit is democracy... and don't forget the criminal cheating!  
There is no alternative ‘clean Brexit’. The only alternative is to remain in the EU. May’s deal vs no deal vs Remain is a real debate. Voters must accept that the gov have tried to get on & deliver Brexit only to find that it is beyond delivery  
Retracing the 1st Civil Rights march from Coalisland to Dungannon.      50 years on Brexit is now the biggest threat to our rights  #CivilRights50#WeShallOvercome 
Two years ago today, on our 15 year anniversary & after a certain referendum, this happened! Happy 17th Anniversary to my husband @leon_mcaleenan ! #LoveWins #YesEquality #FurnitureApparently 
Why is nobody on the #Leave side trumpeting the benefits of leaving the EU? Before the referendum they were happy to spin any old lie to sell the dog. Now they are silent. Could it be because every lie has now been exposed and the dog has already died?#stopbrexitsavebritain 
£16.7 million of the £24.4 million spent by the Brexit campaign came from just 10 men, with a combined net worth in excess of £11.5 billion.  
Someone merged Brexit with Titanic and we assure you, it's must-watch  
So, the dirty, rotten #Leave campaign is to be run all over again - even without another referendum. All the same old lies used to win the #EUReferendum will no doubt be trotted out again. Is the #Remain movement ready? Share @Jon_Danzig’s commentary Link:  
The chief pushers of #Brexit, sensing their insane idea is on its last legs, are preparing a push back with a new Leave campaign. Let's not get complacent people, it's not over until Brexit is buried at a crossroads with a stake through its heart. 
Over 1000 people packed into Festival Square, Edinburgh for our #PeoplesVoteScot rally to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal  
Remember when we were promised that #Brexit would mean control of our Borders, Money & Laws?Then we got the #ChequersPlan which delivers none of itWant the #Brexit we were promised? Then please support @StandUp4Brexit & tell your MP#StandUp4Brexit 
Dear brexitears, Britain has more immigrants living in other EU countries than any other country in the EU! Brexit puts at risk the lives of over 4 million British (expats) immigrants.....  
"The next six months will determine the future direction of our country. It is nothing less than a Battle for Britain." @LeaveMnsLeave co-founders @TiceRichard and @JLongworthLML announce they are preparing to relaunch the Brexit campaign.  
"Brexit is personal" says @cliodiaspora. The public need the #finalsay with a #PeoplesVote:  #PeoplesVoteScot 
Losing the European Arrest Warrant and limiting information-sharing arrangements will only make it harder to bring criminals to justice and put our country’s security at risk. It is not too late to rethink and exit from this #Brexit disaster to maintain our security. 
And reminding us that unity is the only way we can defeat #Brexit is @cliodiaspora - unite and support @The3Million and @BritishInEurope to become an #EUcitizensChampion let's work together to call for a #PeoplesVote with a #FinalSayForAll 
“As a Welsh socialist, I believe we have a moral duty to #StopBrexit on behalf of everyone in the UK.Since the Brexit referendum, we have all discovered many more reasons why leaving the EU will be immensely damaging.”Hold a #PeoplesVote to #Remain. 
BRUTAL: This doctor just destroyed Nigel Farage in the most epic way  /#EU #Brexit #NHS #PeoplesVote 
Ruth, you are near me.The weather is kak and so is Brexit  
Leave means leave, so stop being sentimental and get on with Brexit, writes Janet Daley 
He's not supporting a #PeoplesVote He's not opposing #Brexit He's not winning against the Tories He's not getting my vote  
Good piece here by @GeorginaEWright on pitfalls of no deal. Even stopgap solutions - e.g. to keep planes flying - would legally be ‘mixed agreements’ meaning they require ratification by EU27 parliaments. Unlikely to get that if UK reneged on Brexit bill.  
“This generation of young people deserve to have the final say on the Brexit deal... they will be hit the hardest” former president of @NUSScotland Scotland @VonnSand tells #PeoplesVoteScot rally 
The Great British Public want to see the Referendum result properly honoured! Our Director, Jayne Adye, wrote for the Yorkshire Post discussing the importance of a Clean Brexit. 
With @Nigel_Farage coming out of ‘retirement’ to ride around the UK on a bus, lying to the British public about Brexit, once again, let’s remind ourselves how one Labour leader/PM used to deal with this pound-shop nationalist.@jeremycorbyn & @theresa_may should take note. 
Didn't Jaguar/Land-Rover threaten to Leave the UK even at the thought of a 'no-deal' Brexit? Like Airbus were they told what to say?   
This is an easy one. What's your vote on #brexit 2016 to today Please VOTE  and SHARE for the best results 
"Can always trust Kotaku to shove politics down my throat were it is not needed..."An actual comment on an article about a game inspired by fucking Brexit! Bloody hell.  
Thanks @michaelgove you’ve managed to oversee the death of decades of great work in schools and colleges in drama and theatre. Oh and there’s brexit too. What a legacy.  
#FBPE please Retweet for @glostays #PeoplesVoteEvent ahead of @LibDems motionThe event at Gloucestershire Shire Hall DEMANDS the council back calls to give the people the final say in the Brexit negotiations!Imagine the impact if Gloucester could have 100s outside Shire Hall!  
I’ve decided to set Brexit up as a religionWe have the false prophets, blind faith and a multitude of gullible followers ready to goIf anyone wants in as a trustee let me know. And I need help explaining the ‘public benefit’ to the charities commission too#PrayForBrexit  
But that is precisely what you are doing - putting Brexit ideology before people’s prosperity. Huge mistake  
WORRIED: Greece warns Brussels of No Deal Brexit blackhole in EU budget. No Deal means no £40 billion Brexit bill!  
“It’s not too late to save Brexit or the country.”Correct.Pick one.  
'Jacob Rees-Mogg and his gang want to hoodwink voters with talk of 'clean Brexit' and then push us off the edge of the cliff. This is why we should not fall for it'  
They're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Let's take control of their future. #PeoplesVoteScot 
Divisions will only worsen under a hate-fuelled, vicious Brexit. Giving the people a Final Say could stop that | @eddieizzard 
On a serious note if they won and they are getting their glorious #Brexit why do they need to get on the bus of lies again? If it's the will of the people why do they need to do this? 
Was in Germany just after the referendum and their opinion was that whilst Europe was moving forwards Britain had decided to go backwards and yes, they think we're mad #Brexit 
BBC Radio 4 - Julia Hartley-Brewer on Brexit:"It's about democracy. Countries do better, thrive better, when they *govern themselves.* It's NOT for the EU or Mr Jean-Claude Juncker and his drinks cabinet to tell us what to do. We will."... ...but Scotland can go screw itself.  
While London sleeps, Edinburgh is gearing up for people’s vote rally today. Scotland never wanted Brexit in any shape or form & is leading the UK out of the Brexit quagmire 
Ex-whitehall chief Lord Kerslake says Brexit decision may need to be re-opened  
The world's largest aerospace firm, @Boeing, made a huge £40m investment into Sheffield AFTER the EU referendum. They're confident about the future of UK manufacturing. #BackBritain 
Crowds building for our #PeoplesVoteScot rally. Join us in Festival square, Edinburgh to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal 
An @LBC news presenter just stated that Nigel Farage is due to return to frontline politics to tackle Theresa May's 'fraudulent brexit blueprint'.Fraudulent brexit blueprint was not used a quote, just as fact.This is supposed to news, not opinion.Facts matter.#PeoplesVote 
Time to deflate the #FarageBalloon with some #brexit reality  
We set our own bank rates and laws. We agree tariffs and customs rules with our European partners (just as we would with our partners in any post-Brexit FTA). You have only 15 followers. Do you work for Banski? I'm wondering where all the real leavers have gone to? 
The Noway option means paying the EU tribute money, obeying a large proportion of their laws, and open border immigration. But if you couldn’t be bothered to vote in the Referendum why do you care anyway?  
We're already discussing following them around in a red-mini bus with "HAD TO DOWNSIZE DUE TO #BREXIT" would do the trick  we've already got our Boris impersonator #FauxBoJo and #EUsupergirl to defeat him in a mock battle  sorted! 
I've written an article in the Telegraph today on Brexit and its importance to the two big issues of our time - technology and trust.  You can read here:  
Doctor destroys Nigel Farage for calling medical association a 'disgrace' for no-deal Brexit warning  
Survey of 250 skilled EU citizens in UK by law firm BakerMcKenzie found 70% now feel unwelcome and 56% say likely to leave even before Brexit negotiations conclude, reports FDI magazine this week. Let's keep fighting Brexit. 
They say Remainers are the elite. £16.7m of the £24.4m spent by the Brexit campaign came from just 10 men, with a combined wealth in excess of £11.5 billion. #LeaveLies#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
If I may?.... Imagine life without Brexit, we never would have seen this awful side of Remainers.  
Ex-whitehall chief Lord Kerslake says Brexit decision may need to be re-opened  
Prussian here, we normally don't agree with Bavarian but on this one we do. UK is fucked, if Brexit is not stopped. 
For the first time in years, Brexit has given people hope. If it fails they won't forgive us' | via @telegraph 
Evidence is mounting that voters in Labour heartlands have changed their minds over #Brexit - not too late to stop it happening!   
Fresh from last week's news that the people of Swansea have turned firmly against Brexit we've been out with our Brexitometer in the city's Oxford Street this morning  
Green Man Festival overwhelmingly agreeing that Brexit will NOT be good for the NHS#HealthierIN 
This is absolutely flipping brilliant. The whole country should be made to watch it @JasonJHunter is absolutely epic FACTS MATTER#brexit #madness 
When people are willing to sacrifice an opportunity at full sovereignty and economic prosperity because they want to be an exchange student more easily then you know there is something wrong.#Brexit #Remain 
BoJo’s time has come.Critical battle for heart & soul of the Tory PartyChequers Brexit Plan has pitted PM against mainstream Tory opinion & Brexit supporters in UK.Boris has positioned himself as their championThe Battle of Birmingham could be bloody. 
#Brexit in one picture  
THE UK has approached the #Brexit negotiations “as a supplicant” despite being in a much stronger position than the EU, according to this professor of International Economic Law He is rightIt is time for the British government to get off its knees  
For the first time a majority of voters believes that #Brexit will damage the #NHS. It's taken a long time, but the tide has very clearly turned against #Brexit.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Whilst country slides towards unwanted #Brexit TM touring UK to sell a Chequers deal to party faithful that EU will reject anyway. Pointless exercise in futility by a time expired leader 
Rethink of Brexit vote may be necessary, ex-civil service head warns  
Someone merged Brexit with Titanic and we assure you, it's must-watch  
.@jeremycorbyn must stop living in a world of ‘alternative facts’ where #Brexit will be a bonanza for British business -- he ought to wake up and heed the warnings that Brexit is likely to weaken public finances, leaving jobs and public services under threat. 
Nigel Farage - "I’ve had enough of their lies, deceit and treachery. The time has come to teach them a lesson - one that they will never forget. “Theresa the appeaser has produced ideas that are a cowardly sell-out. Now is the time for action." #Brexit  
And what exactly was the referendum result? Nothing but a wafer thin win in an advisory, gerrymandered opinion poll, secured by lies, cambridge analytica advertising and illegal financing, which has failed to bring about a consensus for any option on the table.#PeoplesVote 
'Jacob Rees-Mogg and his gang want to hoodwink voters with talk of 'clean Brexit' and then push us off the edge of the cliff. This is why we should not fall for it'  
Its been clear to me for 6 months that #EFTA/EEA is the right approach to deliver a sensible pro-prosperity Soft #Brexit transition that will safeguard jobs & opportunity.  If you haven’t yet - come and join us: follow @EFTA4UK  
Sarcastic comments coming in from the media already to the news that @Nigel_Farage  is back campaigning for Brexit. Did we expect them to welcome him back with open arms? Not on your Nellie. Looks like Nigel is already ruffling feathers in the establishment. Bring it on Nigel. 
Join the call for abandoning the Brexit project and come to #BinBrexitInBrum on September 30th. We  are pleased to announce that there will be many great speakers at the rally, such as @Andrew_Adonis and @acgrayling .Please support our crowdfunder 
Unfortunately Rachel, Nigel has form when it comes to ducking out of confrontational situations with people who can expose his populist nonsense....he's not so much British Bulldog more like British Bullshit. pic.twitter.com/7KwxCQ7lXW 
As a gay man and an ardent Brexiteer, the suggestion being made by some LGBT activists that I should feel threatened and worried by Brexit is as offensive as it is patently untrue  
Lee Rowley: 'For the first time in years, Brexit has given people hope. If it fails they won't forgive us'  
As a Welsh socialist, I believe we have a moral duty to fight Brexit on behalf of everyone in the UK  
Brexit negotiations are not about putting in place the lessons of reading the boys book of World War 2. This is about the future of businesses, citizens in the UK and EU, and much more besides. It is done little good by the silly no-deal talk 19/ ends 
WATCH | @Michael_Heaver crushes Remaoner scaremongering about No Deal. "You have to be able to walk away to get a good deal... we heard all this rubbish from Remain before the referendum. 500k job losses, recession - what happened to that?"Support us at  
It really is time the Cabinet and key Brexit official negotiators grew up. Almost every Brexit utterance of the last two months has been counter-productive. This isn't mainly about EU intransigence but UK incompetence 18/ 
Which is the point; he promises but cannot deliver. He didn't deliver the referendum and cannot deliver Brexit. He did, however, try to take steps to save himself and his family from its effects.  
There is no sensible Brexit deal with the EU that could be worse for the UK than a March no-deal (ruling our silly stuff like permanent enslavement of the population). There simply isn't the time for the UK to be ready. 15/ 
We want the government to deliver the Brexit that people voted for! Join the campaign now at  
"Under the Tories Britain’s future is at risk whatever the outcome of the Brexit process. Our economy no longer delivers secure housing secure well-paid jobs or rising living standards. There is a new common sense emerging about how the country should be run."Jeremy Corbyn.  
Looking forward to it - Edinburgh is the city of the Enllightenment - facts and reason - the things the Incompetent Brexit Bunch not only lack but say “the people” have had “enough of.” They are wrong - which is why we need a People’s Vote on the Brexit shambles. 1.30 Festival Sq  
Nigel Farage returns to British politics to defeat May's 'fraudulent' Brexit plans  
Tell me...do you honestly think Nigel Farage, Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees-Mogg have *your* interests at heart with Brexit? 
#Brexit Nigel Farage  coming back join Leave Means  Leave group. Help sort out Theresa May’s Chequers Betrayal. 17 million voted leave this is not BREXIT what Theresa May is telling us. Nigel Farage a politician,  with balls of  steel fighting for  and a proper BREXIT for us.  
Please share for those unaware of many of the individuals involved in the right-wing provisional arm of the #Tory party known as Leave means Leave: 
May's elective dictatorship knows Brexit is a catastrophe for Britain and yet they persevere for the sake of party unity. What they are doing is criminal. There can be no other word for it. They are deliberately working against the national interest. They must all pay a price. 
Great article @Lee4NED"I appear to have morphed, against my will and without actually changing my views, from a moderate member of my party on Brexit, to a rebel." I know exactly how you feel! We must deliver our manifesto promise.  
I do hope that when Nigel Farage gets back on his “battlebus” he remembers to tell you all what has happened to your NHS since the Brexit referendum lies.  
Nigel Farage is back! Welcome news indeed. But he can't save Brexit single-handed. Every man, woman and child in this country who wants to see Britain independent again must pitch in and help. #leavemeansleave 
We're being duped by the threatened issue of 80 WM govt notices re the consequences of a No Deal Brexit.  The govt reckon they have to inform the lieges, but it's double edged propaganda, so that when it's (relatively) all right at the last minute, they can say "We saved you!" 
Nigel Farage/Boris Johnson/Jacob Rees-Mogg/Michael Gove, connection? They're all rich/privileged shysters who won't suffer from #Brexit in any way, shape or form, they're disaster capitalists who'll feed off what's left of our once great nation, damn these bastards #PeoplesVote 
Nigel Farage, Boris Johnson, Michael Gove, Jacob Rees-Mogg.None of these rich white men will be waiting for months in pain on surgery waiting lists, or have to wait in freezing cold in ambulances queuing outside A&E.Remember this when they tell you Brexit will save the NHS. 
Nigel Farage returning to frontline politics too challenge Theresa May on Brexit. This is what the campaign needed a real Champion for the Brexit cause. Well done Nigel you have come too fight when your country needs you most, at least somebody out there really cares about Brexit 
If you will excuse me, this is *amazingly* wrong.  I opposed the referendum, took no part in the referendum campaign and did not vote in it. I refuse even to use the B-word. Since the result I have been advocating the Norway (EEA) option as a workable compromise,.  
It is ironic that those Leavers backing #Brexit because of sovereignty are supporting politicians who want to hand over much of that sovereignty to a super-rich elite who couldn't care less about Britain and its people.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Greece warns Brussels a No-deal brexit could trigger EU economic meltdown  
Good piece by @Lee4NED on the huge opportunity for change that Brexit provides but how “Chequers is about to undermine what I thought we all wanted – to restore the belief that the disengaged had in democracy to deliver”  
He still doesn’t get it does he. If #Brexit was stopped and we are sold down the river in any way shape of form democracy in this country would be dead. There would be 2 options available to the public.1. a far right anti-migration party win2. A revolution of sorts.Pick one  
It is now patently clear that the promises and the assurances made by the #Leave campaign were never deliverable, so why on earth is the government pressing on with the bankrupt #Brexit project. The lives of millions will be negatively impacted, nobody wins, everybody loses. 
As their Brexit cliff edge quickly approaches I’ll be publicly debating this chaotic cluelessness with a local Tory MP. Was sold out last time. Book your places quickly this time round.   
Online shopping could be more of a headache after #Brexit@InFactsOrg 
Hospices care for people about to die. They make a big difference at a hard time for people who are entitled to dignity in a thing that will come to us all.And, becuse of brexit and the hostile environment policy, some are helping 30% less people.What are we doing? WHAT?  
At last .. Nigal as PM would soon sort the EU Dictators out ! Let’s hope it’s not too late... Nigel Farage back in politics to challenge Theresa May's Brexit  
Why are the media continually trying to bend our heads with PC propaganda? Why the constant drive on diversity & gender? Why are they so selective in the 'News' they cover? Why do they hate Trump & Brexit? Why do they attempt to impose upon us values which most Brits don't share? 
Watch: @mrjamesob reaction while listening to @JasonJHunter is all of us after a No Deal Brexit.  
Join us today in Festival Square, Edinburgh at 2 where we will be rallying for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. #PeoplesVoteScot 
Britons will lose the right to live work and study in 30 countries.EU citizens will lose it in one country.It's like losing a football match 30-1.#Brexit is theft, #Brexit is stupid.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
“Any fresh ideas on how we could actually make Brexit be workable”“No”“Damn”“But we could hop on a bus like bus twats and moan about how our failure to come up with an idea is somebody else’s fault”“Love it”  
Superb article by Lee Rowley MP (@Lee4NED):“I became an MP last year, for my home area, and the truth is that I ran for Parliament for a much wider set of reasons than Brexit.” 
Great to see @vaughangething speaking so powerfully about the need for a @peoplesvote_uk on the Brexit Deal. Wales will be among the hardest hit by Brexit and Labour should tell that truth - and give people a chance to avert this catastrophe.  
Farage says 'he's back' and will be fighting for a proper Leave.As a Remainer I say 'good'He is a ridiculous figureArgued for a 'Norway option' in referendum, possible influenced currency exchange markets for gain on night of result, and is a lying weaselCorrect all his lies 
Hi @Mike_Fabricant We know that you're pro #Brexit. How about you support our #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject the #chequersplan? We're grassroots & have pledges of support from the likes of @patel4witham @andreajenkyns @bbradleymp & others.We'd love to have you onboard 
Farage is arguing Remainers saying Leave voters didn't know what they were voting for 'implies Brexiters are stupid'Nonsense: we are implying they were lied to and conned, and since Brexit they were promised was an impossible fantasy if truth told result would've been different 
Afraid I have to agree with Mr Stewart. Too many mixed messages. Not a clear enough articulation of the thinking behind the Brexit position. From a distance it feels improvised and chaotic.  
It's great to see the remain camp in a tail spin now that @Nigel_Farage  is back & campaigning against Theresa May's Brexit in name only. Let's back Nigel to put the Great back into Britain again. 
Nigel Farage says he is going "back on the road" to campaign against the PM's #Brexit plan  
Richard Tice called for ‘businessmen’ like him to be given control of the Brexit process on @BBCr4today Find out more about him here: And share the word about how Brexit is a fundamental threat to democracy  
"We need leadership. We need a campaign across the country that re-engages voters and restores their faith in Brexit," says @Nigel_Farage 
Another BBC journalist (& Chancellor of Uni of Kent) spreading more disinformation. #Brexit doesn't stop students taking German A-Level, nor does it "take away the right" to study in Germany. @EUErasmusPlus is open to non-EU countries. If Turks may study in there, why not Brits? 
Brexit legend @Nigel_Farage has joined the Conservative campaign group @LeaveMnsLeave. The Tory party is the battleground for Brexit, so make sure you join to make your voice heard. 
Thank you - and I’m delighted to be home in Edinburgh today to speak at a city centre rally on the need to discuss the facts about the mess the Brexit Bunch incompetence has created in our country.  
Nigel Farage back in politics to challenge Theresa May's Brexit  
The LibDems got out and the Labour party jumped right into bed with the Tories.   You couldn't split their Brexit policy with a cigarette paper.  
Cared for with love and gentleness, as were we his family . In Ireland, we have an independent referendum commission who explain the vote and can pass comment on claims made by opposing campaigns.A great way to expose the liars and charlatans that appear around these votes. 
No , Sherlock?! So why did the BBC give so much unwarranted coverage to Farage in the years prior to the referendum when UKIP were NOTHING?! You have to sort your problems with “balance” out and stop inviting fringe freaks in climate change, Brexit etc.  
Longworth fumes ‘#ChequersPlan is a massive fraud on the electorate’ as Leave Means Leave plots 'the battle of #Brexit' Tory donors are starting to ask, "Why should we continue to support this party that is trying to sell us a pup?#StandUp4Brexit 
A reminder... Russia's military operation leading to the occupation of Crimea began 5 days after Yanukovych fled. No threat to the population of Crimea existed, so no protection needed. The "referendum" results were clearly fabricated. 1st military land grab in Europe since WWII.  
My brother passed away last year in a wonderful hospice in Poole . The care staff were from many nationalities and backgrounds. It’s so sad that the xenophobic nonsense that is Brexit can have such an impact at such a sensitive time . You need to vote again. 
Very disappointed to hear that Nigel Farage plans to campaign for hard Brexit to undermine the PM, split the Tory Party and spark a leadership contest. Doesn't he know that's my job? 
Brexit means Brexit, don't like it you know where the door is  
According to the government’s own economic impact analysis of Brexit, a no deal Brexit means:- 2.8 million lost jobs - £158 billion loss per year- 8% drop in GDP“Leave Means Leave” - which means you are talking your country down towards economic catastrophe.  
This is grossly disingenuous. Your rag has been peddling Brexit lies for more than two years. And now, when the clock is ticking towards a no deal-Brexit, you continue to blame the EU for our national act of self-harm. 
"LEAVE MEANS LEAVE" IS BEING RELAUNCHED!Amid growing fears that a proper Brexit will not be delivered, a well financed, new 'Battle for Britain' campaign is to commence this autumn.Together with Moggs ERG there will be more fireworks than Guy Fawkes to look forward to! 
Nigel Farage will profit from Brexit. After brazenly lying, he is now laughing in your face... We need to save the UK AND take the smile from his face... #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
These are the voices missing from the echo chamber debate on Brexit. Towns ravaged by cheap foreign labour, abandoned by politics >>  
Not Tonight is a "post-Brexit management game" where you serve as a bouncer while deciding what lengths you'll go to in order to survive in a Britain on the verge of collapse.  
I wish people would be more careful with their language. Saying things like "lorry drivers will be banned by Brussels" creates the impression that action is being taken against UK drivers. That's not so, No Deal Brexit will remove the right of UK lorry drivers to drive in the EU. 
You’re back? And back fighting? Marvellous. So please do have me on your @LBC show this Sunday morning and let’s debate Brexit and the NHS. Or does that prospect cause the fight to go out of you? It certainly gives a whole new meaning to your beloved “Project Fear”.  
A few trolls already arriving trying to quieten the truth.  Let's push harder to rally people together for the march on oct 20. This is not about #brexit. This about stopping an authoritarian fascist white supremacist takeover of our country. 
As an Italian living in Britain since 1997 I only experienced racism from Remoaners when they found out Imagine a Brexit supporter 
You got my vote last time, I won’t waste it again. Brexit is National self harm and Labour are standing on the sidelines. Disgraceful! 
Farage claims that since electors were asked to vote in the EU referendum 2016, “there has been virtually no input from the people at all apart from at the 2017 general election”.We beg to differ.See 23 June 2018.#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
. @BBCNews just managed to do an entire piece on shortage of fruit pickers without mentioning one of the main causes - brexit!.  Just clarifying that you are still in fact a 'news' channel? #BBCswitchoff 
EXCLUSIVE: "When UK leaves, EU will have under 14% of world market in goods exports"  Bad news for Remainer MPs.  Read our #Brexit summary here:  
AGREE. Brexit is not inevitableWe still have a choiceTell your MP, they need to hear from you. They’re at risk of getting the will of the people wrong again.They need to see, hear and understand the truth: people are changing their minds on Brexit.  
.@BBC I checked and no... You left it off. Your pro Brexit stance is sickening.#BBCswitchoff 
Sadly it's clear that there are millions of racists in the UK and #Brexit has given them carte blanche to say what they want with impunity.Many that voted to #Leave did so as they had genuine concerns.The tipping point was the racist minority, leaving gives them what they want. 
Wonder what lie they will put on the side of the bus this time....Brexit: Nigel Farage to go 'on the road' with Leave group - BBC News  
Femi went from Facebook warrior with 20 Twitter followers at 25, to getting to Nigel Farage, the man behind Brexit, to admit that his main argument for Brexit was a lie, at 27. #BragAboutYourGeneration 
Wait till you see #Brexit...Austerity’s bigger and nastier brother.#PeoplesVote 
Saturday August 18th.It is now 89 days since my last interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation.But it is only 38 days until I meet on stage the senior BBC personality @afneil to promote my book. Prices for this event have been reduced. #DarkMoney #brexit #indyref2 
Hard Brexit will deliver Trumpism to the UK. That is full blown disruption & division in our society. It's deliberate: the same figures are behind Trump, Brexit & rise of the far right in Europe. There is no time for complacency, this is not just a domestic problem. #StopBrexit 
So Brexit will bring disaster to UK farming, fishing, car manufacturing, road haulage, NHS, banking and what were the advantages again? Oh to stop civil unrest if the 52% were denied their chance to ruin the UK and a few wealthy individuals get to stay rich. Shame on you Govt. 
Mercer and Bannon also backed Brexit by supporting several Leave groups, two of which are currently under investigation for breaking British election law.  
No-deal Brexit disruption could turn the M20 into a giant lorry park, Government warns 
#LeaveMeansLeave, Nigel Farage's new employer, is co run by Richard Tice.Richard wants a #nodealbrexit.He also ran a distressed debt agency, buying up struggling firms at a discount & making a profit.Man of the people? You think?#Brexit #NigelFarage 
I think more people are now speaking out and see that a #peoplesvote needs to happen for us to have a #finalsay on the #brexit deal. #commensense will prevail. It really helps that celebrities are getting involved. Love #wordupdesign x 
Brexit: Tory hardliners’ faith in the World Trade Organization as a viable alternative to EU membership is reckless fantasy  
The time has come to teach the political class a lesson: I'm back fighting for a real #BrexitNIGEL FARAGE  
Sweden election: Swedish nationalist calls for REFERENDUM on EU membership  
Um. If you know any millennial women, please educate them and get them to the polls. The midterm election is a referendum on Donald. We have to send a loud message.   
Nigel Farage back in politics to challenge Theresa May's Brexit  
By enabling brexit. Bit of a let down really though isn’t he. 
"I'm going to start out by agreeing with something that Steve Bannon said, which is that this midterm election" is "a referendum on Donald Trump" - @SteveSchmidtSES 
According to the i, Sajid Javid is certain to stand for the Tory leadership so he can unite the party. Really? Around which Brexit policy would it unite? He is in the cabinet that approved the Chequers Plan and has not resigned. Does he have an alternative plan? If so, what? 
Brexit Dept. own analysis:No deal #Brexit:2,800,000 lost jobs £158bn loss p.a.Trade agreement Brexit (out of single market):1,750,000 lost jobs£99bn loss p.a.Soft Brexit (EEA & single market):700,000 lost jobs£39bn loss p.a.Remain in EU:No impact on jobs£ no loss  
Brexit: Nigel Farage to go 'on the road' with Leave group  
Dennis Pilon: B.C.’s eminently fair referendum process  
'A united Ireland is closer than ever because of Brexit'  
Brexit: spoon-feeding the babies - with the publication of the government's "technical notices", the babies in the media can be spoon-fed with doses of reality which are largely incontestable, after ignoring them from other sources ...  #Brexinfo. 
Some absolutely terrible people have a lot of money invested in Brexit happening so they can scavenge on the scraps afterwards. Watching their bet fail and see them descend into financial ruin is one of the best reasons to call the whole thing off.  
We ALL sleep under the same moon. If I can take this photo from my back door, then we sure as hell have every right to think about the bigger picture. #Brexit does not define Britain. We are bigger better and braver. Let’s fight to keep it that way #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
#Corbyn seems to have done nothing to stop the storm of cruelty and derision aimed at Hodge. He's done little if anything to stop a stream of abuse against 'centrist dads', 'melts' and 'Blairites'. He's quashed debate on Brexit. He's no unifier. He's no leader. He's a shit. 
One week from tonight the high school football season kicks off at Hermitage, and check out the amazing new playing field, thanks to voters who approved it in the 2016 bond referendum! Shout-out to @HenricoNews for the footage! 
Wow, the editor of The New European is moaning about Brexit... Think I’ll turn off the radio now. #moreofthesame #shootingfishinabarrel 
Coming up at 1 LBC's newest presenter & Editor of the New European Matt Kelly (@mk1969) wants to know: As the UK hurtles towards a no-deal Brexit which no one wants, why would anyone out there still support Brexit?  
I've voted Labour since turning 18 in 1972.  The biggest threat to this country and its future is Brexit.  Labour, get your house in order, and OPPOSE BREXIT.  Apologise for anti-semitism, stop faffing about like a bunch of two-year-olds and OPPOSE BREXIT. OK? 
Not going to lie.The Fan sign that said:"RED caused Brexit" Had me dying. 
So #remain is best option Unless you buy into Mogg and Digby and agree that this is an ideology that MIGHT  in 50 to 100 years have some benefits That’s a pretty altruistic stance to hope your great great grandchildren might get a sniff of a better life from #Brexit  
Things that trigger yoons:  bridgesGaelicbaby boxesHumza Yousafsuccessful Scotland CatholicsThings that don't: British bombsAnything bad politically that can't be blamed on SNPbrexitxenophobiaracismbigotry#priorities 
Nigel Farage hits out at MPs as he joins forces with hard Brexit group  
As the UK economy stalls Hard Brexit fan @Michael_Heaver attacks Remain's economic predictions during the EU ref which are coming true (graph via the FT) unlike the wildly inaccurate predictions from Leave's 'Economists For Brexit' #SkyPapers @FranBoait @AnnaBotting 
The French have dedicated a road to Brexit ... and it’s a dead end  
The present Brexit Jihadi position is that “no deal” is brilliant. It’s the real deal Brexit and won’t adversely affect trade. However, somehow that lack of adverse effect should be so terrifying to the EU that it’ll force them to offer a deal, even though we now don’t want one 
There's only one thing you need to ask yourself if you voted for #Brexit "why are all the racists, fascists, mysoginists and intellectually challenged standing with me?"...then you'll understand you're  on the wrong side of history and you've f...ked up!! 
Whatever Corbynism ought to have stood for, right now it stands for Brexit. This must be sad for anyone who hoped Corbyn would protect the poor from the worst excesses of the right. 
Farage back......The time has come to teach the political class a lesson: I'm back fighting for a real Brexit  
This is on top of the many other millions that consultants have been paid for 'developing Brexit plans' .... such a shame the Government refuse to share any of the research with the rest of us tho eh? 
For the first time, the British public believes Brexit will damage the NHS || via Businessinsider  
We don’t have to leave. The ref was advisory and non-binding.And there are enough rebel Tory MPs to stop it or there WOULD be if Corbyn weren’t whipping Labour MPs to support the government; there’s no opposition for the rebels to vote with.*Labour* is making Brexit happen now.  
Wow.  The exceptional @doctor_oxford pulling not a single punch in response to Farage daring to suggest that he knows better about NHS delivery than they do.She spells Brexit consequences out here.Why is Labour FB supporting Brexit?  WHY?    
Just don't get how the media & @BBC in particular have got away with such blatant bias against Trump & Brexit & for all things PC, diverse & gender fluid. It's as if they're trying to subvert us. The public are getting fed up with all the manipulation & attempted Marxist control. 
Forget BrExit & ItalyTurkey's economy is collapsing. It has 4m refugees costing $20bln of which $7bln came from the EU to keep them there. It is a pariah with America. Assad/Putin taking back Idlib & Afrin could push a million more refugees to TurkeyThe EU is bricking it 
Its bad management that has forced hospitals to close, not Brexit, I worked 42 years in the NHS and the waste is horrific.  
@LeaveMnsLeave is the official Conservative party Brexit campaign group. I suppose the real question is when does @Nigel_Farage join the @Conservatives party. @leave.eu think that’s where the Brexit battle ground is !  
Remember this when you're listening to populist Leave bulshitters tell you Brexit is going to be fine.#GenoaBridgeCollapse #Genova 
"Omarosa Manigault Newman has a stash of video, emails, text messages & other documentation supporting the claims in her tell-all book about her time in the Trump White House, a person with direct knowledge of the records told The Associated Press Friday." 
I've got a lot of new followers, thanks to my bundling other people's infographics together and getting a mention from @ThePoke. Let me just say this - Stopping Brexit is the fight of our lives! Don't sit back and be a keyboard warrior. We need your boots on the ground! 1/2 
SACK HIM: Petition To Discipline Judge Who Imprisoned Tommy Robinson Goes VIRAL 
This finance boss slams May's "Remainer coup" which resulted in the #ChequersPlan"It's not going to be a good deal. The government are trying to spin it that it is delivering a good #Brexit but, come on, nobody really believes it any longer"Spot on! 
Mrs May fails to notice or acknowledge the English nationalism in her claim to speak for the Scots & Irish against their will, or in her imposition of English nationalists’ vision of the EU on the Scots & Irish, who did not vote for English Brexit  
Great to see Nigel back and he will hit the Campaign trail for Leave means leave.Great boost today for the Brexit campaign.  
@CGreenUK Chris is sound and a conviction MP who is committed to #Brexit. Great to hear he is on board with the @StandUp4Brexit campaign. 
As a pragmatic Brexiteer I look forward to being among those taking you on, you self centred vainglorious famewhore.You’ve given up principle for populist adulation & don’t give a damn about your country or, indeed, making Brexit work.You are a disgrace to yourself & the cause.  
This finance boss slams May's "Remainer coup" which resulted in the #ChequersPlan"It's not going to be a good deal. The government are trying to spin it that it is delivering a good #Brexit but, come on, nobody really believes it any longer"Spot on! 
To be clear, I was present at Brexit negotiations, but not involved. 
The second referendum might as well be made official now the campaign is under way.  
thankyou the battle for Brexit starts now #MayMustGo and take #ChequersPlan and Robbins with her. 
No the EU is, terrible to see HMG resorting to this #Brexit spin  
Quite right. We’re sick of noisy Remoaners and the timid, defeatist mindset of May and her fraudulent Chequers sell out.  The Campaign for a proper Brexit gets my vote.   
Some will like this some will not... The time has come to teach the political class a lesson: @Nigel_Farage back fighting for a real Brexit' | via @telegraph  
It is now beyond doubt that the political class in Westminster and many of their media allies do not accept the EU referendum result:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Gaaaaah. God Brexit’s hard. Every time I think I’ve moved on even an inch something rears up to remind me I’m still just as heartbroken and angry as I was two years ago. 
As a Welsh socialist, I believe we have a moral duty to fight Brexit on behalf of everyone in the UK  
Hi guys,Sky News are polling their viewers about Brexit, whether or not there should be a new referendum and the options,and the NHS.... you may like to take this survey.? 
New nursing student numbers fall for 2nd year running after end of bursary in Eng. Meanwhile, the no of #EU students set to embark on #nursing programmes in the #UK #NHS currently stands at 330 – a drop of 23% since 2016, the year of the #Brexit vote. 
That's £35,885Before the referendum it was £30,755Brexit is making Nigel poorer. How sad.  
But @JeremyCorbyn Brexit will prolong austerity. So until you start opposing #Brexit your fine words will be no better than the mendacious drivel peddled by the likes of Liam Fox.#peoplesvote #stopbrexit 
"Children, vulnerable people and those confused by post-Brexit citizenship rules are at risk of 'catastrophic' disruption if they are unable to secure the right to remain in the UK." writes @ChaplainChloe 
What Corbyn, May and Farage don't want you to know is that we could have 224 brand new hospitals-A year!- if we bin Brexit and grab the #Remain dividend. #NHS #RemainDividend 
The EU is a political construct, rather than an economic one, and will pursue its dog-in-the-manger approach no matter what:  #Brexit 
There's one opinion that goes @darrengrimes_ is a weak naive pawn of the Goves & Bannon of this world.There's another that he is a troll who knows exactly the pain he's helped inflict on people caught in #brexit limbo.I'm increasingly thinking the 2nd opinion the correct one.  
But behind closed doors, government appears to be preparing for what David Davis once described as a "Mad Max" Brexit.  ENDS 
EU Demands MORE cash from Germany!Brussels facing €10 Billion financial blackhole in EU budget after Britain’s contribution to EU coffers runs dry.Britain has paid way too much over past 45 years.So Glad we're Leaving EU.Enjoy your EUBye!#Brexit #EU 
Tory minister @AlistairBurtUK has removed a survey from his website asking constituents if they want a #PeoplesVote after outrage from the Brextremists. The Brextremists will attempt to crush any democratic move that threatens their #BrexitTaxHaven#Brexit 
Tomorrow’s anti-Brexit street stalls in West Yorkshire:#Leeds, Briggate, 12.30#Keighley, bus station, 13.00#Morley, Town Hall, 12.00 (organised by Leeds Left Against #Brexit)Our movement is expanding. Together we will #stopbrexit! 
A very reliable source has leaked details about the UK government's 'no-deal' Brexit plans and it is basically Armageddon for the UK road transport industry. THREAD 
H/t @HackedOffHugh HMG has assessed Tax & VAT Revenue impacts due to Brexit but refuses to release the information We need a whistleblower - know anyone we can help embolden  @chrisinsilico @JohnFordBlagger @peterjukes ?@PeterKGeoghegan @AdamRamsay @J_amesp 
I see all the people claiming that nurses are not joining the #NHS because of #brexit that is untrue. A language test requirement was introduced for EU nurses before they can get a job with the #NHS and that is the reason. 
It's dawning on the EU27 that a No Deal #Brexit would mean less money from EU coffers for poorer member states and higher contributions from the richer countriesYet all Theresa May has to show for her efforts is the discredited #ChequersPlanPathetic! 
*POLL* #Conservative Party Leadership Final (Top 2 from each Semi Final) - Who should be Leader? Please Retweet for a Larger Sample!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSay#MayMustGo #Tories 
Anyone who believes the "brexit" nonsense should read this link  The 2016 vote for the UK to leave the EU was procured by crime - beyond reasonable doubt. A criminally procured vote is NOT VALID - and the British people really don't like cheats and cheating 
Chequers is NOT a good deal.Govt trying to spin it that it's delivering #BrexitBut nobody really believes in it any longer!When the chips are down they will vote against this deal.That means Theresa May will have to resign & probably Boris becomes PM. 
I understand-that was part of my reason for not rejoining until now.I hate and oppose Brexit - but it is a mess of the Tories' making and there's something uncomfortable about the focus being on JC's response not their huge divisions.the ppls' vote isn't a silver bullet either  
Dear friends, the march against #Brexit is going to be the biggest march in the history of the country. You can feel it. This is no longer a march against #brexit. This is a march against fascism, a march against dictatorship. The people of Great Britain will not be silent. #FBPE 
Belfast to Edinburgh. Yep... Definitely didn't need to show my passport to board this plane. Wonder if that would be the case post Brexit? Anyone from the EU can enter Ireland, So... What's it gonna be? Do we treat Northern Ireland as a different country or do we rip up the GFA?  
Great news - York Central CLP @labouryork today voted for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. It’s not too late for your CLP to join them - propose our motion before Sept 13th to have your say.  
Labour Conference must decide on Brexit. Not Jeremy Corbyn, Keir Starmer, the Shadow Cabinet or Seumas Milne.Quite frankly, we are not a democratic socialist Party if we exclude our members from this decision.Support our Contemporary motion with @Remain_Labour  here  
So let’s again be clear. “No deal” #Brexit is a *UK Government* choice. The EU is quite happy with a deal, including largely unfettered single market access and immigration safeguards. Repeat: “no deal” is a *UK Government* choice.Let’s never again hear otherwise.  
Tory minister dumps second #Brexit referendum survey after angerFrom the #ERG nutjobs, of courseIt’s only ok to acknowledge the will of the people when it fits your agenda isn’t it @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @michaelgove @10DowningStreet? via @PoliticsHome 
Sir Patrick Stewart breaks with Labour after 70 years over Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit stance — Sky News  
Surely that is a huge decision to take knowing the facts surrounding the BREXIT vote, the constitutional implications, and the divisive nature of the whole thing. I am shocked that Theresa May could assume such authority without first seeking the approval of Parliament.  
If #Brexit is patriotic and democratic why are American fascists cheerleading for Rees-Mogg and the ERG? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Hello the unroll you asked for: Thread by @JasonJHunter: "1/ Wanna know what the UK proposal is for handling customs after Brexit? Alright then here ya go, it's very simple reall […]" Have a good day.  
1/ BREXIT: The EU have already done a study showing how the UK could rejoin EFTA and remain a member of the EEA, with safeguards for immigration controls: #BREXIT #Efta 
The gloves are off now guys..  lets crush this Brexit insanity once and for all! 
Martin Rowson on vaping and Brexit – cartoon  
With Brexit looming I decided to stockpile Danish pastries.Bit of a fail I've eaten both of them  
"The Star Trek actor said he had a "suspicion Jeremy believes a disastrous Brexit would benefit him politically" and accused him of "playing with the country's future"More than a suspicion.#BrexitShambles#CorbynOut 
If you’re a Remainer, you’ll conclude that Brexit is the biggest mistake for generations & must be resisted.If you’re a Leaver, you can now take comfort after all the Brexit lies that all is well because you’ll ‘survive’. 
Spot the lie.When Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt first says;“Brexit would be a mistake we would regret for generations",Then to proceed to ‘clarify’ when criticised;“The UK would survive and prosper",These statements are mutually exclusive. He was lying in one of them. 
"#Brexit is detrimental to the #UK"RT after voting for a larger sample. 
Economic turmoil & hardship so a tiny wealthy minority can slash the taxes, regulations and workers' rights that eat into their profits. There should be a constitutional safeguard to prevent a government abusing its powers in this way. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Just over 14 months ago, this alleged 'Conservative' was content to stand for Parliament for a party & on a manifesto both pledging to implement Brexit in full, including leaving SM & CU. If she wants to retract, let her resign & stand for re-election. pic.twitter.com/KlqHR0lOOt 
Theresa May’s government is still engaged in EU defence integration, despite the vote for Brexit:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Securing the same terms as the EU in post-Brexit trade deals may prove difficult  
Put this together with a now nearly certain "no deal" #Brexit next March and give a wild guess as to what will happen.See 2008 for a clue. (It will be worse)  
Didn't realise it was down to me to have a #Brexit plan, or I'd have scribbled something down.What's the "plan" for Remain, buttercup? There is no status quo with the EU, they're on full-blown superstate mode.Oh, and did you not notice, Brexit has a plan. There's even a date   
In a year of business uncertainty, potential trade wars and #Brexit turmoil, one customer segment seems insulated from the volatility: the world’s growing class of high-net worth individuals, writes @astonmartin boss @AndyatAston 
Just in case you missed it, and to reiterate: “The lies of the Leave campaign have been exposed. People are now realising the damage that will be done by any form of Brexit”. @UKLabour @RosieDuffield1 @jeremycorbyn 
I reckon the folk spending their entire day tweeting me because they can’t quite believe a young gay person would dare campaign for Brexit without being ‘duped’ are the sad sods who need to get a life.  
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal  via @UKChange 
Some people say you shouldn't mix politics and video games.We said *bollocks to that*, and now our Brexit management game is in the Steam Top Selling charts <3 <3 
Dear metropolitan elite, we don't care how many celebrities you have demanding a second referendum. They also demanded we vote REMAIN. We did not. We outnumber you. You don't get to steal our country from us using wealth, status and privilege. We might take those from you, though 
Joshua Chaffin: 'I wrote about the plight of migrants — rich and poor — many of whom had become convinced that the UK was their home until the Brexit vote unexpectedly shook that assumption. I never expected to face the same reckoning. I have'  
Ireland could sustain collateral damage in the event of a no-deal Brexit  
I've only just found out there's another march to stop Brexit on 20 October in London. Be there.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Hard Brexit SHOCK: Labour Leave voters back NEW PARTY forcing clean break from EU – poll 
Great to see Welsh Labour leadership candidate @vaughangething say this is #NotMyBrexit and backs a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit seal.   
Eh? I can quite enjoy the Remain furore directed toward me, because it is mad and unwarranted and proves that I’m actually making a difference that they’re not  fond of i.e. Brexit, whilst still being from a council estate in the North East?  
Looks like London's businesses are starting to stop this #Brexit negativity and get on with the job - tally ho!  
"It is not too late to save Brexit or the country. You can help achieve the clean Brexit this country voted for by backing a Brexit candidate in any future leadership election. But the clock is ticking. Every second counts."Our latest newsletter  
There has not been a single prominent figure I've interviewed about Brexit who certain obsessives have not attempted to intimidate into silence: Heseltine, Clarke, Gina Miller, now Sir Patrick Stewart, among many others. This is starting to feel like a totalitarian state. 
Record employment, unemployment at record low, record foreign direct investment, largest technological and fintech hubs in Europe, very few losses to Europe in the financial sector, 0.4% economic growth in the last quarter. Clearly Brexit has been an unmitigated disaster. 
In the  Gestapo HQ/ prison/ torture centre in Köln, Nazi era Germany.5 people where executedTheir "crime" ?Defying the will of the people Brexit must be stopped#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Not a word of response from @Nigel_Farage to this thread, despite its 8,000 retweets and 1.3 million impressions in 24 hours. Perhaps, Mr Farage, you'd invite me onto your @lbc show this Sunday, 10am-12pm, to discuss Brexit and the NHS in person? You're not scared are you?  
LISTEN INAs this case progresses it is VITAL that the finding form our case that the decision to leave the EU was made by The PM and The PM alone on the exclusive basis of the referendum is understoodThat needs to be very widely communicated  
Scientists have calculated that when #Brexit dies the sheer quantity of people dancing on it's grave will create enough energy to change the Earths axial tilt by 2°. Might mean a couple of extra weeks of Summer. Another compelling reason to #StopBrexitSaveBritain  
Jeremy Hunt has been mocked after insisting that Britain would "survive and prosper" after a no-deal Brexit, the day after describing it as a "mistake we would regret for generations"  
75% of #Leave voters back New Party for Clean Break from #EUVoters “deeply disappointed by response of main parties to clear democratic instruction.British party political system bereft of ideas, baffled by democracy & bankrupt on accountability"#Brexit 
Hi @timloughton You may have seen our grassroots #StandUp4Brexit campaign where we are asking MPs to to support rejection of the #ChequersPlan because #Chequers is not #Brexit.Will you join the growing number of MPs like @patel4witham who have pledged to back our campaign?  
If this happens, I shall take to my car and drive in front of the bus at 5mph wherever it goes. Anyone with me?Boris Johnson is threatening another Brexit bus tour, which can’t possibly backfire  
I just asked a Bavarian what Germans make of Brexit. "We think you're fucked." 
Because all our energy and focus is being poured into Brexit. They weren’t wrong. We were all misled. We now know more. #peoplesvote 
Hmm. We never got such treatment.  It appears that the Courts are much more comfortable looking at the legalities of Brexit now it’s been established who exactly was responsible for the decision to go ahead with it.  God Speed! 
The disenfranchising began with Thatcher in the 80s and the destruction of industrial heartlands. Then austerity hammered people from 2010 onwards. But tragically, millions of people were tricked into blaming it all on immigrants and the EU. And that’s how Brexit happened. 
No Deal was a risk that @theresa_may took when she decided to leave the EU & inadvisedly sent that letter.It’s not within the EU’s gift to impose hard Brexit.Only @theresa_may can impose it.It’s on her shoulders.All of this Brexit chaos is on her shoulders.  
Government given two weeks to respond to Brexit legal challenge  
“I am backing the Final Vote on the Brexit deal not because I think it is the most popular option, but because I think it is right...” My article on why I’m backing the campaign by the @Independent for a #FinalSay 
As @Jon_Danzig writes in his blog today: ‘There is no pie. There is no cake. There is no #Brexit dividend. There is no Brexit that can work. It’s all built on sand. Has this sunk in yet?’ Please share.  
59% (19.8m) would vote Remain in an informed EU referendum... Pass it on!  
The ‘cost’ of Brexit—profit or loss— will not be known for years to come. Meanwhile economists will offer guesstimates based on unreliable models but still claim accuracy.They are almost always wrong. But Brexit is a political process of reclaiming sovereignty.That is what counts 
If we were allowed to swear, Project Bollocks sounds like a perfect description of Brexit. 
I debated a young girl on Brexit & young people the other day - naively she thought that the EU was good for young people. Tell that to the 40% of young Italians who can't find a job - or who do and get paid Less than 500 euros a month for full time work. 1/3 
Andy Davey on the Cabinet preparing for a no deal Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney original-political-  
Brussels bosses warned they’ll wreck Europe’s economy and endanger citizens if they refuse to strike Brexit deal with UK  
Sir Patrick Stewart breaks with Labour after 70 years over Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit stance. "It doesn't feel like my party anymore."Sorry to say, many life-long Labour supporters agree with him. 
As a Welsh socialist, I believe we have a moral duty to fight Brexit on behalf of everyone in the UK  
"We're growing, the rest of the world is growing NOW'S the time to be able to go out into the rest of the world, The fact you keeping saying 'Chain us to this dying EU block' IS WRONG"  Listen to @Lugey6  debating Global Brexit on @LBC 
This Sunday's cover: @thatginamiller on defeating the government on Brexit and becoming a magnet for hatredPortrait by @sukidhanda 
So many questions:When Deborah says ‘my country’ does she mean ‘the EU’?Why is it ‘obvious’ that she wouldn’t engage with a leading Brexit campaigner? Because pro-EU arguments don’t survive scrutiny?  
There must be a word for someone who persistently displays ignorance in public and revels in it. Ah, I know, a Brextremist. #Brexit  
Andy Davey on the #MI6 #Brexit spying story; Boy! They must have stolen some really useful information from the #EU team to have enabled the UK team to be in such a...er...strong negotiating position – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
'My son was diagnosed with leukaemia while we were on holiday in Italy. His life was saved because Brexit hadn't happened yet'  
Least said soonest mended, minister. But here’s a tip : 40 years of trying to appease these people shows it doesn’t work. If you followed every detail of the Rees-Mogg Brexit Plan ( hollow laughter ) they’d still denounce you for “betrayal” ( and so would he) 
Not Tonight's Exaggerated Post-Brexit Britain Feels Depressingly Plausible  
Unfortunately this law breaker is unfamiliar with basic legal issues and resorts to ad hominem comments on @Femi_Sorry. As @BritishInEurope could point out, their legal position is uncertain in the event of no deal Brexit, & would depend upon whatever national or EU law applied.  
If more than 17.41 million people turn up to the #PeoplesVoteMarch in October, I think we should have a second referendum. 
Hey Darren, the 1.4 million brits living in other EU countries. What is their right of residence based on? Their EU citizenship. What does Brexit take away from them? Their EU citizenship.But hey, facts are b*****ks apparently... Much better to just lie and break the law.  
'Divisions will only worsen under a hate-fuelled, vicious Brexit. Giving the people a Final Say could stop that'  
Greece warns 'no-deal' Brexit would plunge country into 'financial and political instability' 
Delighted to hear the UK would "survive & prosper" if "no deal" #Brexit. Government must clarify its readiness for "no deal", to settle uncertainty.    
The whining right never stopped complaining about the European project after the first referendum in 1975. As a proud British-European, I won’t stop fighting for us to be leaders in our continent, as opposed to the little Englanders Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage want us to be.  
Brexit could affect more than a million patients suffering with rare diseases and weaken the UK's response to pandemics according to the BMA. With so much at stake, it's vital that Brexit's health implications are understood. Help us share the news.  
I am not a professional economist but I know that if models have false inbuilt assumptions their output will be wrong. This seems to explain why the Treasury model failed regarding Brexit (cf. the Great Scare) as Bootle has pointed out. It is still being used. 
WATCH: Tom voted to leave the EU in 2016 but is now joining the calls for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. He'll also be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch - join the march now:  
#Cornwall's MPs are meant to represent their constituents' interests.If you're one of the *many* in Cornwall who feel that #Brexit is a threat to our livelihoods and wellbeing, please let your MP know how you feel and demand to know what they intend to do about it!#PeoplesVote 
Brexit  
Dear #FBPE, I have a good idea. Please RT if you agree.The UK should have a hard "no deal" #Brexit for about 2 weeks in mid October.A temporary Brexit will give both the UK & EU a chance to see what they need to do to prepare, and the UK population gets a taste of "control". 
It has only taken two years but it looks like the Government is finally going to show Brussels that we are ready for a clean-break Brexit. 
The Court of Appeal will rule in this appeal against the referendum result later this month. Until this legal process is complete, legislation for abortion services cannot proceed. #repealedthe8th #legislate #freesafelegal 
Just arrived home, having driven to Gibraltar and back on a camping holiday. Had so many close shaves and rudeness from French drivers in France, I refuse to accept it was all down to me driving badly, probably my GB plates and Brexit had something to do with it. 
#Brexit: Whilst exports to the #US totalled £100bn last year, that is dwarfed by the £235.8 billion exported to the #EU.- Read the latest and share this story with friends. 
Umunna’s poundshop SDP must not be allowed to hide behind a smoke screen of Brexit and Labour antisemitism We must ruthlessly call them out for what they offer More austerityPrivatised public servicesLow tax for the richPro-Trump wars  
What the BBC wants you to know about:Negative EU storiesDeaths of ex BBC staffTrump storiesVoting irregularities abroadWhat the BBC doesn’t want you to know about:Russian involvement in BrexitPeople’s VoteThe possibility that Brexit won’t go ahead#FBPE 
A series of government papers on a “no deal” Brexit, expected to be published from next week, will cover more than 80 specific subjects, reports @BuzzFeed 
The National Archives races to create electronic archive of EU law before Brexit -  @UkNatArchives faces challenges converting EU's enormous library of laws into a publicly accessible UK archive ahead of Brexit. Digital director @johnlsheridan explains:  
But will their response be ‘yes we messed up, sorry, let’s cancel Brexit’? Probably not since they are collectively insane. The case is likely to be heard in October. Was it a free and fair referendum?No, it was not.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Divisions will only worsen under a hate-fuelled, vicious Brexit. Giving the people a Final Say could stop that | @eddieizzard 
We must look to the future, not the past. I take a look at the Commonwealth; the average person in Aberdeen will loose £1776 a year from a hard Brexit and the BMA warns of the dangers of a no deal. All this and more in this week's #ScotlandinEurope Update. 
A new party that wasn't swivel eyed loony on identity politics, had a reasonable compromise in mind for BREXIT, no terrorist sympathisers and anti-semites, with even a whiff of competence would win in a landslide I think  
Nobody who voted leave voted for a #nodealbrexit b/c it's like voting to jump out of an airplane without a parachute. Theresa May's govt must either postpone Brexit or call an election.  
Brief sum up.Jenkins is promoting a stand up 4 Brexit twitter campaign.Banks is hinting at launching a new digital campaign.Leave means leave are relaunching.Just read Johnson is thinking of doing another bus tour.Yet Brexit is supposed to be a done deal.So why?#StopBrexit 
Someone must remind Mr. Imran Khan, he supported Musharraf during his referendum. 
Sir Patrick Stewart breaks with Labour after 70 years over Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit stance  
Tariff revenue for EU as a whole (2016) was £16.3 billion. So how could no-deal Brexit bring in £113 billion? 
Thanks @ChukaUmunna ‘There is nothing more opposed to basic Labour values than Brexit...would be the easiest thing in the world to attack the gov on Brexit and oppose it at every turn and to tear apart their arguments and expose it for what it is’ 
They should be sued over this. It may delay the referendum so we can get a sane legislature on NC.  
Message from the people of #WestPapua today on #IndonesianIndependenceDay: "Don't force us to be Indonesian". #FreeWestPapua #LetWestPapuaVote #Referendum  
It’s always been the case that if we can’t agree a deal, we simply leave the EU without one, says Former Brexit Minister @DavidJonesMP on @BBCWorldatOne 
Respect a Ref result based upon the non-binding opinion of 26.5% of the Ppl/37% voters backing various #Brexit, all of which Remove Rights w/o Consent & leave the UK & the maj of its cits Poorer?Ok sure..if U respect the democratic Right of 100% voters to get a #FinalSay#Remain 
On holiday with some lovely soft Leavers who are appalled by the hard #Brexit that’s currently being pursued but haven’t done anything beyond saying ‘it doesn’t have to be like this’.  Makes me want to cry. #peoplesvote #finalsayforall #brexitispersonal 
BREAKINGHMRC confirm existence of #Brexit Impact Assessments but refuse to disclose them. 
Reading @ShippersUnbound’s amazing Brexit book and learning that the Leave vote might have come down to ballot wording  
Erm, have you seen the polling coming out of Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland and the north of England? They don’t want this.Your aggressive Brexit will make those places more vulnerable, poorer and angrier.  
Getting ready for Coalisland-Dungannon Civil Rights Anniversary march tomorrow 3pmDenial of Rights, Wrong 50 years ago - Wrong today #Brexit will remove your hard won rights Stand up & fight back  
Government given two weeks to respond to Brexit legal challenge  
.@SirPatStew is calling for the will of the people to be ignored.Leave means a total EU Exit. The Government has been mandated to "make it so" - anything less will be a betrayal.  Democracy demands Brexit.   #ForTheNation  
We need a Prime Minister who believes in #BrexitStep forward @BorisJohnsonYour country needs you#ChequersPlan is not #Brexit#MayMustGo and be replaced by #BorisJohnsonPlease retweet if you agree#news #Conservative 
#FridayFeelingLaughing hysterically at this Jacob Rees-Mogg meme "Over here Nanny — we've got a new #Brexit plan to colour in!"Don't know who did it, but hats-off to you   
"The ballot fight became for many a referendum on class power in the United States: are you for or against unions, with the boss or wary, in favor of Social Security or not, with the rich or against?"  
Boris is set to push for a proper Brexit! 
"I went to Northern Ireland in the hope of catching something of the mood at what seems a rather crucial time in a place that is - potentially - the Brexit frontline."  
We should stop Brexit but still give them their blue passports, that'll keep some of the nutters happy! 
BFE: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is comedian and actor, #TraceyUllman famous for her hilarious political impersonations and cutting satirical sketches! Will you join her and SIGN THE PETITION to demand your say?   
Britain is already in upheaval over Brexit. Now there's another potential fiscal crisis: Local governments drained of resources, cutting services to the bone.  
Our Foreign Secretary has 'clarified his remarks'. when he said "Brexit would be a mistake we would regret for generations"  he meant "UK would survive and prosper"Is anyone* buying this?  Which time was he LYING.   Because they can't both be true.  #incompetent @Jeremy_Hunt 
"It is during this time of Buhari that the people of #Biafra will get their referendum"-@linda_alela #BiafraReferendum 
It's not the legality of the Brexit vote.that's worrying the expats, it's the thought of having to pay for their own healthcare.  
They say "We shouldn't have to let the likelihood of violence (from Brexit breaking the Good Friday Agreement) stop us doing what we want."Yes, that's our right but look at it this way: I have the right to walk through a safari without a car, but if a lion eats me, that's on me. 
Former NZ Trade Chief: Chequers could block UK joining 'biggest trade deal in history'. “If Brexit results in the Chequers approach, with the regulations dictated from Brussels, it’s difficult to see how the UK could meet these important requirements.”  
Corbyn should promise a second Brexit referendum, make a radical devolution offer to Scotland and revitalise the shadow cabinet, argues @paulmasonnews. 
What, that referendum based on cheating, where #VoteLeave broke Electoral Law? #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
I'm truly sick and tired of the Tory party's continuous whinging.  After the huge amount of damage they've already done to our economy & the economic havoc that will come from Brexit they have zero right to criticise others.  
Remember when we fixed alcoholism with “Please drink in moderation”...& gambling with “When the fun stops, stop!”Can’t we just come up with something for Brexit? 
Did you know that the following neighbourhoods are in Chipata :1. Referendum2. Magazine3. Hollywood 
Labour should be miles ahead. MILES. Now ask yourself why they’re not. My guess? 1. Corbyn 2. They’re not fighting Brexit.  
The depth of apprehension in Wales about Brexit is on display in the latest opinion polling which shows only one in four people expect leaving the EU will be positive for them and their family.#UKEUChallenge #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #BrexitisBonkers #FBPE 
LifeLongLandLady had a number of family members that voted leave (some of them due to the questionable adverts in run up to #EUref). However, now they have changed their minds and are #remainernowPlease let them know about this initiative and #Brexit  
"It is time to relaunch the Brexit campaign to stop politicians from betraying millions of Leave voters." Great piece by @JLongworthLML and @TiceRichard.   
At least once a day I think about Barbara Castle’s response to Jeremy Thorpe when asked if she would resign as minister if the UK voted Yes in the Referendum on the European Community in 1975:  
The UK, where the two main political parties argue over who’s more Islamophobic and who’s more anti-Semitic whilst jointly tanking the economy with a shitey Brexit. Fuck that. Scottish independence all the way!#DissolveTheUnion 
If only Labour had opposed austerity before 2015 instead of pathetically imitating it, they probably would have won in 2015 and the Brexit shambles wouldn't be happening.But at least @jeremycorbyn is opposing this Tory ideological lunacy now. 
There’s no such thing as “a WTO deal”.It’s like “Brexit dividend”... a fantasy label floating above a gaping hole.  
Brexit should be treated as a "health security issue" according to Mike Thompson, the head of the ABPI (the UK pharma body), as he warns that life-saving drugs could become unavailable for British patients. The government must take notice. Please share 
After allegations that MI6 is spying on the EU, the government categorically denies any use of intelligence in Brexit negotiations:  
Do not let #brexit rumours that we are “rigid”, “EU flag-waving loons” or (god forbid) “ultra-theological” deter you. @EU_Commission is an open-minded workplace; trainees work on policy ideas, implementation, law, economics, negotiations, etc. Useful skills for various careers. 
You have shares in a company that encourages people to invest in gold to avoid no deal Brexit, as it "would be damaging for all parties, particularly the UK". We see you, hypocritical charlatan.  
I’ve made a list of organisations who have made dire warnings about Brexit and/or want a #PeoplesVote. I’ve probably missed some. 
Dear BBC here’s the Newspaper Headline that you conveniently left off your daily headlines review today. Still say that you are fair and balanced ? Your bias against the Remainers increases by the day. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Government given 2 wks to respond to Brexit legal challenge. UK in EU Challenge group argue Electoral Commission’s findings on BeLeave & Vote Leave, which led to 2 officials reported to police & fines means 2016 referendum not a lawful, fair or free vote.  
It will be, forevermore, 'Brexit'.  
Very few people were interested in Leaving the EU... We got the EU ref to stop UKIP taking votes from the Tories & for their internal party management... We got Brexit bc criminals were given 6 months of unchallenged airtime to shamelessly lie.  
Miserable. A bitter tale of a Brexit reckoning -  via @FT 
It's vital for the future of our country that Brexit is properly delivered!  
There comes a point where stupidity crosses the line into wickedness. The wilful refusal on the Tory right to confront the realities of #Brexit is the most astonishingly dishonest deed I have seen in my lifetime. 
.@TiceRichard: We won the battle of the EU referendum, but we haven't won the war. Listen to @christopherhope @brexitbroadcast with @TiceRichard and @JLongworthLML here:  
No matter how great your contempt for the European Union, resist the temptation to name your dog Brexit. Unless you want a pet that consumes all your time and energy, costs a fortune in vet's bills, makes enemies of all your neighbours, and then dies after only two years. 
Disability has had an eternity of subjugation, incarceration & exploitation, ALL washed from history or ignored. Society doesn’t talk about disability in the holocaust, Disability in #brexit , how politics effects Disability, disability in history full stop....the stories matter pic.twitter.com/TkVrQte6yw 
Another once-great media title @TIME has fallen for the BS of identity politics & liberalism as the only route. 1. reader rightly complains about use of “mansplainers” 2. Anti #Brexit Project Fear propaganda projected as truth to global audience   
Liam Fox’s Department for International Trade is paying external consultants £14,000 per day for a crash course in handling trade disputes to prepare for #Brexit.That’s £2.6m in total which could have been spent on e.g. the NHS. #PeoplesVote please. 
Just found this image on an old Sun article about Brexit and I have to say, I appreciate its accidental honesty of suggesting "all we want is to be in handcuffs with union jacks painted on them".  
The Government’s chaotic handling of the Brexit negotiations means the chances of the UK crashing out of the EU are now higher than ever. That’s why City Hall is helping London’s businesses plan for a no-deal Brexit - before it’s too late.  
These are the things  is made of. I'm doing a little series of ‘last months before Brexit’. Random scenes from around the place I call home. It’s a little thing I can do to relieve the stress of being #InLimboBrexit. #LastMonthsBeforeBrexit (photo 2) 
Patrick Stewart dumps Labour after 73 years because he's opposed to Jeremy Corbyn stance over brexit  
Extremely stark but factual statement of applicable EU Law in relation to hauliers from third countries (eg. UK after next March). If there's No Deal will be a huge impact on the movement of everyday goods we take for granted now @lsebrexitvote #Brexit  
Smart people are now pointing out the nature of the EU's belligerent and self harming strategy #Brexit  
We pledge our support to the @StandUp4Brexit campaign. It is vital that we deliver the #Brexit the country voted for. Take action as outlined below - let your MP know your views! #StandUp4Brexit 
Britain's woeful visa processing has been blamed on outsourcing, Brexit preoccupations and overzealous scrutiny  
Superb video by @CalumMillbank. He has a touch of the spoken word artist to him. Quality of life in the UK is deteriorating. We need a brighter future than wading further into the Brexit mess. 
BREXIT: Government given two weeks to respond to Brexit legal challenge / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Someone tell the Archbishop of Canterbury, he seems more worried about Brexit, corporation tax & other political stuff.  
You are one of those who are taking away the right of British students freely to move and study and work in Germany. Your “shock” at the consequences is frankly ridiculous though typical - sadly - of the incompetent Brexit Bunch.  
Worries over no deal #Brexit means London Mayor starts serious planning for food & medicine shortages. Pity his party leadership are blind to danger #FBPE 
Theresa May Trump trade pact NHS at risk, Tory MP buys gold as insurance against a hard Brexit, you What? £2M royal wedding, Gollum May blocks police pay rise, Fracking, petrol 4yr high, versus Corbyn’s Labour justice equality inclusion  
‘Italy, France and Germany are all thinking about national service again. Why shouldn't Britain?’“Kids, I know we’ve screwed your futures with Brexit, but we’ll make up for it by sticking you in the army. So, cheer up, you ungrateful shits.” 
1. The no deal #Brexit advocates are in full spin mode. They say we can trade on WTO terms alone. So anybody with a clue asks them about aviation and nuclear sectors etc where they mutter something about bilateral deals. That's an admission that we cannot trade on WTO rules alone 
The Four Courts is in session today hearing the appeal for the last challenge to the Referendum result. The court has already declined the petitioners application to adjourn today's case so the matter is proceeding. We will bring you news as we hear it. 
But Cheta, reporter at large for all things Ndigbo, operating from his cocoon in the APC stronghold of Lagos state, would have us use the 2019 elections as a referendum to remove this same APC govt. And install a PDP govt that doesn't have a candidate, 8 months to the elections.  
2. Oppose not Appease #BrexitAt least support a Democratic #FinalSay, a #PeoplesVote with a #Reject #Revoke #Remain #Reform option & don't Suppress a Conference debate & vote...that is the action of Autocrats... 
.@CarolineLucas – No deal, bad Brexit or blind Brexit would all be “disastrous for this country”  
The UK has been stockpiling food and medicine in the event of a Brexit without any alternative deals in place. It's also a reminder for the whole world how vulnerable the global trade system really is.  
What matters Keir is that the Labour leadership remembers it is meant to be a democratic party, that all versions of this flawed #Brexit are Tory,  Remove Rights & leave the UK & cits worse off & that to validate it there must be a #PeoplesVote, a #FinalSay with a #Remain option. 
Gonna start DJing more BrexitNo Mix is better than a Bad MixSo from now on, if a Mix isn’t perfect, I’m just gonna stop both tracks and leave the clubThey’ll soon realise they need me more than I need themAnd they’ll definitely want to work with me again in the future  
17 brilliant infographics (and other things) that nail all manner of Brexit bollocks 
Brexit is the result of an English delusion, a crisis of identity resulting from a failure to come to terms with the loss of empire and the end of its own exceptionalism, argues Cambridge University professor Nicholas Boyle  
Another bit of misinformation called out by @Keir_Starmer - does Liam Fox really not know the EU is UKs biggest trading partner or is he choosing to ‘forget’? Either way another reason not to trust the Brexit Bunch.  
The Independent this morning they have back the people’s vote/final say on the Brexit deal! @AmateyDoku called for this back at conference. 5 months on A @peoplesvote_uk campaign, major backings coming forward & time for young people to get our voices heard and lead the way! #ffs 
It wasn’t an election....it was a non-binding, advisory referendum... 
.@ChukaUmunna wants a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal - here's how you can join the campaign  
Question - Brexit is 'apparently' about globalising the UK, and Brexiters 'recognise' the need to form agreements with blocs around the world so that the UK can thrive economically and politically, right? So WHY don't they want to have this with the EU? #BrexitFarce#StopBrexit 
It looks like Jeremy Hunt has been got at by Rees-Mogg/Johnson/Gove/Fox/Farage/Patel etc, all of a sudden he's saying we'll prosper with a No Deal #Brexit, we are governed by the worst Parliamentarians in our history, they lie/smear and still ppl believe them, #PeoplesVote rqd. 
Community, who represent British steelworkers, has become the latest trade union to back calls for a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal. EU membership is still best for job prospects, living standards and working conditions. Share the news.  
Battle for BritainNone of us imagined 2 years on we would have to refight The Battle.We never dreamt we would have to attack some desperate Chequers proposal.PM trying to sell thin gruel to #Brexit voters as if it were some sort of delicacy.It's a Con! 
Brexit fan presenters always talk about stopping other countries Freedom of Movement in the UK but never mention us losing our Freedom of Movement in 30 countries.  
“We will only sign up to a deal that respects the referendum result”Can we take from that that you support ditching the deeply unpopular #ChequersPlan?We’re looking forward to receiving your pledge to #StandUp4Brexit  
Join the Brexit resistance with our Summer Campaign. We're taking our message to people across the country that we can demand the final say on Brexit and the chance to remain in the EU:  
The constituency that contains Heathrow Airport voted strongly in favour of Brexit... but now it appears to have changed its mind  
During the referendum, #ProjectFear claimed that if we voted to LEAVE there would IMMEDIATELY be a recession with a rise in unemployment of half a million. But instead... 
On the positive side, numbers taking A Level Talking Slowly and Loudly in English at Bloody Foreigners are well up in preparation for the Brexit you and your UKIP pals campaigned so energetically to bring about.  
A month ago I wrote this article about Brexit as an experiment to test our sanity. Now I am considering writing an article about whether Brexit is driving us all mad. Any ideas?  Please let me know.    
Why are you so concerned about "Europe' (If you mean the EU please say so)? If we Brexit on WTO terms you save the UK taxpayer £39bn and you respect our wishes for a complete departure from the EU.  
For years, people in #Cornwall have lobbied Westminster to upgrade our rail system.The Cornwall Capacity Enabling Scheme is delivering significant improvements this year - thanks to EU support.What chance Westminster will reverse years of neglect post-#Brexit?#PeoplesVote 
I used to think Brexit was a sincere (if misjudged) attempt to resolve Britain's internal problems.Now I think it's a death cult, determined to enact the economic, social and democratic suicide of the nation, simply to validate its own existence. 
No deal Brexit looking so serious and actually possible that London is now preparing for shortages of medicines and food. If the Govt can’t step away from this brink at least let us have a #PeoplesVote on the terms agreed (or not) for leaving with an option to remain. 
I’m stockpiling tinned food in case of a no-deal Brexit, and the whole lot has fallen, trapping me underneath it. Don’t tell me I don’t know a metaphor when I see one. Also, help. 
British steelworkers join campaign for a final say on Brexit  
Tomorrow, the #PeoplesVote campaign makes it way to Edinburgh to show growing momentum for a vote on the final Brexit deal. Proud to have sensational campaigners @VonnSand & @_liammccabe_ representing #FFS. Sign up below! 
The truth is that the Brexit fantasist element, though strategically crucial to Con electoral coalition, is only one small chunk of the electorate. There is a much larger chunk that doesn't much care about Brexit, but *does* care about disruption to everyday life. 
If there really is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, no scenario or consequence, that will make the Govt rethink #Brexit, then surely they are in dereliction of their sworn duty of care to always act in the best interests of their constituents and their country? 
WATCH: the chairman of @BurnleyOfficial, Mike Garlick, on #r4Today this morning on why he's concerned about what this botched Brexit will mean for football clubs. Please RT:  
And even if I'm wrong... Please, think practically... Assuming that Brexit voters are racist, only means that you will inevitably treat people who aren't racist as if they are. And you'll never reach anyone.The only default assumption that has any chance of working is decency. 
hey girl are you brexit because i could give you a weak pound 
Join the People’s Vote campaign tomorrow (Saturday) at a rally in Edinburgh’s Festival Square!Momentum is building… as a new poll reveals Scotland backs a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.  We hope to see you there!  
No deal Brexit plans to be published today as UK warns EU: ‘We will be ready!’ 
Brexit isn't delivering. Gvt said there'd be a special deal for cars, finances & even the NHS divi has turned out to be tax rises. Language like "battle for Britain" plays to a minority & if that's where you're at, it's no longer "will of the ppl." No deal wldn't have won the ref  
The Lib Dems are committed to fighting Brexit - join us at conference this year to be part of the movement to #ExitfromBrexit 
Lockwood Smith, guy who brought China to ⁦@wto⁩ warns UK not waste opportunities of Brexit: the centre of gravity of global economic growth has shifted to the Asia-Pacific region. It embodies a dynamism less evident within European economies today  
Hi @nigelmp,We don't know if you have seen us yet, but we have a feeling that you will agree with our #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan in favour of the #Brexit we were promised.We would love to see you join the growing list of MPs who have pledged support.  
Just for clarity. There is NO such thing as a "No Deal" Brexit. There is only an orderly Brexit on W.T.O. terms. The Remain establishment are pushing the fantastical "No Deal' scenario to scare us into acccepting May's DREADFUL #Chequer...  
LEADING #Brexit campaigners warn the next six months will be "a Battle for Britain”They add: "Cabinet #Brexiteers are trying to sell thin gruel to Brexit voters as if it were some sort of delicacy"I'm up for the fight. Fellow Brexiteers, are you? 
Politicians blaming the EU for the Genoa bridge collapse is like Brexit in miniature.Old, tired infrastructure that national government has not bothered to invest in, but instead of taking responsibility politicians blame Brussels. In the UK, that game will soon be over. 
These polls are a barometer of the growing anger over Brexit  
Neither does Brexit, mate.  
The EU isn't punishing Britain. Britain is doing it to itself. All the negative consequences of Brexit are down to Britain's decision to leave the EU. Because Brexiters sold the lie that we could keep all the advantages of membership even after we had left. Obviously we can't. 
Why aren’t people in UK more worried about a catastrophic Brexit? @stephenkb has an interesting theory: It may come back to Britain’s historical good fortune. Very interesting read 
BREAKING: New poll commissioned by Plaid Cymru shows that the people of Wales overwhelmingly expect Brexit to have a negative effect on our country.  
Britain at war: a ridiculous way to deal with Brexit and build the country's future whatever the relationship with the EU  
And you need to remember that Britain’s long standing foreign policy objective, for over 300 years, has been to ensure we are not isolated in Europe. Harming Europe by a destructive self inflicted Brexit isn’t a great way of achieving that. 
Brexit has already cost the UK more than our contribution to the EU; the Remain dividend is worth £440m a WEEK.Cowincidentally, people have gone awfully quiet about the Brexit dividend.  #ThereIsNoBrexitDividend 
March for the Future: Join @independent and @peoplesvote_uk at a rally to make your voice heard over Brexit #FinalSay @peoplesvote_hq #PeoplesVote 
Sadiq Khan: London planners must prepare for no-deal Brexit  
It is awfully good of those people over at @peoplesvote_uk to remind everyone that the majority of the British public want us to honour the referendum and just get on with Brexit. Cheers guys!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
No deal still better than a bad deal, @theresa_may?If we end up with a disastrous no-deal Brexit, it will be this incompetent government's fault. Only way out? A #PeoplesVote 
The growth of vaping in Britain has been a fantastic example of how free markets work for the benefit of consumers. Unfortunately, petty EU regulations have set the market back. Getting rid of these laws is the low-hanging fruit of Brexit, says @cjsnowdon 
So, we're implementing an advisory referendum result because some football hooligans,some pensioners and some corpses voted 4 it, because a leaflet said so?This isn't the 'will of the people', it's the 'will of the leaflet' 
Let us be clear: in the event of a ‘no deal’ Brexit, we will regret our resulting prosperity for generations.Or something. 
Our letter in the Irish Times today with North/South colleagues calling for urgent action by the EU, UK and Ireland to prioritise protection of rights in the Brexit Withdrawal process. ⁦@CAJNi⁩ ⁦@QUBHRC⁩ ⁦@ChildLawCentre⁩ ⁦@ICCLtweet⁩ 
The impeccable @CoppetainPU on how WW2 metaphors took over the Brexit debate - and turned us all into morons   
"This White paper has not needed age to turn yellow... It is not something I would vote for nor is it what the British people voted for." Please RT if you agree with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg MP. #ChuckChequers #Brexit  
“The real prize from Brexit for the UK, and the way to win from leaving the EU, lies in embracing a smart global trade strategy...Deciding to be a rule taker rather than a rule maker risks wasting this historic moment.”  
I’ve been in Scotland twice this year & coming again next month to discuss campaign for people’s vote, which has strong cross-party support. I greatly respect strong anti-Brexit stance taken by Nicola Sturgeon  
I agree with you @jeremycorbyn, austerity doesn't work, so what are you going to do about it? If Brexit goes ahead we face 50 years of austerity. If you are truly against austerity you must oppose Brexit. Support #PeoplesVote  let's #StopBrexit 
This is just wrong from the outset.The EU is the UK's biggest trading partner, bigger than the US by a factor of four.That's why Brexit will fail. It's based on nonsense and it's being implemented by people who believe their own fantasies. Reality won't reward this.  
We should applaud politicians who admit that problems such as Brexit are difficult, not those who offer glib solutions, Max Hastings writes  
Don’t you ever shut up. Every tweet project fear. Hasn’t anybody told you David. Vote Leave won the vote. Stop trying to derail  Brexit, crying   because you don’t like the result. Why don’t you go back on MASTERMIND, see if you can get some answers right this time.   
'Catastrophe' of #Brexit for the #NHS means we should have a chance to reconsider with a #PeoplesVote on the deal , says the doctors’ organisation BMA 
If Brexit is forced through I will never, ever "get behind it" no matter what kind of Brexit it is. Because Brexit is WRONG!!! Brexit will always be WRONG!! It is and always will be WRONG!!  
I don't like the degrading level of stupidity our country has sunk to. Yes, I am talking about Jeremy Hunt.I mean, fuck, saying that Brexit will hurt Europe more than it hurts us when they keep all the money and the treaties and institutions. Jesus 
No, these are responsible people trying to plan to safeguard patients in case of post #Brexit problems in the NHS (widely predicted). Who should we believe - them or a know nothing like you?  
'Sleeping Elephant' India is now up and running, says PM ModiAs Boris said in his conference speech - with Brexit it's time to let the British lion roar.So come on Global Britain - let's get on with Brexit and join a New India to prosper together!#BigWorldBeyondEU 
Thinking Of Buying New Glasses? Check Out This Site First. 
“Friends of mine have asked me if it’s sensible to get into all of this publicly, but I am 78 now and I think a lot about the kind of world my children and grandchildren will be left with and it worries me"If MPs & members left en masse for pro-EU parties we could defeat Brexit 
EXCLUSIVE: Can Remainer MPs please tell us why Single Market is so essential, when UK is biggest loser in EU28?  #Brexit summary here:  (From EU data yesterday.) 
Here you can see the former Catalan police chief and the interior minister.A year ago they defeated the Barcelona terror attack cell.Now the police chief has been sacked for not supporting the idea of beating referendum voters.The interior minister has been jailed.  
Brexit - like knowing you have agreed to have your hand amputated at the end of March and hoping it'll grow back in about 50 years. 
Why are you so concerned about the effects of Brexit on the EU? Your brief is to act for Britain to secure our exit as instructed by the referendum. EU officials act in their own (EU) interests. You must act only in those of the UK. Stop misdirecting yourself & deceiving us.  
Jeremy Hunt rebuked by Tory Eurosceptics after warning a 'messy' no-deal Brexit would be a mistake that 'we would regret for generations' 
You’ve had decades to bring a coherent plan to Brexit that isn’t yapping slogans or lies. You bring nothing but name-calling and lies. This was your idea. And yet we are the ones to deal with it, while you lambast us for trying to help others. Now THAT is a disgrace. /end 
Government papers due to be published next week will underline the scope of the potential disruption to British life under a “no deal” Brexit — from blood safety to fertilisers to driving licenses 
Sir Patrick Stewart: I have a suspicion Jeremy believes a disastrous Brexit would benefit him . .  & in the chaos . .  after the policy is implemented he sees taking power.  It seems to me to be just plain wrong to play with the country’s future in this way 
HUNT: Brexit Britain will prosper without EU Deal.“We will only sign up to deal that respects referendum result.”We’ll hold you to that @Jeremy_Hunt! 
There is no majority in Parliament for any Brexit or for keeping EU membership. A no deal Brexit is a possibility. 
And yes, this is connected, too, to Brexit. Brexit cultivates a furious movement against 'foreigners', 'globalists', Muslims and 'cosmopolitans'. And it is easily possible that we are walking into severe economic and political crisis in the coming months. 
Just found out my next-door neighbours voted for Brexit. "We were misled," he said. He wants immigration limited - "not the hard-working ones, the Poles and all that - the other ones, the ones off the boats..." This UK couple split their time ENTIRELY between France and Spain. 
At this point, anyone who says no deal has no serious impact is simply lying to you. With this much information in the public domain ignorance is a choice. #Brexit 
More bluster that only Brexit fantasists now believe. No Deal would be a disaster, wrecking our economy and inevitably harming the young, the poor and the vulnerable the most. Sad thing is, @Jeremy_Hunt knows that. Yet he carries on with the charade. 
Gov’s own figures show U.K. would not ‘prosper w/o a deal’ 2.8m lost jobs. Minus £158bn a year. Gov’s own figures. Lying to the people is not democracy.  You have zero evidence for your assertion. Bring on the brexit enquiry. #peoplesvote #StopBrexit 
Hot take: I wonder if relaunching the leave campaign could backfire, by a. Attracting attention to Brexit and so highlighting how badly it's going b. Highlighting that we haven't left yet, and c. Reminding people the decision can be reversed. 
Is it a disgrace a No Deal Brexit means we will, even temporarily, be unable to import vital medicine? Like insulin?  
No deal Brexit plans to be published today as UK warns EU: ‘We will be ready!’  
in a vote of confidence in the single currency, the Bank of England has moved billions of the Treasury’s foreign currency reserves into euros since the Brexit referendum! The government are betting on the stability of the euro to insulate the UK... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Brilliant video from Dominic West who absolutely nails the way Brexit means throwing ourselves on the mercy of demagogues.We need half a million people on London’s streets on 20th October to...  
You know that Brexit is dying when its supporters’ best idea is to bring out another bus.   
Your words *are* a misrepresentation.•prosper? Govt’s analysis says no•bigger mistake for UK•Ref didn’t ‘respect’ electoral law or give a mandate for whatever Brexit RW Tories want.•NO mandate for no deal#PeoplesVote Because Govt is betraying us. 
Now we are down to name-calling, and still no safe or sensible plan. Is it a #disgrace NHS doctors like me are terrified of the impact of a No Deal #Brexit on our patients?  /thread  
Voters will regret a 'messy, ugly, no deal' Brexit for warns HuntVoters regret Hunt ever being in charge of anything especially NHS. Why does May surround herself with such weak uninspiring creatures? To make her look better?  
Sir Patrick Stewart breaks with Labour after 73 years - largely due to Jeremy Corbyn’s position on Brexit. “There is, after all, nothing that is more opposed to basic Labour values than Brexit and I think just about everyone except him can now see that.” 
This is v misguided, even irresponsible, from the UK Foreign Secretary. Not only might a no deal Brexit cause socio-economic damage, it would greatly hurt the UK’s international credibility, as well as putting the UK in an even weaker position if it returned to negotiating table.  
Jeremy Hunt warns Britain would regret no-deal Brexit 'for generations to come'  Remember voters that Mr Hunt is on the side of the undemocratic Federal EU Republic, not ours. 
#IndyRef2 probably the most effective way to end Brexit delusions...Bringing all to senses as EU29 members, enabling Scotland to have the independence to catch Ireland on prosperity by leapfrogging the UK.& So Scottish independence prob save England from Brexit economic carnage 
Mayor of London instructs "the body tasked with planning for terrorism attacks and disasters such as the Grenfell Tower fire to start making preparations for a no-deal Brexit".There you have it: terrorism, disaster, Brexit. Birds of a feather.  
Brexit Politicians now: We want a Brexit that even WE don't want. If the country goes to crap, that's fine, because we hate the EU more than we love the UK. 
March for the Future: The Independent and #PeoplesVote join forces for a rally to demand a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal @Independent @peoplesvote_uk 
Exactly. So Jeremy, please can you tell us why you are backing this absolute sellout called the #ChequersPlan? It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. It is not the #Brexit that we were promised at Lancaster House. #Chequers is NOT Brexit#StandUp4Brexit 
“No-deal Brexit will be 'catastrophe' for NHS and increase risk from deadly pandemics, BMA warns”  
Britain might have trouble retaliating in any trade war after Brexit without the EU  
Theresa May trade pact with Trump, NHS at risk, Tory MP buys gold insurance against hard Brexit, £2M royal wedding, as Gollum May blocks police pay rise, Fracking, petrol 4 year high, Corbyn demands Britain Stops fueling wars in the Middle East, Labour justice equality inclusion  
Steve Baker is an extreme Brexiter, a prominent memeber of Jacob Rees-Mogg's European Reasearch Group & former Brexit Minister. He wants a no-deal. BUT - he is advising people to invest in gold to avoid the Brexit downturn...fully acknowledging the on-coming clusterfuck! #r4today pic.twitter.com/NZfgF5sAYd 
It has been a massive eye opener for me that’s for sure. Shocking & deeply saddening.  A couple of people I have known for 50+ years have been revealed as xenophobic (to be kind) - no inkling until that wretched referendum. 
No, the reason it didn't work is that it never made any sense in the first place. Assemble the greatest political minds in history to attempt Brexit, and their first act would be to cancel it. 
Great exclusive from ⁦@owenjbennett⁩ - Boris Johnson is considering another bus tour to campaign for Brexit. Yes, really.   
The Brexit promised was never possible, people are beginning to see this.The fudged Brexit being offered by TM is rubbish. We have the solution ready made REMAIN & STOP BREXIT, this is the best possible deal for the many. Wake up politicians & put country first,that’s you to JC  
I’m on a European road trip. 8 countries so far, about to enter the 9th. One conclusion from talking to people: they think we’re crazy over Brexit. Another conclusion: they’re right. 
Now I'm scared...I think we should all apologize to Fulop for the historical win for Referendum fight and immediately donate money to move the Katyń Monument to the sewer site. I am almost confident that our Consulate will transfer money for this purpose first. Lead by example!  
Your missing the point I think. None voters are engaging in politics. I’m 48 voted in the referendum. Then through the fog of right wing MSM, couldn’t understand the constant attack on @jeremycorbyn so I looked deeper. something was  being offered for the many, for the first. 
BREXIT has not started. The pound is 9 cents from Euro parity. Inflation is up to 2.5% We pay the highest petrol prices in 4 years and are still hit with that LibDem/Tory “temporary 20%” VAT. Oh and the UK lost that AAA credit rating back in 2016. Better Together. Hilarious.  
Turkey never gets tired of accusing US of wanting to dismember it & other countries as it flirts with Russia  Never mind that US fiercely opposed Kurdish independence referendum in Iraq. Never mind that Russia split up Moldova, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Georgia in last 25 years. 
It was Australia in Eurovision that caused Brexit. There are limits you know. 
Brexit is the political enema we've all been waiting for#Brexit  
Boris Johnson put the burqa dead cat on the table to distract from the gathering Brexit clusterfeck, didn’t he? 
Brexit would gut UK manufacturing. Even the single pro Brexit economist says so. 
You hack Paterson. The government's own figures say that we'd be worse off. BREXIT steals £127bn in wages and pension payments.BREXIT steals £81bn in the tax we use to fund public services.Brexit is for mugs.  
You wanna see something really interesting? Run this search, scroll through the thousands of posts using the word “infighting”. There are #Qanon infighting and other infighting on the alt-right. Brexit infighting, resistance infighting, and the use of the term has multiplied...  
Theresa May addresses #Brexit deal and attempts to make her position clear on #Scotref 
Here we see the typical remainer self-delusion that prior to June 2016 the world revolved around us and the world waited with bated breath for instruction from the UK. Most of Europe and the world is not remotely interested in Brexit and doesn't see the UK any differently.  
 @Nigel_Farage is the man partly responsible for this mess the U.K. are in. We need #commonsense to prevail and a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal. 
公民投票法沿革.doc5ee5a9d8de331e8cd15566de45ea3643The evolution of the referendum law in the referendum lawc2: v2.buydiamond\.hk  maybe compd  
Citizens United+Koch Brothers+Mercers+Putin+Bannon+Brexit+backlash to Obama +Hate of Hillary+Bernie+Jill+GOP no morals or respect for science =  INTELLECUTALLY CHALLENGED ADMINISTRATION OF DONALD TRUMP 
2. A New Leak Reveals The Government's ''No Deal'' Brexit Papers Will Cover 84 Areas Of British Life  
Britain’s friends have a duty to intervene on Brexit /via @globeandmail 
Given how many people voted leave to support the NHS this is huge.The British public now believes Brexit will damage the NHS  via @BIUK_Politics 
Apparently Dominic Raab will next week reveal the first of 80 contingency plans for a ‘no-deal’ Brexit. Good, but I doubt his or the government’s heart will be in the exercise. No deal will most likely be described as a calamity to be avoided at all costs. 
Record hits on the blog today. Busiest month since the referendum. Thank you for the retweets. 
Conservatives believe in two things:2) Blaming the left for becoming Nazis & voting for Brexit & Trump.1) Personal responsibility. 
so apparently the people of MK South changing their minds about Brexit is fake news  the Brexiter schneeflocken are absolutely shitting themselves lmao pic.twitter.com/3pLFdv34AK 
I love these headlines that talk about 'secret' plots to thwart Brexit. It's no secret that people want to stop what is clearly a fucking travesty. 
One of the most shocking things about #Brexit is the discovery of just how much carnage unionists will tolerate as long as Scotland is denied its Independence. Truly, they see Scotland as the village they must destroy in order to save it. 
Bugged meeting claims escalate Brexit paranoia.../A>  
Sorry What the FUCK is being relaunched? You’re supposed to be in the final stages of the detail in the negotiations. Why doesn’t the Govt just come clean and tell the truth. #brexit can’t be done without HUGE damage.   
Remoaners keep calling for a second referendum on a deal that doesn't exist, and the price the EU will extract from us for choosing to remain. 
Brexit has really shone a very bright light on the astonishing poor quality intellect and character of MPs.IDS has just gone on show again exposing, yet again, the massive massive gaps in his understanding of the WTO.You too.Dim.Here IS an expert. 
There is a distinct lack of comments on this article, funny how the leavers and unionists go quiet when they can't complainTime for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DessolveTheUnion 
"The false promises of a post-Brexit ‘land of milk and honey’ are increasingly falling apart." 
The Conservative are going nowhere with Theresa May as leader. Just about won the last election, the next one will be a clear out of Conservative MPs unless someone completes Brexit cleanly for us. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BorisJohnson @Nigel_Farage 
I also condemn the reported arrest of #WestPapuan student leaders #FeriKombo and #AgusHelembo, arrested yesterday for peacefully commemorating the #NewYorkAgreement and demanding that #Indonesia fulfill its Broken Promise of a #Referendum & #LetWestPapuaVote. #WestPapua 
#HardRemain are blowing millions campaigning. It’s time for the patriotic leave campaigns to restart and fight against this 5th column.#Brexit #FBPE 
The majority of Tory MPs will be realising that #Brexit is one almighty fuck-up, and they might well decide that a #PeoplesVote is a convenient escape route. If they do that, Labour will be exposed as an ineffectual fence-sitting party. 
And of course these particular Corbynistas are wrong about the facts. Labour has shown that when it is willing and it is joined by Tory defectors it can force the government into desperately close Commons votes on #Brexit. 
It's not that Corbyn can't oppose #Brexit - it's that he doesn't want to. And Labour have lost my vote as a result.#PeoplesVote 
Brexit has laid bare the astonishing incompetence and laziness of MPs.It would not have needed so much work from either of you to find out the rather massive sink holes in what he saysKeeping this for the Inquiry.This is a real WTO expert speaking 
It's not as if we even debate with Leavers anymore. Because all they have left is lies. How can the UK take this decision based on lies? It's insane !!! How can the media and the opposition not fight it tooth and nail?THERE IS NOT ONE TANGIBLE BENEFIT OF BREXIT. NOT ONE !!! 
There is, after all, nothing that is more opposed to basic Labour values than Brexit and I think just about everyone except Jeremy can now see that.” Patrick Stewart.   
I have some great passive aggressive throwaway remarks. My favourite- it's such a shame that brexit will mean the Queen loses Scotland on her watch. It will probably kill her 
Hunt: We would regret no-deal Brexit for generations. Hunt might but 17.4 Million would Welcome it,  rather than so called Phoney Chequers Deal, which is Not Brexit!  
Seems to us the 'betrayal of the people' was when the Leave campaign lied to them and then broke electoral law by massively overspending in order to buy the EU referendum result and were allowed to get away with it.But that's none of our business. Moo. 
An extraordinary statement from a leading Brexit politician determined to take us out of European unity. Rather like an alcoholic trying to persuade others to attend an AA meeting and then bemoaning the fact no one there was attempting to enjoy a beer. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
For those who voted Conservative last year:Would you have voted differently if you’d known Theresa May would attempt a fake Brexit? 
Call me cynical but Deborah's only priorty is the hospitality trade that relies heavily on a cheap imported labour force, whereas #Brexit will provide lower house prices & higher wages.Deborah could start investing in apprenticeships to add some authenticity to her hospitality.  
I am sick & tired of Corbyn supporters whining that Labour can't oppose the government on #Brexit. If Labour can't oppose a bitterly divided minority government pursuing an utterly bankrupt policy then Labour should dissolve itself and let others do the opposing.#FBPE 
Video of a couple of at least 10 Wilson's Storm-petrels off Scilly this eve. Difficult to keep an accurate count. Also, 3 Cory's, 1 Great, 1 Balearic, 300+ Manx Shearwaters; 40+Brexit Storm-petrels, Bonxie, and Blue Shark  
Jeremy Hunt has told the Danes that Brexit has proved ‘challenging, divisive and difficult’ and that the UK doesn’t want any other member state following its example. Absolute creep! Of course we do! Why should anyone put up with rule by bureaucracy? 
Remember when the Brexiters insisted the Government had a Brexit plan but weren’t sharing it because it would weaken our negotiating position?Remainers have called this shambles right from Day 1, keep fighting this farce. 
Remainers are in control of Brexit. Hunt tells EU, ‘no deal’ will be regretted for generations’. The EU reacts by thinking ‘ok let’s not give them one & they won’t leave’. There never was going to be a ‘good deal’.  We leave under our terms or we won’t.  
Leave Means Leave relaunches: It's time to stop this betrayal of the people and relaunch the Brexit campaign.  
In my view, with Art 50 notification at its 18 month point, we are way beyond the point of thinking that a Brexit that would satisfy almost anyone is possible. At the very least, I feel it is important to call out in particular the positions of "it will all be fine" we hear. /11 
Imagine life without brexit, we never would have seen this awful side of ppl. 
A no-deal Brexit would save us £40 billion immediately, then £10 billion annually, bring in £113 billion annually through tariffs and allow us to make trade deals and get rid of red tape. Yes, Jeremy Hunt, it would affect us for generations. In fact, I can hardly wait. 
“Boris Johnson Mulling Another Bus Tour To Campaign For Brexit”Will this be the slogan? 
Why. Does. Labour. Not. Oppose. Brexit. With. All. Its. Might?WHY???  
Jeremy Hunt has said that a no-deal Brexit would be something we would regret for generations as he suggested the government would be ready to make new concessions. He still seems to believe that any deal will be based on the Chequers Plan. Pathetic. Utterly pathetic. 
IDS says Carney 'got it WRONG' as he attacks 'panicking' financial markets over Brexit  
Projections by the Department for Exiting the European Union and the Office of National Statistics suggest that a “hard” Brexit would lower British GDP growth by 8 per cent (£158-billion, about $265-billion) and cost 2.8 million jobs....on the up side we will get Blue Passports 
45 YEARS OF #PEACE is THE most important reason to fight #Brexit And it is FIRST on our list of #24ReasonstoRemain Our continent and its citizens is stronger and safer thanks to the #EU#WeAreEurope #StopBrexit 
NEW: Brexit Ministers to unveil 80 No Deal papers from next Thursday - on everything from fishing to cigarette packs with one message to EU: “We’re going to be ready.”  
Of course we will emerge from Brexit,just poorer,less influential, more isolated, weaker but yes we will survive. I don’t think you just promised survival though I think you promised sunny uplands not ashen plains.  
"The next six months will be nothing less than a battle for Britain." Great to hear that @LeaveMnsLeaveare relaunching the #Brexit campaign up and down our country. We will deliver what people voted for. 
Says the guy who claimed that Jaguar Land Rover would be in a ‘wonderful’ position post hard Brexit, despite Professor Ralf Speth, JLR chief executive, warning it would cost the company £1.2bn a year and force it move abroad.  You don’t wanna trust this guy’s judgment.  
Govt technical notes on the effects of a No Deal #Brexit will be released from next week.Here are the areas covered, reported by @alexGspence& @AlbertoNardelli (How long does it takes to scroll the list?):Air servicesAnimal breedingAviation safetyAviation security... 
If Jeremy Hunt doesn't believe no deal is better than a bad deal, then he is unfit to be Foreign Secretary. We need Cabinet ministers who respect the will of the British people and Believe in Britain - not Project Fear pessimists! #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
'Catastrophe' of Brexit no deal for NHS needs second vote, BMA says  
GARY LINEKER SILENCED WITH ONE TWEET AS PIERS MORGAN ASKS SIMPLE BREXIT QUESTION 
Good News - Brussels says Brexit will NOT be discussed at EU summit!There is Nothing to Discuss!We are Leaving 29th March 2019...EU are the weakest link - Goodbye!#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Big factor in my #Brexit vote was to reclaim the rule of  law from the ECHR who always seems to be on the side of the criminal.I hope tomorrows #FGM trial delivers an equally historic verdict as the #culturalchildsexabuse cases & recent #forcedmarriage trial#ZeroTolerance 
March for the Future: Steelworkers back our campaign for a #FinalSay as The Independent and #PeoplesVote join forces for a rally to demand vote on the Brexit deal @peoplesvote_hq @peoplesvote_uk 
More than 600,000 people have signed our petition for a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. You can join the campaign here  
More details to follow but a HUGE change that May has “given up control” over due to brexit  is that the EU are likely to propose scrapping Daylight Saving from 1 January 2020. The European Council and Parliament will vote in this in June/July 2019.“ taking control of our clocks” 
This is simply untrue: non-EU countries such as Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Turkey all participate in Erasmus. Switzerland is participating as a Partner Country under Erasmus+. But don't let the facts get in the way of your anti-Brexit mania  
“The Remainer elites say they’d love nothing more than to have a proper People’s Vote on Brexit. Who are they kidding. We already had a people’s vote, in June 2016, and these people have spent two years trying to overthrow it.”Brendan O’Neill on Brexit  
“But, just to let you know, I’ve screwed your futures and taken away your opportunities to live, study and work in 27 EU countries by supporting a Brexit I don’t believe in, because I am more interested in my future and my career prospects than yours.”  
British farmers in Kent are worried about Brexit.If there is no Labour coming in then there will be no food.They would like a #PeoplesVoteThe person to blame for this mess is @neil_parish MPHe is an ex farmer and voted for Article 50, with no plan. 
Paxman bottled it at the polling booth & voted Remain. Now he's mad at us for highlighting a sensible comment (he admits it's accurate!) saying we'll emerge fine from Brexit. We're happy to confirm you've got nothing to do with our campaign, Paxo - unlike you, we're not bottlers!  
Imagine how much less fun the world would be had Remain won the Referendum, and @HillaryClinton the US election. What a blessed era we’re experiencing. It’s been a riot.  
The EU is experiencing all kinds of problems & Brexit will save the UK from facing them. EU growth has slowed, unemployment is still huge, debt is unsustainable, the migration crisis is tearing the EU apart & eurosceptics are being elected. We must leave fully in Mar 19..  
Also in the story, and to keep in mind when the government publishes these reports, and many will label them as “project fear”: The Brexit no-deal reports are the product of a cross-Whitehall initiative initiated by David Davis with much fanfare from lead hard Brexiteers 
May’s Chequers Deal deal is a big stitch up designed to overrule the democratic Brexit vote & impose EU membership in all but name on the UK. We would pay a £39bn brexit bill, be stuck in a transition deal, obey EU courts/law & be effectively in the single market & customs union.  
I want a good deal Brexit but if that’s not available, I’m intensely relaxed about no deal. And it’s certainly better than what May has put on the table. 
Excellent stuff here from @EJDionne about the Kansas gubernatorial race as a referendum on both Trumpism *and* the hard-right ideological priorities of GOP governors nationwide: 
In the event of no withdrawal agreement should #Brexit be stopped? If you vote yes please also sign my petition.    
A Remainer doesn’t want a No Deal Brexit? What a shock!  
A New Leak Reveals 84 Areas Of British Life The UK Government Thinks Will Be Affected If It Doesn't Get A Brexit Deal  
March for the Future: The Independent and #PeoplesVote join forces for a rally to demand a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal @peoplesvote_hq @peoplesvote_uk 
I spent the morning in Belfast listening to how the divisions in Northern Ireland, which you have to be here to fully appreciate, are actually set to get *worse* with brexit.I spent the afternoon with a farmer on the border who said he'd have to quit farming if Brexit happened. 
A thoughtful man.“...it would be the easiest thing in the world to attack the government on Brexit and to oppose it at every turn and to tear apart their arguments...There is, after all, nothing that is more opposed to basic Labour values than Brexit”  
I haven't yet been to a part of the country that wouldn't be totally screwed by Brexit.North-East... masses of EU funding and job in factories which export to the EU.Wales... EU farming subsidies.Same for Northern Ireland, plus the border issues.Scotland voted 60% Remain.  
"#Brexit is good for British businesses"RT after you Vote. 
And in a warning to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and the ERG to brace themselves for more Brexit compromises, @Jeremy_Hunt described Chequers as “a framework on which I believe the ultimate deal will be based” -  
So Clive Bull's hour on #LBC discussing the Brexit 'No Deal' or Deal.He's meant to be on with someone backing Remain and backing Leave. Yet both of them are painting a disaster scenario when even the most sceptical Brexiteers are more positive.Talk about framing the debate?! 
Here is a #remainernow story (albeit anecdotal) that is fairly familiar, people who backed brexit strongly realising what they have unleashed and now have decided it's not worth it. Sensible politicians are realising if they continue to back, history will not judge them well.  
All part of the plan to try to terrify people into supporting *any* #Brexit "deal" so that we leave and they get their tax-dodger haven outside the EU. Don't fall for it! Fight to remain and #StopCorruptBrexit 
Bournemouth backed Brexit. Now the uncertainty of life outside the EU is beginning to create problems  
More than 600,000 people have signed our petition for a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. You can join the campaign here  
A no-deal Brexit “would be a mistake that we would regret for generations if we were to see a fissure, if we were to have a messy, ugly divorce”, @Jeremy_Hunt tells me in exclusive interview  
.@andywigmore is still adamant that Remain are guilty to and that makes Brexit democratic. You can read my response on this thread. I hope people that keep justifying law breaking 'because the other side did it too' will realise why that isn't an argument in their favour.  
“Britain finds itself at the brink thanks to a breathtaking combination of incompetence, ignorance & subterfugeThe ignorance lies chiefly at the feet of the proponents & supporters of Brexit who had no idea in June 2016, what Brexit would actually entail  
Hard Brexiteers don't understand the consequences of a WTO deal Brexit  
Brexit is the only way to repair our zombie politics.#Brexit  
Has Hunt told Johnson and Rees-Mogg? Seeing as they are trying to bring about a messy hard #Brexit it would be interesting to know whether Hunt thinks the two of them are betraying the national interest 
Here @doctor_oxford , an exceptional doctor whose compassion, humanity, and integrity are second to none, offers Nigel Farage a clear, if tragic explanation of what Brexit will do to the NHS. Did people really vote for this? What has this country become?  
#BBCswitchoff BBC has assumed from day 1 that Brexit will proceed irrespective of what form it takes. They have not presented the counter view or any in depth analysis of the Brexit impact. They have not fulfilled their Charter. #PeoplesVote 
March for the Future: Join @independent and @peoplesvote_uk at a rally to make your voice heard over Brexit #FinalSay @peoplesvote_hq #PeoplesVote 
A credit rating agency has warned that Britain faces a 'material and growing possibility' of a disruptive and disorderly Brexit  
I completely agree with you Patrick!"I think I will vote Green next time around as they have got it right about Brexit and other issues that should concern us all, such as climate change."  
Stay on message and don't allow anyone muddy the waters with misplace talk.Next year's election is a referendum on Buhari's performance.By every metric on which he campaigned for the office, General Muhammadu Buhari has been a failure.He is not fit to continue in office. 
Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt hints to @Peston that Britain could adopt even more EU rules after Brexit - and claims a no-deal would cause "regret for generations"  
As Brexit talks resume, with chances of a 'no deal' being put at 50:50 by one foreign minister, @clivebull asks, what do you think is most likely to happen by March next year? 
Regardless of the poll, every one of us must vote. The midterms are a referendum on American Democracy. Shall we continue the experiment or turn ourselves over to tyrants. It's that simple.  
People at the @DenbFlintShow are clearly not happy with the way Brexit is going #PeoplesVote @Wrexhamforeu @WalesForEurope @chesterforeu @Labour4EU @VOCLabour @LibDems @WelshConserv 
UK doctors are making some noise about the potential consequences of a no-deal Brexit. And it seems like they have plausible reason for concern:  
1 - Scottish Independence!The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. 2 - English Brexit!The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you can’t change it.Let’s leave them to Brexit we’ll take independence. 
On the August 28 primary ballot is a referendum to secure funding to hire more school safety and security staff, improve teacher pay, and hire counselors and social workers.  Let’s Secure the Next Generation.  
Jeremy Hunt on ITV News just admitted that a messy Hard #Brexit would be a mistake that the UK would regret for generationsA MISTAKE THAT THE UK WOULD REGRET FOR GENERATIONS 
The possibility that we may need to request an extension was raised in briefing paper 07591.If we don't have a solution and we don't ask for that extension it is nothing to do with the vote or the referendum and entirely down to the politics of the party in charge.  
i in the i: Britain is a lucky country, which is why our Brexit discourse is so bad:  
BREAKING: Community has backed a people’s vote on the final Brexit deal - read why here  
64% of cownsumers are expecting prices to rise due to Brexit, and over half expect the remoooval of more shops from the high street. But we're plowing ahead with Brexit anyway; unbelievabull.  
A No-deal Brexit will be a ‘catastrophe' for the NHS and increase the risk from deadly pandemics BMA warns. Doctors have a duty to set out the harm of crashing out of the EU and this is not scaremongering union says  
What you call “Project fear” I call the truth. Brexit will damage the nhs for generations. I’m a GP and Treasurer of the BMA and I think I know a more more than you about the impact of Brexit of the nhs and healthcare. I think project fear is actually your fear of the truth.  
Just the fact that they won't have a right to live and work there. Brexit is indeed disastrous, and people who evidently don't understand the first thing about it are not best qualified to distinguish between facts and hyperbole. 
No. She. Has. Not. Guess. What? People. Who. Don't. Live. In. The. EU. Also. Move. To. Germany! I am pro remain and proud European but this is getting silly. I remember when all my Brit friends would blame the EU for everything, now they blame #Brexit! lol #PeoplesVote 
The LADYBIRD BOOK of TABLOID LIES.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit can be stopped, says @Andrew_Adonis - and Matteo Salvini provides yet another reason why it should be 
British steelworkers throw their weight behind The @Independent’s campaign for a #FinalSay referendum on Brexit #PeoplesVote 
READ: the trade union @communityunion - representing some 30k workers – calls on Theresa May to “do the right thing” & allow the British public a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal  
'Not allowing a vote on the Brexit deal would conflict with basic trade union principles – and that's why the steelworkers union backs a Final Say'  
Hey there @DKShrewsbury We wondered if you would #StandUp4Brexit and join our grassroots campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan, because as you know, #Chequers is not #Brexit.A lot of MPs already support us. It would be wonderful to get a pledge of support from you.   
Incredibly proud that today @CommunityUnion has come out in support of a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.  
READ: We are joining forces with @Independent for our march on 20 October to demand a #PeoplesVote and #finalsay on the #brexit deal:  
Why would they? Brexit destroys their motivation for learning any of the wonderful languages across the continent. Not to mention the not-so-subtle whiff of Germanophobia that wafted on the tide of faux Blitz Spirit. I love German, but I'm losing hope that I'll get to use it.  
Guess what, I voted Remain too  I refuse to continually whine about Labour when it’s the GOVT who have refused a second referendum, and Labour is the only way to mitigate disaster. 
Project Fear planning meeting: "We told them they'd starve to death and get super herpes and we're still leaving the EU. What next?""Tell them their football team will be absolutely RUBBISH!""Like Burnley?""Worse!"#Brexit #ProjectFear #StandUp4Brexit 
Who remembers when all the talk was about #PanamaPapers where all the rich & elite were part of am elaborate scheme to swindle taxes & hoard their ill-gotten gains in offshore accounts,Yet no one was charged, 100s of companies are relocating to the EU before #Brexit#AreYouYesYet 
I wrote a reflective piece on what i learnt from the Referendum, and how it's still affecting me now. I'm new to this but I felt like I had to get these thoughts out, so here you are. Let me know what you think!  
BFE: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is musician, chef and businessman, @levirootsmusic who brought us that unique 'Reggae Reggae' sauce after appearing on BBC's 'Dragon's Den'. Will you join him and SIGN THE PETITION here:   pic.twitter.com/qBalBOqxfI 
Hi ConorWe seem to have missed that 2nd referendum too... in the meantime let’s get on with delivering the result of the first one. Will you join your colleagues - such as @patel4witham @SteveBakerHW & @andreajenkyns - in pledging to #StandUp4Brexit 
So I clarified in a tweet (or thought I had clarified) that I had merely posed for an innocent selfie. But for avoidance of doubt, I did not know who they were. (This was pre Brexit, pre--Trump). 4/5 
Arron Banks' is launching a campaign of mass entryism into the Tory party in support of Johnson, who now seems to be supplanting Rees-Mogg as the candidate of the fascist right. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit 
If he stopped the Brexit mistake, Corbyn could build 900,000 new low cost homes.  Every year.  
⁦@MayorofLondon⁩ ⁦@CarolinePidgeon⁩ ⁦@CarolineRussell⁩ - The kids are off school and Holborn is gridlocked It’s not Brexit that’s going to kill London Business.... it’s the traffic full stop #112kPH#CSH#Stupid traffic schemes#GRIDLOCKLONDON 
And incidentally, @Nigel_Farage, if you want to debate the facts pertaining to Brexit and the NHS, please invite me onto your show to do so, rather than making ad hominem attacks on my profession. @LBC 
Ratings agency Fitch sees "a growing risk of a bitter and economically damaging Brexit that could lead to a further downgrade of UK’s sovereign credit rating."  
Has Brexit written all over his face  
I am often slated for attacking #Corbyn. While I totally support most of his 'intentions', his betrayal of his country & working folk in particular by his support for Brexit is as absurd as it is inexcusable. I also think he's just not up to the job of being prime minister. 
Farage brands doctors and nurses a "disgrace". If we stop his Brexit mistake we can afford 81 brand new world class hospitals. Every year. Brexit is a disgrace.  
Disgraceful is the staggering - and sustained - 96% reduction in applications to the NHS from EU nurses since the referendum. 7/n 
Theresa May told to come clean about her post-Brexit immigration plans 
did you not notice the result of the referendum My Lord? The biggest democratic mandate in British history. How many of you peers were elected?  
Disgraceful is dying patients trapped in their homes, in desperate need of an NHS hospice bed, who I cannot treat - because the beds are closed - because EU nurses have been driven away by post-Brexit hate. 4/n 
Better late than ever —> Brussels rejects Italy's claim bridge collapse linked to EU spending rules ⁦@JenniferMerode⁩ BUT this clash forecasts #EP2019 in Italy : a referendum on Europe that might coincide with domestic elections     
Disgraceful is the racism, abuse & hate unleashed by your foul & toxic referendum campaign - and, in particular, the racism towards EU staff we have witnessed, post referendum, in my own NHS hospital. 3/n 
Hi @ABridgen, We know that you are pro #Brexit so we cannot figure why you have not replied to my tweet earlier in the week.Will you join the other MPs and join our #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan?I & the other activists would love it if you did  
Identity underlies many of the changes underway in global politics today, from populist nationalism to Islamism to the Trump and Brexit votes.  My book Identity will be out early Sept. meanwhile you can read an except here:  
‘Trust ME to deliver Brexit’ - Boris Johnson to push pro-Brexit agenda at Tory conference  
While the media are trying to pin the charge of antisemitism on Corbyn, the Times of Israel shows that Steve Bannon is an antisemite. And he's been talking with Rees-Mogg, Johnson and Gove - Tory friends of antisemitism.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
I’ve never been so proud of @TheBMA or to be a member of @BMA_JuniorDocs We oppose Brexit because of its implications for healthcare, for our patients & our wonderfully diverse health service. Here’s some more detail on why in case you want the facts  
Want to get out of this  Brexit mess? @thomasbrake asks you to join our summer campaign to #ExitfromBrexit - find out how you can get involved here:  
This Trump supporting account has 177k followers - if you do an advanced search you will find that it loves Putin. Trump and Brexit - working hand in hand with Vladimir Putin.  #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
The regulatory impacts of No-Deal Brexit aren't abstract, they're spelled out in the EU's Preparatory Notices.The onus should be on anyone claiming WTO law invalidates them to point to specific notices and explain which specific provisions of which agreement they violate. 
The European Parliament’s Brexit steering group said that such an approach would be “complicated, arbitrary and could create unnecessary confusion and uncertainty for millions”  
I'd like to see Ruth Davidson dancing on hot coals for once.. Ask her about #DARKMONEY! Investigate #DARKMONEY! Tell voters about #DARKMONEY! Ruth, Mundell, #DarkMoney & the DUP... how they bought elections. #Scotland voted remain, WM Scot Tories vote for hard #Brexit. 
1/Can never understand why Brexiteers who know that people they talk to are also Brexiteers don’t follow each otherOnce Brexit has been put to bed you could unfollow if your Views on other things don’t marry upI work on if someone retweets my tweets I will give them a follow. 
That's kind of you but as I am not working today, I think I might use my time to talk about how worried I am about the risks to healthcare delivery of a No Deal Brexit.... 
Setting the breathtaking hypocrisy & fuckwittery of this tweet aside... A reminder that Stuart was, along with Gove, Johnson, Elliott & Cummings, privy to & responsible for, the deepest, darkest recesses of a mendacious, xenophobic and ultimately illegal #VoteLeave scam campaign. 
Brexit breaks the generational promise. It means that for the first time, children will have fewer chances in life than their parents had. Bleaker job prospects. Restricted freedoms. MUST READ: Why Brexit will be a disaster for the UK's young people. 
Re. my tweet below - question I’m asking makes clear that MPs’ abrogation of responsibility to prepare even halfway adequately - pre-referendum - for Brexit, makes a Public Inquiry into the whole sorry affair essential. Such a thing as the Brexit debacle must never happen again  
Swapping Erdinger for Old Scrote - #Wetherspoons plans to axe all EU brands as the true cost of #Brexit hits their bottom line due to the pound tanking. Good to see the old gammon paying the price for his own crass stupidity. 
Brexiteers guide to making money from Brexit.1. Invest in Ireland, gold, France, the Euro2. Trash the British economy and bet against £ 
Theresa May has been told to come clean about her post-Brexit immigration plans  
Do the Tories and Mrs May not realise that pushing through the BRINO Chequers Plan, against our will, can finish their party forever by mass defection, and let Corbyn in?The only thing that will save the Tories now is a clean break Brexit.Last chance Mrs M, or you are out. 
Bring on @BorisJohnson for Leader of the #Conservative Party and Prime MinisterPlease retweet if you agree#MayMustGo #Brexit #borisjohnson #boris 
Lorry drivers say that Transport Secretary Chris Grayling doesn’t know that their driving licenses and professional qualifications would not be recognised in a no deal Brexit situation.If so, why would we continue to recognise EU licenses? Surely mutual recognition is the answer. 
If #Brexit is so good for the UK, why has the pound tanked against every  major world currency? Why is it that just a bunch of right wing fanatic MPs support it, whereas the vast majority do not? Why is it every other developed nation in a trading bloc? Is everyone else wrong? 
"What we are seeking from these negotiations is a deep and special partnership"Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt discusses #Brexit during a three-day visit to Finland, Latvia, Denmark and the Netherlands  
Haven’t met one person who was for the @DavisCup changes. A bit like brexit. #moneymoneymoney 
People across the country are demanding that THEY have the final say on the Brexit deal, with the chance to remain in the EU.Join them today:  
Why did the European Commission not publish killer assessments of May's 'single market for goods' #Brexit pitch? How did the Brits get hold of them so quickly? Some thoughts. 1/THREAD 
Watch @Amb_Yakovenko interview to @Underground_RT on Syria, Turkish crisis, NATO, BRICS, Brexit, Skripal case, World Cup.  
'The big bang made London *one of the most unequal cities in Europe and caused the biggest financial crisis in a century*. Brexit could undo it'  
After voting for @Conservatives all my adult life 34 years. I have finally joined the #ConservativeParty I voted #Brexit and I want it to be a complete #Brexit @lizbilney I stand along side you and the real #Brexiteers of the party 
One thing to add is that @DanieljHannan insisted before referendum "No one is talking about threatening our place in the Single Market." So, a false prospectus is another reason to go back to the people of the UK.  
To the #PeoplesVote supporters:      Thank you very much for supporting the Brexit referendum. I'd like to kindly remind you that whilst your help is very much appreciated, you're campaigning two years late. People's Vote has already passed and took place on 23/06/16.Regards 
The BMA's calls for an unwanted and divisive 2nd referendum make no sense at all - it would be putting millions of extra NHS funding at risk.  
“I think I will vote Green next time around as they have got it right about Brexit and other issues that should concern us all, such as climate change”. @SirPatStew Make it so! 
 One after another, those who made promises on Brexit are jumping ship – leaving in their wake a chaotic Brexit process that will cost jobs in Scotland.  
And yet "The total UK trade deficit widened £4.7 billion to £8.6 billion in the three months to June 2018, due mainly to falling goods exports and rising goods imports." .....  son the rest of the world don't actually love a Brexit UK so much then?  Quelle surprise!  
Spain has just elected a socialist govt. They’ve opened the floodgates to African migrants just as a right wing govt in Italy has closed it. Passports or visas will confer travel rights. Corbyn would agree. DangerThis is why I voted Brexit & never Labour.  
Been a lifelong Labour supporter although my vote counts for nothing where I live. Joined @UKLabour today.  I am sickened by MSM threats to democracy with bias n lies Our country is in crisis #UC, #PublicServices #Housing #Brexit MSM focus on a wreath #AbolishBBCLicenceFee 
Now there's another great reason for Brexit. Quick, Tricksy May! Sign the Outpaper.  
Friends don’t let friends drive drunk — Canada and New Zealand have a duty based on friendship and historical ties to intervene on Brexit, to make every possible effort, both publicly and privately, to keep Britain from driving over the cliff. 
All of these recent Project Fear memos on ‘how awful’ a so-called ‘No Deal’/WTO Brexit (how most of the world trades with each other, by the way) would be are coming out in a flurry now aren’t they?Odd... almost like there’s a certain government machine briefing against it... 
Want to help shape the Brexit negotiations? Make sure you are on the team in time to vote!We need a new leader!  
Why surprised?You've campaigned for Brexit, to tear people away from Europe, isolate them in the UK. Many will be trapped here in perpetual misery. So no wonder so fewer have bothered to study German.I expect new exams in hunting rabbits/growing turnips will make a resurgence 
EP Brexit Steering Group is deeply concerned by reports EU citizens in UK may be registered alphabetically.Such an arbitrary approach would create uncertainty & confusion.We need a simple,efficient & fair process, not one a budget airline would be proud of  
Two chairmen say Brexit could be "hugely damaging" to English football.Read more   
Valuable meeting with @NicolaSturgeon & @FergusEwingMSP on future of Scotland’s seafood sector. Big Brexit challenges to navigate but also focussed on long term growth opportunity, investing in capacity & building Scotland’s brand at home & abroad.  
Democrats: stop being afraid of Trump. In the latest Navigator poll, generic ballot support for Democrats actually increases (D+8 to D+13) when the Midterms are made into a referendum on Trump.  
No, British spirit will stop Brexit  
Of course, because Brexit is going so smoothly so far....  
Lol every single one of them a remoaner....naturally, so what else would they say, it’s got F-all to do with democracy @shahmiruk it’s about everything to do with anti/Brexit and a second referendum.  
UK govt has no credible plan for no-deal Brexit, road hauliers warn, astonished that in recent meetings the minister appeared to be unaware that British lorry drivers would not be able to carry goods on the continent if the UK crashes out of EU 
Why is it in the interests of the owners of Stoke City and Burnley football clubs to make things up about the impact of Brexit?  
The current #Brexit bill allows the government to introduce regulations without passing them through parliament.It’s not hard to imagine some politicians abusing this power by removing legal safeguards largely protecting women, according to Dr Milner.  
“Despite the fear-laden doomsday briefings by those who want to reverse the referendum result, going into the WTO for our trade with the EU would not mean being cast into the outer darkness.” Iain Duncan Smith   
The Conservative Party gave us a referendum on EU membership.  The Conservative Party then stood at the last election on a manifesto pledge of BREXIT !  Some Tory MP's, Anna Soubry and others have gone back on these two important items ! 
"Almost two-thirds of Scottish voters believe the Westminster government is ignoring their concerns during Brexit negotiations, and there is now more support in Scotland for remaining in the EU than at the time of the 2016 referendum."  
It's becoming quite obvious now that the Remoaner's greatest fear of Brexit is it proving they were wrong. This is why they are becoming increasingly insane and desperate just to save face.*Stands back with finger poised over mute button for another clear out* 
I must have missed the 2nd referendum in Bournemouth West. When was it, what was the turnout and what was the result?  
Our chair @CNagpaul writes in @Independent today to voice the concerns of our membership and the wider profession about the risks to the health service associated with a 'no deal' #Brexit  
Owen Jones crybaby  MANBOY. Complaining everyone laughing at him calling him crybaby. Well he is  biggest crybaby today. Loves crying everyday about. Brexit, Donald Trump & 100 other things as well. Owen does for journalism, what Big Daddy done for TRAMPOLINING.  
The biggest potential game changer of the Brexit discourse?   
I can’t stomach any more Trump Derangement Syndrome, Brexit hysteria, Omarosa bullsh*t or ‘Madonna inspired me to be f***ing annoying’ birthday tributes. Frankly, I’m bored witless by all YOUR opinions...and by MY opinions. So I’ve gone to this beach for a Twitter detox. Bye.  
Inflation on rise as fall in £ brought about by #Brexit increases cost of imports, including fuel, & adds pressure on prices 4 businesses & families. Failing Brexiteer Grayling also hikes rail fares causing more misery to millions of exploited commuters. Need change & now #FBPE 
I can tell you what Labour stands for. A hard right Brexit that will hurt the poorest in society the hardest, devastate public finances & cripple the NHS. #StopBrexitSaveBritain Via ⁦@TheNewEuropean⁩ 
Imagine how upside down this country would turn if all the Black millionaires decided they wanted to fund Black students to do courses in their sectors. Brexit Britain would be livid.  
Today has been an absolute education.Hearing from the new OFOC members in Belfast. They're tired of being democratically silenced by the focus on division. They don't accept Northern Ireland or the island of Ireland being torn apart by Brexit. 
Simple to answer @DanielJHannan - I accept the results of a referendum except those referendums blighted by lies, cheating, illegality and the utter incompetence of the Brexit Bunch. Oh, and when some of them - not you, I respect you - hope to profit from a no deal shambles.  
Without significant changes, @BorisJohnson warns that the government's Brexit White Paper means we won't be able to take back control of our laws or our trade.  
“I think I will vote Green next time around as they have got it right about Brexit and other issues that should concern us all, such as climate change." 
Steve Baker, a former chair of the ERG, has invested more than £70,000 in gold firm Glint Pay. Now it emerges that company is now urging potential investors to  buy from them as "financial insurance" against a no deal Brexit.Share this for transparency: 
She will not deliver Brexit and should be booted out of office....but it seems the 'powers that be' have decided we should have BRINO and TM is their useful idiot to make sure that happens. She won't leave voluntarily so we need a concerted effort by Brexit MPs to get rid of her.  
The perception that Corbyn is in a position of strength therefore helps create the conditions where the govt would call for a vote on the deal. It’s no wonder people think movements to stop Brexit are simply anti-Corbyn wedge politics masquerading as campaign strategy 
Natalie Bennett (@natalieben) tells it like it is. Listen to the full interview where she talked about #BasicIncome, Political Ecology, Radical Change, and the landscape of #British Politics. #GreenPodcast #ClimateChange #brexit #Tbt #Resist 
Oh.  That’s alright then, IDS says so...Ignore the experts...just like their advice was ignored on the Genoa Bridge repair.It’s just occurred to me how close IDS’s initials are to IBS...must be closely related as the symptoms are so similar. 
The Scottish Defence League is an extreme Scottish Unionist group. This is the underbelly of the uber-Unionism that the Scottish media never wants to acknowledge. It has become emboldened recently, due in no small part to the rampant xenophobia created by Brexit.  
A truth some in the UK's Brexit negotiating team must grasp: the Commission's position is firm because of EU member states, not in spite of them. 
Boris Johnson plans to torment Theresa May's Brexit plans at Conservative party conference 
Farage - Gets his kids German passports.Christopher Chandler, pro-Brexit Legatum Institute founder - Buys a Maltese EU passport.The rich & the powerful can make money trading on the upheaval of Brexit, or simply move abroad. The poorest will be pushed into destitution. 
#BREAKING NEWS for @Douglas4Moray and his constituents. People’s Vote shows Aberdeen residents would lose on average £1,008 per person annually in the event of a ‘soft Brexit’.A ‘hard Brexit’, would cost people in the Granite City £1,776 per year. @ScotTories 
Either way the damage being done to the centre left by the clear willingness of pro-Corbyn voices to publish lies will likely take generations to repair. Meanwhile, we're still steaming forward towards a no-deal Brexit & the leader of the opposition is doing nothing to stop it. 
Support for a #PeoplesVote keeps flocking in with more and more people demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
REALITY: Westmonster speaks to small businessman @LanceForman about No Deal. 'I see Brexit as a great opportunity for Britain, our business has been in operation for over 100 years, most of those years Britain wasn’t even in the EU.'FULL VIDEO:  
#topoli #onpoli Excising the subways from TTC, as @fordnation is promising, will be the Brexit of local politics. Two questions: (1) Is @JohnTory prepared to defend an asset Torontonians have paid billions for? (2) Does small town Ont. want to pay for it? 
Brexiters are now devoting all their efforts towards ‘mitigating’ or ‘minimising’ the negative impact of #Brexit. For crying out even louder, we DON’T HAVE TO DO THIS.Wake up, Britain, we already have a gold-plated deal.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Danes keen for deal and close relationship with Brexit Britain  
Brexit will be fine if you can shift your funds to Dublin like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. The hypocrisy of those pursuing this disastrous project while privately fleeing the consequences is galling. 
The 1997 Referendum that set up the Welsh Assembly was won by less than 1%, 50.30% to 49.70%.The Lefties did not complain about that because it was the result they wanted. 
Davidson has used approximately none of her much vaunted political clout to stop or stall hard Brexit; her party has links to the same sources of dark money that financed Leave; she has consistently failed to address the racism/sectarianism that is rampant on the Scottish right.  
Wow, this poll is great news (except for people still trying to claim a third of SNP voters back Brexit, that is).  
Leading Tory Brexiteer Steve Baker invested over £70,000 in a firm advising clients to buy gold to avoid impact of a no-deal Brexit. via @BIUK_Politics 
The UK has never had a Prime Minister who is eurosceptic. Time now for someone who actually supports Brexit and intends to deliver on the Referendum and manifesto commitment..  
Ah.  Farage the fish expert that went just once to 42 EU Fisheries Committees,  (NB U.K. Fisheries has a smaller economy than Harrods ) now is setting himself as an expert in Medical matters and Brexit....with zero facts. 
When I voted LEAVE I foolishly believed the Government would deal with it professionally and because of that the country would rally. The Government has fundamentally fucked this up. From this point Brexit looks impossible. 
Dear P.M. 'Sharia' May...I know you are busy picking a fight with Russia and America, directing a pantomime about deadly nerve agent and massaging unemployment figures but I just wondered....Any news on BREXIT??  
We are led by blinkered delusional idiots onto a path of isolation, petty nationalism, anti intellectualism and economic penury. We #Remainers are the majority, this is not 1933. One idiotic/criminal  referendum must not decide our fate. #PeoplesVote 
Problem is, a Brexit that is not economically destructive (EEA plus customs union) means less sovereignty for the UK than membership.  
A must watch from @AlexSalmond in the wake of Boris Johnson dog whistle. “@theSNP must be ready to fight a General Election with a strong position on Europe and an unambiguous position on Scotland’s Constitutional future.“ #brexit #indyref2 
UKIP / Brexit / Tories / NHS.  
Continuing a three-part @AlexSalmondShow series on #Catalonia, I speak to three of the world’s leading economists, who give their views on the economics of an independent Catalonia, the dangers of a world trade war and the economic impact of a UK #Brexit. 
Why not put Brendan Rodgers in charge of Brexit?He managed to get Celtic out of Europe in just 180 minutes. 
Markets should stop "panicking" about Brexit, Iain Duncan Smith says  
I disagree. The British people voted for Brexit by a decent (if not enormous) majority. U may not like it but that’s democracy & it shd be respected. Nor do I believe Brexit need be economically destructive. But crucially that depends on how it’s negotiated & which path we choose  
Bridgen is on planet Brexit ignoring popularity of EU in IRL is at a high over 90% & Irish aren't so stupid to want to join Brexiteers in their selfish& destructive act & want to become a vassal state of the UK under the thumb of British exceptionalists aka English nationalists. 
EU elections are just 8 weeks after Brexit. EU27 are desperate to fight off Bannon's fascist alliance. Brexit will play a part in their campaigns. EU27 need to show strength & unity. They can instrumentalise either No Deal or No Brexit. But not a fudge.  
Breaking news:Celtic are not out of Europe. Brexit denied.  
European officials say they are increasingly worried that Theresa May's government is so divided and fragile that it could collapse, scuttling a Brexit deal and inflicting damage on the Continental economy, @StevenErlanger writes 
Britons living in the EU launch fresh legal challenge against Brexit Great coverage from El Pais, which will be in the Spanish edition later today too.@UKEUchallenge @Bremaininspain via @elpaisinenglish 
Uncertainty??? All of them are telling everyone publicly, that this Brexit thing is the best thing since the sliced loaf.  But all the while hiding money "under the sofa" which many of the rest of us cannot do.. 
 Fishing, processing, aquaculture, environmentalists, scientists, port authorities and food and drink representatives will raise their key #brexit priorities at the seafood sector roundtable in Edinburgh   
Well you have certainly taken any incentive to learn another language with Brexit. Why should they try when they can't go anywhere?  You really didn't look at the long term affects of Brexit 
Don't listen to their words, watch what they do:Rees-Mogg - Launches 2 investment funds in Dublin.Redwood - Advises investors to pull money out of UK.Baker - Invests £70K in a firm that sells gold to avoid Brexit impact.Lawson - Applies for French residency. 
Another celeb has decided he know$ best. Sorry Hugh - 17.4M people voted to leave the EU.Democracy demands Brexit. #ForTheNation  
Dear Gisela Stuart,A kind reminder that you campaigned for Brexit, which will end Freedom of Movement for BOTH British and EU27 people.Why would young people be motivated to take A levels in European languages if they do not know on what terms they could work & study in EU?  
One constituent was very unhappy with the idea of a second EU referendum.'That is not democracy, the people voted, the people said they wanted out and the latest things coming out of Europe aren't making us change our minds!'VIDEO:  
Brexit going off the rails because of Grayling's incompetenceFantastic to see the @Telegraph waking up to this Brexit lorry crash. #PeoplesVote#OFOC 
DENMARK: Government want deal and close cooperation with Brexit Britain moving forward. “Brexit could have significant consequences for the Danish economy, so it is in Denmark’s interest to secure a good deal.” 
“The British Medical Association (BMA) believes the public should have a final informed say on the Brexit deal and, to reject the notion of a ‘no deal’ given all the serious risks that such an outcome carries."  
Trade expert: We can’t ‘harden’ Brexit later if we agree to Chequers  via @BrexitCentral 
Frankly, I'm not interested in any UK-wide referendum on any subject, because, whatever Scotland votes, it won't count, as we'll get whatever England wants. #DissolveTheUnion 
...including the perspective to see how damaging and insular the #Brexit campaign has been 
Joining Rees Mogg, investment firm in Ireland,  Lawson, moved to France, the Legatum Institute's Chandler, bough EU citizenship from Malta, we have Baker moving his money into gold. As someone once said (I think it was me) Brexit is for the little people  
London, vulnerable because of Brexit, may be a bellwether for the global housing market  
Oh well, it’s not as if young people are going to be free to live, work and settle in Germany any more.  Thanks to brexit. 
In public former Brexit minister Steve Baker backs a no-deal Brexit.Meanwhile he invests in a firm advising clients to buy gold to protect themselves from the damage it would cause.  
MUST-READ: in the biggest poll of Scots attitudes to Brexit since 2016, there is an overwhelming backing for a #PeoplesVote on the outcome of negotiations. Please RT:  
Theresa May has been told to come clean about her post-Brexit immigration plans  
British citizens in the EU (60% of whom were denied a vote on their own futures) launch High Court bid to have #Brexit overturned  
"@jeremycorbyn ANTI-SEMITISM SCANDAL IS SPIRALING OUT OF CONTROLInstead of capitalizing on Theresa May’s Brexit turmoil, the Labour Party is embroiled in its own controversy—one that’s quickly going global."  
Anti-Brexit group @Another_Europe has launched a campaign to make Kate Hoey leader of the Conservative party 
Protecting Scotland's valuable seafood industry and mitigating the impact of Brexit on trade, funding and ongoing access to labour will be discussed at a sector roundtable hosted by FM @NicolaSturgeon and Rural Economy @FergusEwingMSP today  
Brexit denies us and it restricts us. It prevents us, it limits, and it shuts us out. We are hampered, hindered and it holds us back.However you want to put it, it puts an end to amazing opportunities like this   
What did you think would happen Gisela? This is "Britain embracing the world"! Not.Brexit always was a backwards looking insular project and you helped promote it. You need to live with that. 
"Steve Baker seems to treat Brexit as a game to line his own pockets, whilst leaving millions of people across the UK to pick up the bill." Calls for a @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal are getting louder by the day. 
Boris Johnson plans to torment Theresa May's Brexit plans at Conservative party conference - Business Insider  
Stoke City and Burnley chairmen back second referendum to avoid 'botched' Brexit  
53% of Scotland’s young people want a #PeoplesVote on the the final Brexit Deal. It’s time for a People’s Vote, For our Future’s Sake. #FFS Join the fight at  
Utterly delusional, latest opinion poll put support for the EU at 92% in Ireland!  The folly of #Brexit is only strengthening this  
Super-gonorrhea obviously wasn't alarming enough, so now Project Fear campaigners are claiming a 'no-deal' Brexit will increase the risk of deadly pandemics:  
"There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside." David Davis, October 2016#NationalTellAJokeDay/1 
Rare bit of good news here. Turns out the Brexit blame-myth is not taking hold. Most people have spotted that UKGov own this mess, and even Leavers blame the Government as much as they blame the EU.This is what happens when you treat people like mugs. 
Sir Patrick Stewart on Brexit: 'I think we will come out of this a lot stronger. We have all of us learnt from it. I think it will make us appreciate basic freedoms and rights that in the past perhaps we took too much for granted.'  
As an MP, Steve Baker lobbies for a No Deal Brexit. In private, he's got a £70,000 investment in a firm that encourages people to buy gold to avoid the economic damage of Brexit. If only he respected his constituents as much as his bank balance. 
This is what Europeans think are the best things about the EU. And Brexit means that Britain is about to lose all of these benefits. 
Two club chairmen claim #Brexit could be "hugely damaging" to English football.Find out more   
The Brexit Dividend - for some  
Despairing high priest of #Brexit now scraping the bottom of the barrel by dismissing UK medical professionals as a "disgrace". Guess they didn't put you back together again after that air crash, Monsieur Farage.  
Self-serving #rapeclause Ruth who never hold surgeries - hides from the press when asked tricky questions about Brexit & dark money- rides anything that moves to self-promote - does nothing FOR Scotland - oh you really dont know her at all do you! 
What is the point of electoral law of Vote Leave breaking the spending rules doesn’t render the referendum illegitimate?#Brexit  
We can #ExitfromBrexit but @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn don't want to give you the final say on the Brexit deal. The Liberal Democrats believe the British people should have the last word on Brexit and chance to stay in the EU. Join our campaign:  
This is not normal politics, this is a tiny elite minority wanting to inflict massive suffering on the British people so they can engage in disaster capitalist profiteering & slash the taxes and regulations that eat into their profits.#Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
“@BorisJohnson is reportedly planning to push a pro-Brexit agenda designed to embarrass senior Conservative figures at the party's conference,” says @BenGartside - actually, he will be pushing a pro-Brexit agenda becuase he supports Brexit.  
VOTE SNP WE GET TORIES VOTE REMAIN WE GET BREXIT 68% ANTI TRIDENT MPS WE GET TRIDENT YOU YES YET? 
What would @andreajenkyns want to see the Government do in terms of Brexit? 'I would like to see them preparing more and selling the benefits of WTO. We're a great country, our people are great, let's just start selling Britain!' VIDEO:  
So much for £350 million a week for the NHS. Brexit is an absolute mess but we can change direction. People across the country are demanding the chance to #ExitfromBrexit. Join them today:  
German Foreign Office: We're turning EU into defence union.“We remain convinced that we need more and not less Europe.”No thanks! #Brexit  
They leave behind school friends, work colleagues, the volunteering they did for the PTA and local communities. It's not an exaggeration to say that this is hugely disruptive. Ironic as Brexit was in part so-called a project for communities, including "left-behind" 4/ 
Brexit is a local issue; our town has lost millions if you cownt up all the lost & wasted investment. The people of #MiltonKeynes have tried telling our MPs Brexit's a bad idea, but it's in one ear and out the udder.  #FinalSay #CowPuns4EU 
It would seem that one of the biggest targets of the far Right is breaking up the EU. First off the blocks in aiding that cause? Brexit Britain. What does 2+2 =, John?  
Nearly 80% of Manchester Withington supports Remain and yet we have an MP who is relentlessly whipping Labour MPs to support the Tory Government with its aggressive UKIP-style Brexit agenda. I JUST DON'T GET IT   
'Catastrophe' of Brexit no deal for NHS needs second vote, BMA says  
‘Trust ME to deliver #Brexit’ Boris Johnson is to push a pro-Brexit agenda at the Tory conference As Boris said previously, "It's not to late to save Brexit"#StandUp4Brexit#ChuckChequers 
What makes me laugh at leavers is that they think they understand how the economy works and call anything that doesn't fit their agenda project fear. Don't listen to the experts, leavers know best! If #brexit is so great, why are pro-brexit supporters moving away? 
"Why aren't we already out of the EU, 2 years and 2 months after the Referendum?"  Here's one of the key reasons.  :   This has to be stopped. 
Another referendum would be a coup by the rich and privileged elite against the British public, and would break our country's democracy. WATCH my interview on @RT_com  
THREAD 1/ A visitor to Bournemouth, a coastal city of 193,000 in the Southwest of England, would have troubles discerning an economic slowdown. But interviews with local executives and government officials show that Brexit is having insidious effects  
Sweden: 'Swedish populist calls again for 'Swexit' referendum' 
Who do you think is going to teach German when Germans and other nationalities are leaving? Teachers included. Because of brexit. Think it through before embarrassing yourself with tweets like this. 
Over 500,000 students get their A-levels today. None of them got to vote in 2016, but Brexit will define their futures. Let them have a #PeoplesVote#alevelresults2018#OFOC 
More and more we hear about how the EU don't want the UK to diverge from its rules and "gain a competitive advantage". That's the point! Sticking to Brussels rules puts us at a disadvantage. We NEED to diverge!#brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
This is how low Brexiters are now prepared to sink to try to keep their Brexit nightmare alive: calling medical experts - experts who studied medicine, stop people from dying and make people well again - ‘an absolute disgrace’.The game is up for these charlatan Brexiters.  
A thread that completely encapsulates just how out of their depth the government are over Brexit.   
Every time a Govt spokesperson or ally says something foolish about Brexit, Twitter produces, within minutes, careful, expert, evidenced repudiations. Imagine what an opposition could do with that if it rose to the challenge of holding the Govt to account. 
If you even cared about the NHS, you’d care about the doctors, nurses, health experts & patient groups who overwhelmingly say Brexit (and worse; a “no deal” Brexit) is reckless. But you don’t- because your pet project and delusional bubble around it are more important to you. 
Memo to Theresa May: Any attempt to suggest that “a Customs Union with the EU” is essentially any different from “being in the EU’s Customs Union”, is Jesuitical and spurious. It means accepting Brussels’ duty levels. It’s not Brexit. Don’t go there. 
Pro-Brexit Tory MP Andrew Bridgen thinks  that Ireland will be “very tempted” to leave the EU after Brexit.  
That's right @GiselaStuart .  MFL teachers tell me it's because of brexit. Because young people don't see the point of learning languages if they can't move freely. Happy now? This is down to people like you. How dare you even moan about this, having caused it.  
They are not a disgrace - they are our doctors... and 83% think Brexit is bad for the NHS.Brexit has already hit NHS staffing (EU nurses leaving) and finances (just the fallen £ costs NHS approx £1bn/year). That’s before wrecked medicine supply & a dangerous Trump deal. 
Brexit is awful. Trump is terrifying. The rise of the right wing and the increase in anti-immigration sentiment are horrifying. Want to make a difference? Here are some suggestions for how.  
If Theresa May refuses Scotland a referendum on Independence should we declare UDI? 
When the European Medicines Agency relocates from London to Amseterdam after Brexit, it expects to lose 30% of its staff. Some of which it thinks won't be replaceable. This will have knock-on effects.  
Brexiteer Politicians: Brexit is going terribly. It's a betrayal!UK Public (according to recent polls): Then, let's have a #PeoplesVote Brexiteer Politicians: No! Because then we'll have proof the People don't want Brexit anymore. 
Brexit, Scotland & people's vote: 66% of Snp voters want a people's vote to 18% who dont, 64% of labour voters do too; 83% of Snp voters now  remain, 77% of labour - time for SNP to lead on another EU referendum, and Labour too 
The drumming equivalent of Brexit!  
This is only half a story. Right wing policymakers were not misled by these false arguments: they wanted austerity whatever, and were just looking for justifications. Austerity signaled a much deeper malaise in our politics which is now obvious with Trump and Brexit.  
This is the "David Jones" Russian bot controlling accountAnyone who has this as a follower is more than likely a bot or paid trollBe wary of it, check for it near the bottom of the list of pro brexit accounts, if you see it, chances are it's Russian 
Glad we can agree... So if the people don't like the way Brexit is going... Maybe they should have a say on it....#PeoplesVote 
Chris Grayling admits that Theresa May's #Brexit plans are 'not easy to sell' to the public That's an understatement!So why is he, a supposed #Brexiteer, still supporting this shambles?Time to #ChuckChequers#StandUp4Brexit 
former Brexit Minister Steve Baker apparently has shares worth £70,000 in a company that encourages people to invest in gold to avoid the financial hit of a no-deal Brexit. Who says we’re not ready for Brexit!  
These are the words that matter @theguardian: “ There is now a clear majority, according to the opinion polls, for a referendum on the terms of a future EU deal. There is also now a majority against Brexit.” 
Pretty sick of Brexiters arguing for a hard Brexit that will damage the poor whilst their firms tell millionaires to protect their millions.In this latest example they’re telling people to hoard gold like they’re villains in a fucking James Bond film.  pic.twitter.com/yknHQvoMa5 
In Denmark Foreign Secretary Hunt says #Brexit is “challenging, divisive and difficult” and Britain does not want other countries to quit the EU.Sounds like a good argument for a #PeoplesVote before we are the idiots that do quit. 
Leaver or remainer - if you read one thread on #Brexit today, make it this one:Clear, precise, factual, devastating.Brexit may be possible.“No deal Brexit”, though, is insane.  
Becoming a third country: A major challenge for the UK? Read latest #Brexit analysis by @BrigidLaffan here: 
IDS: "We are already a WTO member. However, after Brexit, we would become a full voting member, able to mount independent pressure on the EU to do the thing they have failed to do: liberalise access to services"  
One of the cruellest ironies of Brexit is Leave voters berating the ‘wealthy elite’ like Gary Lineker for urging common sense while blundering into a crisis orchestrated by wealthy Brexiteers with no intention of suffering with the rest of us.  
Brexit is a killer for British sovereignty.It reduces the UK’s sovereignty over the world around us — from our citizens’ empowerment across Europe to the say our businesses, civil society and government have in our largest & closest market.That then also impacts at home.  
#ProjectFear is nothing but an attempt to scare the public into accepting #Chequers #BRINOIt didn’t work during the referendum and it won’t work now#StandUp4Brexit 
Divisions between London and the rest of the country will only deepen if we get a 'phantom Brexit' where we haven't really left, says @GiselaStuart. 
Yes there is more interest on being interviewed about Brexit from pro EU British MEPs on foreign media than UK's very sadly. As I can give interviews in 4 EU languages as you can imagine I'm kept busy   
Road haulage firms accuse Chris Grayling, the transport secretary, of failing to put in place any credible contingency plans for a 'no-deal' Brexit scenario, as well as "knowing nothing" about their industry   
Remember, no matter what A Level results you get this morning, we're going to go through with Brexit even though it will definitely doom your future, and you'll never be able to afford to buy a house either way. 
This is not about pro or against Brexit. Wanting to leave the EU does not mean you need to pretend there won’t be problems. Identify the problem, work on solving it. 
To avoid defeat at Labour Party Conference, Jeremy Corbyn is considering an option for delegates to support a motion for a second referendum, but only in “exceptional circumstances”. FFS. We are already in exceptional circumstances.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Not only house prices - the whole UK economy is set for something more than a mere "tumble", because of the Brexit YOUR fanatical newspaper fought so hard for, you utter dimblewits ! @MailOnline 
Confirmed.  There will be no Brexit talks at the 20th September EU Leaders Summit.As expected by every1 outside of the UK Gvmnt.  TM the PM will get a few minutes (literally) to tell other leaders as to how  A.50 is progressing.    Then the EU are back to business as usual. 
Pointing this out will brand you a proponent of “project fear”. Clearly an enemy of Brexit. Of the UK. Of the world. Sorry my friends. It is not. I cannot tell you whether we’ll land there, I can tell you that if nothing happens, we will. And these are the consequences. 
RBS threatens to move billions abroad over fears of a hard BrexitWe Bailed them out with £45billion of taxpayers money!Teach the disloyal #RBS withdraw your money, change banks! Boycott #RBS! 
The legal consequences of no-deal Brexit are not difficult to figure out. You look at the current law. How are third state actors treated? Yeah, that’s it. No rocket science. The EU has written preparedness notices based on that. 
Exclusive: Leading Brexiteer Steve Baker invested £70,000 in a firm which tells clients to buy gold to avoid the adverse consequences of Brexit 
Please vote for your #Brexit preference and Retweet for a wide distribution.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
UK's trade exports hit record high of £616billion in fresh vote of confidence for Brexit  
Exclusive: Pro-Leave Tory MP and former Brexit minister Steve Baker has shares worth £70k in a company which tells people to buy gold to avoid Brexit's impact on the pound  
As of this moment - 7.50am, Thursday 16 August - any MP who does not come out and openly oppose all forms of Brexit, I am holding personally culpable for whatever follows.I urge you all to do the same. 
Great to see @LeaveEUOfficial posts being blown out of the fucking water by an army of #FBPE and Remainer people. Let's keep going harder. They haven't even got the trolls anymore to defend themselves. Soon anyone real person following them will know #brexit is a con, and dead 
Teenagers! Don't worry if you've messed up your A-levels.Our Hard Brexit will destroy your future anyway so you've got nothing left to lose.  
And what amazing secret did our agents discover? Only something we've known all along. That the EU has no intention of caving into Brextremist fantasy of a cake & eat it Brexit. The Leave campaign was a pack of lies. Let's put things right. #PeoplesVote 
We can’t ‘harden’ Brexit later if we agree to Chequers, says @ShankerASingham 
Get over it Remainers. It was YOU who told us, loudly & clearly, EXACTLY what leaving the EU meant and we still voted for Brexit.   
Oh you have no idea about Scotland. One policy. SNP BAD. Doesn’t like Brexit until her boss tells her to like Brexit, despite  impact to Scotland. Doesn’t answer ANY questions from media. Constantly trashes Scotland. If she was properly scrutinised, she would crumble. 
What has .@jeremycorbyn ever said about the lies, fraud and cheating that brought about the vote to leave in the EU referendum?? 
Hi Simon. This Stand up for Brexit account is being run by Peter Thompson who lives in France. Did France vote Brexit... I'm confused 
How bad could Brexit be?This bad.Humdinger of a thread.  
Brexit is the disappointment that just keeps giving.You expect James Bond and you get Dominic Raab.#StopBrexit 
Majority of Scottish voters feel ignored by UK ministers on Brexit  
Theresa May told to come clean about her post-Brexit immigration plans  
Two thirds of UK shoppers expect high street prices to surge because of Brexit. Still no sign of any Brexit benefits? 
'Catastrophe' of Brexit no deal for NHS needs second vote, BMA says l. Union says "this is not scaremongering".A 'no-deal' Brexit would be a serious health risk. 
‘Trust ME to deliver Brexit’ - Boris Johnson to push pro-Brexit agenda at Tory conference  
Tory campaign group Conservative Voice warns that a THIRD of its followers would vote for UKIP if there was a General Election tomorrow“The #ChequersPlan is not the #Brexit the majority voted for and it’s time for action”  
Brexit uncertainty is already having a significant impact in Bournemouth  
This simple, obvious fact should have killed Brexit at the start.This is NOT a no-deal scenario. This is just any kind of leaving the EU.We just don't have the means.  
Can you help us make some noise? We will be sharing the hardship, the fears, the concerns and the challenges any brexit borders will bring to our way of life. We want those with power to start listening to real people. Help Us #MakeThemListenRT and Follow Us 
“More Than One Million Labour Leave Voters Have Abandoned Brexit” 
Declare dissolution of the Union subject to a referendum. Dare the British state to stand in the way. Make the initiative ours. Make the problem theirs. Stop asking how we’re going to do it. Start making them wonder how they’re going to stop us. That’s how to take back a country. 
The road to the future of Iran may not be straight or paved but it will end either in a parliamentary monarchy (a la England), or a secular republic whichever people of Iran vote for in a referendum monitored by the UN … after the IRI implosion.  That day will come. 
This is good to hear, but please don’t stop campaigning, at least just yet. Maybe Brexit is dead but I’m not relaxing until I’ve been to the cremation  
I’ll vote in favor of the community oversight referendum...here's why:  
#PoliticalPoll #Poll As a result of #Brexit do you expect #NorthernIreland to eventually become #Independent form a Union with #Eire or #Scotland #RemaininUK ?#DemocraticUnionistParty @DUP_RBLX@sinnfeinireland #SinnFein #SDLP @SDLPlive #UUP #AllianceParty@allianceparty 
I stopped by the election commission today and saw history in the making. People that wanted to have a chance at a COB, worked hard and collected the signatures they needed. The Commission agreed and is now going to be voted on. That is how you make a referendum happen. 
It's not about giving ideas away. The Govt. has absolutely no clue on the implications of No Deal, They don't really have any clue on any deal that can preserve the GFA. The opposition should be hammering them from pillar to post on Brexit. 
So Patrick Stewart is corrupt because he doesn’t use food banks?Really? So the only people who are “good” are the destitute & people who agree with you?  Not life long Labour supporters like PS, who want to help the poor, but don’t  have the same pro Brexit conviction as Corbyn  
Check out this month's Navigator Research poll (just out today) which finds that when you tweak the generic ballot to be a referendum on Trump the Dem lead goes from D+8 to D+13  
Long night, in part preparing the first policy paper for @Games4EU, having now read pretty much every paper prepared by the UK govt, the EU and pretty much every creative industry association. Not impressed on the whole. I am going to make some GRENADES to drop on Brexit, folks. 
'A no-deal Brexit would be bad for Britain – and a disaster for cities like Liverpool. A no-deal Brexit would be bad for Britain – and a disaster for cities like Liverpool. That's why we need a Final Say'  
(6)Once my compatriots have reached the milestone of a national referendum—once the Iranian people have the chance to select, for the first time, the leaders of their choosing—my mission will be fulfilled.  
(4)After the regime ends, this path must continue with free and fair elections for a constitutional assembly. Ultimately it must arrive at a national referendum on the establishment of a secular democracy designed to safeguard each citizen’s human rights.   
Brexit: an uphill struggle - Bernd Riegert of Deutsche Welle concludes that Britain is teetering toward Brexit day with little hope that anyone will pull the emergency brake. Yet offering alternatives is an uphill struggle...  #Brexinfo. 
Khan is a Muslim Brotherhood, EU operative. The reason for Brexit. No more fighting @PrisonPlanet Where was the the Queen and Charles when the UK surrendered? 
I don’t know what the truth is about Corbyn & terrorists, or Corbyn & anti-semitism. There’s far too much contradictory stuff out there. But I do know that Corbyn is all for Brexit. So he doesn’t get my support. 
Given all this - and it’s a great thread and great journalism - is it not time your own editorial line changed to match the evidence?Having this Government continue with this #Brexit is just plain dangerous. This must now be clearly recognised, surely? 
Important thread from someone who has lived this. Brexit is not an abstract thing. Its effects are on individual lives, not just statistics. #BrexitIsPersonal 
I can’t either. But I cover half the UK for work. Most of my customers voted for Brexit. They started asking me what it meant 6 months ago. As much as it drives me mad, the vast majority of them are really nice people, but aren’t interested in politics. 
Everything’s fine. Unicorns will fix both Leave and Remain problems all at once, delivering Brexit and stopping Brexit.And, in the US, they’ll remove Trump while making America great again.You just have to close your eyes and believe.  
Grateful for being able to play a small role in helping .@OversightNow get the referendum on ballot. Tenn. Code Ann. Vol 2 back on the shelf for now.  
Bob I’m at the end of my tether with Brexit, and those who voted for it too. The majority are nice, decent people though. Let down, ignored and pointed in the wrong direction to blame. 
It’s not a meltdown to tell people the reality is, currently, that Brexit is happening and even if it doesn’t lasting damage has been done.A meltdown is skipping with unicorns while your house burns down.As for solutions, I’ve offered plenty.  
He continuing: "The referendum should never have happened. These idiots hadn't a clue."Me: "But you're Tory party member."He: "Not any more."Me: "So will you be voting for Corbyn?" (I couldn't resist)He: "I won't be voting for anyone until there's someone worth voting for." 
Ardent elderly Tory Brexiter in village today:"You really don't need to carry on with your campaigning. Brexit is dead & nothing can revive it."Me: "How do you feel about that?"He: "Relief, actually"Me: "So you don't want Brexit to happen?"He: "No I don't. Dreadful mistake." 
Labour and SNP under pressure in Scotland as poll shows voters strongly support fresh referendum  
Well, one thing is certain, the press are neither trusted nor popular, BBC & ITV news is so biased its neither trusted nor popular, UK democracy is no longer trusted and politics now stinks even more that it used to. Let's see if all of these worms can defeat brexit. 
Another bend of the arc toward justice!  The people get to VOTE on a COB!!  @oversightnowNashville police oversight board referendum cleared for November ballot, legal challenge by FOP awaits  via @tennessean 
When we voted to leave the EU it was simply that - to leave the EU. 2 years later & remain have introduced bullshit concerning the type of leave we voted for. Soft hard or anything else brexit was never mentioned. We just voted to leave so cut this bullshit & get on with leaving! 
We salute Rupa Huq for her integrity. We wish more would follow her example and #StandUp2Brexit. We'd best #StopBrexit before Brexit stops us!  
Alexa, please stop Brexit. 
Read the whole thread, please, but here’s the key: Brexit threatens peace in Northern Ireland and the casualness with which that’s essentially just accepted by many is shameful. This alone should be enough to end Brexit right now.  
This can fuck all the way off. I like my echo chamber as it is. I don’t want to hear some brexit-loving Tommy wanker racist spouting their Hopkinsesque mindpiss.  
And again, those who will pile on here to disagree have rarely read and almost certainly never understood the #GFA but will still profess to be experts on it. But, they'll be the same group that will happily throw the peace away to get their Brexit 9/  
I say peace is under threat because the #GFA offers guarantees that are incompatible with any form of Brexit. We're well and truly in La La Land territory with every option suggested by HMG 8/  
by speaking out about changing your mind, you are doing more to stop Brexit than we Remain-voters can ever hope to!! thank you so much for your courage  
The Brexit correspondent for the Daily Telegraph has a story for you. Sleep well. If you can.  
And thanks to them we're are going to be dragged out of Europe against our will, impoverished with their Brexit, our Parliament under increasing threat and subject to whatever indignity the Tories want to impose on us next.  
This govt is too incompetent to prepare for Brexit. Read this  
After doing everything possible to achieve a Hard Brexit, the Mail wonders why the fuck UK house Prices are falling? I wonder? pic.twitter.com/pqSdEjROqI 
Hear hear @DeborahMeaden The only economics group claiming Brexit Benefit is Minford's "Economists 4 Brexit"But their model based on*dropping standards in UK*trashing sterling - again!*job losses*deflation of 8%Looks like a recession 2 me#StopTheMadness#PeoplesVote 
Nightmare for Theresa May as Boris Johnson prepares for a comeback at Tory party conference... just as Brexit talks enter crucial stage  
Can’t wait for a second Brexit referendum to clear up all this bad feeling once and for all 
“Almost two-thirds of Scottish voters believe the Westminster government is ignoring their concerns during Brexit negotiations -  there is now more support in Scotland for remaining in the EU than at the time of the 2016 referendum” - ⁦@libby_brooks⁩ 
When the European Medicines Agency relocates from London to Amseterdam after Brexit, it expects to lose 30% of its staff. Some of which it thinks won't be replaceable. This will have knock-on effects.  
2020 will be referendum on the idea of AmericaOur side will argue we are the greatest country ever to exist - that we should be thankful to be Americans & give glory to god we live in this countryThe other side will say “America was never great” and are angry to be in America 
Labour and SNP under pressure in Scotland as poll shows voters strongly support fresh referendum  
Are you serious!???FFS man, you support Brexit! Brexit is a racist's wet dream. Every racist and xenophobe in Britain voted for it. And you have the audacity to play innocent in this?You're a sad and tired joke, and the sooner the Labour front bench is rid of you the better.  
Diolch Elfed am y croeso cynnes / a big thank to Elfed Wyn Jones & his dad for the warm welcome & the bara brith in #Trawsfynydd today. We had a very useful discussion about farmers’ concerns as to what happens to their livelihoods as Brexit unfolds.  
Theresa May and ministers are now holding every British citizen hostage.They're holding a gun called Brexit to the nation's head and saying to the EU, "give us what we want or this sucker dies".We don't need to be suckers.One way or another we need to take the gun off them. 
Labour supporters in Scotland now favour remain by 74% to 26% and a People’s Vote by 64% to 21%.Our new poll shows the Labour leadership, and the SNP leadership, are in the wrong place on Brexit with most of their supporters, says @PeterKellner1 
Labour leave voters are ditching Brexit, claims former prime minister Gordon Brown  
Imagine if Brexit day came next March, despite all my warnings, and I unleashed an ancient curse that had been entrusted to my geological strata by the druids, and the skies did darken and moan, and clamour was rampant, and strife did reign amongst the nations. I’m just saying 
Scumbags mate. Bunch of condescending liberals who think they can get away with bigotry because they’re against Brexit 
#Brexit is such a mess, its hard right duplicitous initiators palpably out of their depth and the consequences of No deal so awesome that a recoil is accelerating. In the strangest of twists Johnson, Rees-Mogg, Farage & co are persuading Britain to value the EU - and kill Toryism 
This house that was built on a cliff in Torquay. Bought in a blind auction and months later, the house ended up on the beach below.#Brexit is much the same, we bought the house thinking it’d be great, and now we’re hurtling towards the cliff edge. It doesn’t need to be this way  
Man on bus: I knew we'd be 30% poorer when I voted for Brexit. But in my 70 years I've been through worse.Femi: I'm sorry, but you don't get to choose to make 65 million people worse off. Many of them are already struggling and voted Brexit to be BETTER off.What do you think? 
Chris Grayling has no credible plan for 'no-deal' Brexit, road hauliers warn'   
I’m a little concerned at how many people seem to have bought a fantasy ending in which Brexit doesn’t happen and everything all turns out okay.I admire the LSD usage, genuinely, but the come down is going to be horrible... 
New poll shows Scottish voters strongly support a #PeoplesVote on final Brexit deal:  
This makes me furious. Even I’ve read the Commission’s #Brexit transport paper. And it’s not even my job.Even if you’re pro-Brexit you must be against ministerial behaviour like this.  
It's not off-the-cuff, this is two years after the referendum. Two years of civil servants and businesses telling them what was required. Two years of fingers-in-the-ears from government. Two years of opposition twiddling their thumbs, too! 
“Details of EU meeting that blew away May's Brexit plan were suppressed before crucial Chequers summit”In summary the original plan would have hurt the EU so @theresa_may and @OllyRobbins came up with the #ChequersPlan. Oh dear.#StandUp4Brexit 
Your “top customer” is exactly that! As a business, we’re not prevented from trading with others. Current trade agreements don’t prevent my business from trading with Australia etc. Economic illiterates and their #Brexit fantasy ARE about to harm trade with “top customer”. 
‘If the Brexit talks break down a two-to-one majority of voters think the people, not Parliament, should decide whether or not Brexit goes ahead’ As the impacts become clearer the public is turning against Brexit. The will of the people increasingly looks like a #PeoplesVote 
Majority of Scottish voters feel ignored by UK ministers on Brexit.I've got news for you Scotland - voters in England, Wales & Northern Ireland feel ignored too, & so do those of us in the EU! @Bremaininspain 
If you are stupid enough or nasty enough to support Brexit we probably can't be friends. 
The EU’s #Brexit negotiators fear that they are being bugged by the British secret service, the Telegraph understandsNot only are they now running scared of a No Deal Brexit, they are showing paranoia on a Cold War scale#StandUp4Brexit  via @Telegraph 
Incredible thread. We were told by this government that a Brexit trade deal “would be the easiest in history”, but as the prospect of no deal looms the Conservatives haven’t got a clue what it means  
Incredible stuff on Brexit day planning from the (pro-Brexit) Telegraph  
Brexit has reached a dead end There are no proposals for trade, Northern Irish border or citizens rights.The summer charm offensive in France and Germany has failed. 
Thread. We really are being led down a blind alley by the Government with this #Brexit shit show. Only a #PeoplesVote with a #FinalSayForAll can get us out of this mess. 
Chris Grayling campaigned for Brexit and he's the Tory minister for Transport. Judging by this report, he knows absolutely nothing about either subject.  
Per polls,68% of those who voted Tory in the last election said to be Leavers. 66% of Leavers reject May's Chequers surrender. Imagine how much of a self-mutilating bubble-dweller you must be to lead your party down the path of electoral ruin?#Brexit  
Labour leave voters are ditching Brexit, claims former prime minister Gordon Brown  
Leave cheated, confirmed beyond doubt. Now British expats who will be hit hard are taking the govt to court to void the referendum result  #fbpe please support the hell out of this 
Aberdeen South Tory ⁦@RossThomson_MP⁩  has ignored his constituents wishes &  joined the hard #Brexit Brigade  Gove, Johnson & Rees Mog.He has become a self serving MP, bringing hardship to Aberdeen!                -You Just Can’t Trust a Tory-  
Chris Grayling - Transport Minister and leading Brexiteer - has a lack of grasp of the key detail on Brexit - including on areas specific to his portfolio. Whoddathunkit?   
EU fears Brexit talks are being bugged by British secret agents 
The vast majority of Labour members and supporters oppose Brexit and want a #PeoplesVote. The majority of Labour constituencies want to Remain.Who speaks for us? Right now, we're calling into a vacuum. It cannot continue. 
We count 7 tweets in 25 days from the @ShadowBrexit team fighting a devastating hard Brexit, one comment each from the Leader and Shadow Chancellor, no Press releases, next to nothing in the media.Whilst the country looks to Labour for opposition, we look in on ourselves. 
If you live in the constituency of Feltham&Heston, contact your MP #SeemaMalhotra and ask her to #StandUp2Brexit. She's doing a fine job on the DExEU SelectCom, pushing ministers to reveal details of #Brexit they'd rather hide. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON#GreaterLondon 
Astonishing thread. We're speeding headlong towards the Brexit cliff edge and we've got utter half-wits like Chris Grayling in charge of massively important stuff. The man with the reverse Midas touch. Yet more evidence of why a #PeoplesVote is a necessity. 
Just why exactly are you supporting a Kremlin funded, criminal referendum Robert Courts MP @robertcourtsWhat do you gain personally ?It is not for UK economic reasons or business because you are trashing business and the economy.Will you benefit personally from this? 
I know a lot of people will be thinking re Brexit "it can't be that bad I'm sure they'll find some way out in the end". Those people haven't met Chris Grayling.  
The people of Coventry voted leave, but now #brexit promises are falling apart & the true ramifications are becoming clearer they have changed their minds and the city is #remainernow This is happening in leave voting areas all over the UK. #StopBrexit 
If you live in the constituency of Batley & Spen, contact your MP #TracyBrabin and ask her to #StandUp2Brexit. As well as the Performing Arts, she has a particular interest in the young & will be aware #Brexit mars their future.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON#WestYorkshire 
I know for a fact Davis had to have the basics of the EU explained to him by civil servants. After he’d campaigned to leave it for months. And after he’d been made Brexit secretary. I don’t think the public truly realise just how utterly, horrifyingly clueless the gvt is. 
I know this is Grayling, but it is so like Brexit right now. A bunch of Incompetent, lazy, don't bother me with the details, I'm sure it will be OK politicians who should never have been MPs let alone ministers doing untold damage to our economy.  
After #Brexit apply to become a Food Warden people will be needed to distribute rations & check eligibility ideally you will be experienced in petty bureaucracy & have proficiency in firearms but full training will be given. Apply at local HQ Bunker#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival 
So he's clueless about Brexit, which he campaigned for, and transport, which is his brief, but other than that he's worth every penny of his ministerial salary. 
@Michael_Heaver came up to #Morley today to gather opinions of what my constituents think of Brexit. Some honest, blunt #Yorkshire opinions. Thanks everyone for taking the time. 
 "Chequers is NOT Brexit!" "People feeling let down" "I wish they'd get on with it!"Great @WestmonsterUK report from @AndreaJenkyns' Morley and Outwood constituency in West Yorkshire.FULL VIDEO:  Support us:  
No, the fact that he plans to ignore his own supporters and party and plunge the country into No Deal Hard Brexit (thus voiding that pledge and all his other pledges) fills me with dread.  
Sorry, Project Fear, we are not going to fall off a cliff-edge - Britain will thrive:  #Brexit 
There won't be any money Jeremy. Brexit will furrher tank the already tanking economy. 
Brexit could 'hugely damage' the Premier League warn top club bosses  
Chris Grayling on Brexit is every bit as bad as you thought it would be  
Hey I’ve got some hate mail as a result of my @dlf discussion today about #Brexit.I suppose I’m doing something right if I’m annoying ultra nationalists! 
Seriously considering a career-change. Shut up shop and move to Borneo and mind the orangutans. Family: Where you going?Me: Borneo.Family: For what? Me: Orangutans.Family: Why?Me: Trump. Brexit. Everything.Family: *understands* Safe journey! #OrangutanJungleSchool 
Of course Merkel wants a #Brexit deal but on her terms  Of course Mrs May showed the German Chancellor the #ChequersPlan before disclosing it to her CabinetOf course ReMayner May will bend over backwards to give Merkel whatever she wants via @Telegraph 
What do we call this? A START! A half dozen of us, and we agreed that:- Brexit Doesn't Add Up is an inclusive statement that doesn't mind how you voted before- Visibility matters! And so...- WE WILL MEET AGAIN NEXT WEEK, Parliament Sq, Weds 6.30pm to plan and divvy up actions  
Have you thought of giving him £700k to set up a coordinated wing of brexit to appeal to the doughnut Brexits and who can appear on Daily Politics every day? 
I’m still waiting for someone like @Anna_Soubry to explain why Britain should give up on being a sovereign self governing nation and continue on a path to ever increasing foreign governance by an anti democratic centralising EU. Until then #Brexit#fbpe 
Francis Atwoli: President Uhuru Kenyatta is now where we wanted him to be. Come 2022, if he will not have accomplished his mission of 'cleaning up' the country, we will go into a referendum to give him more years as President  #JKLive 
Francis Atwoli: Listen to me. We will have a referendum before the next general elections. We must  have a constitution that is all inclusive #JKLive 
Chris Grayling has no credible plan for 'no-deal' Brexit, road hauliers warn 
Aaaaaaah  #Brexit Who made this video? It made my day   
A senior minister is polling constituents on holding another referendum on #Brexit  
I read a great article the other day that you probably have read as well, regarding the Brexit dominant Swansea, where they have recently learnt that a £1.3b renewable energy project, that had been green lighted and was funded by the EU has now been scrapped 
If you live in the constituency of Oxford West & Abingdon, you're lucky! Your MP #LaylaMoran is already working to combat the worst excesses of #Brexit, but please write to thank & encourage her. #StandUp2Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON#Oxford #OxfordHour #OxfordWest 
I'm sure the good folk of Aberdeen South will wish to thank @RossThomson_MP at the ballot box for his unwavering support of a hard #Brexit. 
Telling people to shut up because they do not hold the Majority opinion is undemocratic.We are not all sheep.My generation didn't vote for #Brexit.In fact, 74% of the country didn't vote for Brexit.I'm speaking out for all of us.#StopBrexit#PoeplesVote 
Look at the surging growth rates in Poland & Romania. With these & pent-up demand being exhausted, migration to the UK was always going to tail off. What was arguably the main reason for #Brexit no longer exists. Time to #StopBrexit and return to sanity. #PeoplesVote 
Ruth Lea one of the Economists employed by the hard right Brexiteers, says ‘ I’m inspired by Donald Trump’. Her analysis is equally flawed. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
One of them, Kevin Hopper, who runs a major firm up in Yorkshire, said that he tried to explain to Grayling that if there is no Brexit deal then UK haulage drivers won't be able to drive in EU as their papers will be invalid 
I understand that senior members of Britain's road haulage industry came out of a recent meeting with Grayling where they were astonished by his lack of grasp of the key detail on Brexit 
Thread on Brexit, lorry drivers, Chris Grayling and no deal planning. If you think government's no deal planning is all fine and dandy, *read this*. Full story also below.  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of BBC BIAS.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
Strange thing.  Since the referendum we haven't heard much about all that red tape we were supposed to be escaping (and no-one mentioned all the extra we'd be incurring). 
Police have released the names of the women in question as .. Priti Patel, Kate Hoey, Julia Hartley-Brewer & Carole Malone  #Brexit #Toxic 
In a 3-way #PeoplesVote, the voters first choices on the ballot paper are :Remain - 23.4m peopleLeave with no deal - 15.4m peopleLeave with a deal - 8m peopleSo when it comes to the Brexit people want, by a margin of 8 million people, it's No Brexit 
5/. Output of vehicles for the UK market plunged by 47% in June, compared with a 6% rise in exports, amid a “perfect storm” of factors"Carmakers not ready for Brexit, says SMMT as UK sales fall 
Charlie is a #remainernow who has been vocal for some time and who I have shared content from many times before. Here he is with the latest in the series of @peoplesvote_uk videos of regretful leaver calling for a #FinalSay on #brexit.@charlievg77 keep up the good work! 
The absolute rubbish I'm reading on Facebook that Nicola Sturgeon won't announce IndyRef2 until after Brexit and that she "doesn't care". She has put her Country first before anything. She's playing the waiting game for a reason and I stand by that. This won't be won by one... 
...unjustified detention of 9 #Catalan political and social leaders for holding a referendum on independence. 9 others are in exile. More fun at night: bring a mask. Rip down "Democracy" banners.Too late to break up yesterday's protest outside the #Figueres women's prison!2/2 
Brexit means brexit, won't be too long until where paying for a chomp in monthly instalments 
THERESA May is preparing a sell out on freedom of movement after Brexit and is close to agreeing to a system which is almost identical to the current deal, MEP claimsSo much for May's oft-repeated lie that under her #Brexit meant Brexit#StandUp4Brexit 
Wow! Challenge absolutely nailed!We now have over 10k people who are either part of the #RemainerNow community or are supporting it here on twitter! Thanks to all but let's not stop here! The country has changed its mind on Brexit and let's keep making that clear!#StopBrexit 
 The deselections of Kate Hoey & Frank Field are an injustice. It will hurt the Labour Party & alienate millions of our Brexit supporters.  The process must be halted! My column for the @Independent: 
That increase over 8 years is almost a fifth of what Brexit will cost the average family every year @jeremycorbyn. But you’re not opposing that are you? 
Gordon Brown is right the UK's political leaders should "rise to the challenge", ditch Brexit and "reassert our sovereignty" without leaving the European Union.  
FM #EriksenSoreide is visiting #Iceland and today she met her colleague @GudlaugurThor. #Brexit, #EEA, Europe, #CleanOceans and #Arctic on the agenda. 
I don't hold Chris Grayling to blame for this. He's a Minister in May's disaster government. They have no vision, no decent policies and no workable Brexit plan. All they have is lies and smears. My issue is with the presenter. Why did they let him get away with a blatant lie?  
#Brexiteer Bridgen After #Brexit 1) Ireland will be 1% of the EU's population and the only English speaking nation in the EU and 2) Both of Ireland’s biggest trading partners, US and UK, will be out of the EUAlso, Varakdar is the EU's useful idiot 
.@ForeignOfficeKE CS Monica Juma confirms that  post Brexit talks willbe a key feature in talks between President @UKenyatta and British PM @theresa_may, during her visit to #MagicalKenya on August 30th, 2018 #TransformingDiplomacyKE 
I share with you my rejection letter from Oxford, 2012.I had equivalent of 3 A*s -  the interview is more important, I can say from experience.Rejected for Classics, ending up doing a PhD on Brexit @ucl Life changes. Take care of your mental health. #alevelresultsday2018 
For years and years Tory Brexiters and UKIP have pointed to Switzerland as a model for a post-Brexit future yet the moment May nudges the UK towards it they declare betrayal  
This is ugly. The strange thing is that Brexit appears to be about being able to trade across the world. Well the world is watching how you treat your own people and theirs - the ones who forge those international links. Who wants to come to the UK to be met with this?  
Every day you'll see remoaners complaining about Cameron holding the referendum saying he should never have held it, and every day you'll see remoaners begging for a second referendum. Weird lot, these remoaners. 
Can you support this court case to by the 20th of August to take the UK govt to court over Brexit? Be generous as this puts pressure on the govt and makes brexit more difficult.  
The many British Muslims who campaigned to leave the EU have been frozen out of the conversation since 2016, because they don't fit the absurd narrative about Brexit making us less tolerant. Thanks again for everything you did, @Muslims4Britain. 
David Cameron:"An IN or OUT referendum.When the British people speak, their voice will be respected – Not ignored.If we vote to Leave, then we will Leave!There will NOT be another re-negotiation and another referendum....because this choice cannot be undone."#Brexit #EU 
Anna Soubry is right. The Hard Right want to de-stabilise the Government in the interests of a NO DEAL Brexit, which would be the most irresponsible outcome of this BREXIT fiasco. The People do not want No Deal.  
Diplomatic sources have rejected suggestions that May could hold direct talks on Brexit with the 27 other EU heads of state & government at a summit in Salzburg in September.Dear Prime Minister,There's a clue in the name: European UNION.#PeoplesVote 
WATCH: Actor & Comedian Tracey Ullman plays politicians on TV, but rarely speaks out.But Brexit is too big a deal to ignore. That's why Tracey is supporting a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Brexit.  
My bunnies want us to have a #FinalSay because Brexit will impact their lives too! Vet shortages and reduced quality in food is bad news for all pets and pet owners!  
Lord Adonis - It's going to become increasingly difficult for Jeremy Corbyn to stand shoulder to shoulder with Theresa May on #Brexit when the living standards of ordinary hard-working Brits are being trashed.#FBPE @Andrew_Adonis 
Amazing how Brexiters have shifted their argument since the Referendum from soft-Norway-Brexit to Hard-Canada-Brexit to No-Deal-WTO-off-a-cliff-Brexit whilst shouting at everyone “stop patronising us we all knew what we voted for!!”How do they do that? 
Gordon Brown bankrupted Britain for several generations, to bail out the #banks that should have been allowed to go down without asking parliament or the people. He also dragged Britain into the Lisbon treaty without a referendum that turned it into a vassal state of the EU. 
This has come about because of the systematic efforts by some to thwart Brexit negotiations and a staggeringly useless negotiating stance. It is serious, but in a situation where a leader has been found to be acting against her own ministers it is probably unavoidable. 
Seriously believe that if whole of left gets behind Corbyn Labour policy on Brexit, gets Labour elected to Gov it would be such a transformational shift in direction we'd see effect ripple across EU. Wouldn't write off re-entering EU in a renewed reformed form at some point 
Dear @theresa_may @BorisJohnson @michaelgove @Jacob_Rees_Mogg - People can see through all the Brexit nonsense of 350 mill/wk & magical Brexit Dividends for the NHS & are aware that #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLawIf it is all about “the will of the people” it is time for a #PeoplesVote 
So come on @Anna_Soubry, please tell me what is SOOO good about being in train-wreck that is the EU. You scream/shout (literally) on the subject. Never heard you say anything useful. It's all 'hard Brexit' (such an irresponsible term) is really bad. So come on, lets hear it... 
WATCH: @charlievg77 voted to leave in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal because of the new information we have had over the past 2 years which shows the impact of #Brexit:  
Oh dear, looks like the pro- #brexit elite have had another rug pulled from under them. They can’t even suggest WTO arrangements that’ll satisfy our non-EU trading partners. The only way out of this mess is a #peoplesvote #FinalSay referendum leading to an #ExitFromBrexit 
Please don't stop campaigning for a #ExitFromBrexit, #PeoplesVote & #FinalSayForAll. Let us unite and fight this shambolic disastrous #Brexit.RT to spread this important message.  
FACT  What the Brectums haven’t grasped yet is that when you turn your back to the world, the world turns its back on you.“Of 140-odd currencies tracked by Bloomberg, the pound has depreciated against 130 of them since the referendum.”- Bloomberg, 14/8/18. 
A chat with my boss at lunch time put a smile on my face. A former NO voter has now switched to YES over brexit. Her husband d has also come to the same conclusion along side her mother! 
BFE: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them, broadcaster and journalist @gavinesler has just delivered a blistering attack on #Brexit in his @TheNewEuropean article. Our advice? READ IT then SIGN THE PETITION here:  
This is serious. A leadership contest would be grossly irresponsible - Theresa May must now stand up to Johnson & ERG; party must deal with entryism; MPs from all parties must unite against a “no deal” hard Brexit  
Of *course*.Look UK: you are NOT going to make any progress with Brexit by trying to circumvent Barnier. Even trying to do so will just increase animosity.Try coming to negotiations with a sensible position instead.#Brexit  
Most  @UKLabour voters always opposed #Brexit. Now they are joined by over a million more, says Gordon Brown   
Images have power, but so do you. Help us represent beauty as it really is — unretouched. Show your support. Share your  selfie. 
"Leaving the EU without a trade deal is nothing to be frightened of.  In fact, preparing for a "no deal" Brexit makes it much more likely we will end up leaving with the best deal possible of all"  
“Eurosceptic Tories are planning to defy @theresa_may by publishing their own alternative blueprint for #Brexit”“A paper setting out a framework is set to be published by the European Research Group of MPs and peers next month”#StandUp4Brexit 
Hey @BBCNews why aren't you reporting the Brexit catastrophe properly?  
European source says it is "completely ridiculous" that Theresa May would be invited for direct talks on Brexit with the other 27 leaders at next month's Salzburg summit.  
Brexit Britain More Tolerant than EU:  
Want to win a copy of Not Tonight, our post-Brexit dystopian bouncer sim? RT this, and I'll pick 3 random winners on Friday when the game launches on Steam!  
Britain is now ranked in last place in terms of wage growth. Almost every other country shows wage growth, apart from Spain, Italy and worst of all, Britain. Pre & post EU referendum: Real pay growth (UK):June 2014 - June 2016: 3.9%June 2016 - June 2018: -0.3%  
A poll simulating three possible versions of a second Brexit referendum all returned the same result: to remain in the EU  
Hah! It will be the end of the #Tories for generations, and they know it. Get used to the fact that #Brexit is dying. 
the #Tories depend on a tiny group of rich men to survive. Just 62 of them in total! Scratch a bit deeper, and you’ll find Russian oligarchs and their associates donating millions to the Conservative Party #DarkMoney #Brexit  
.@Conservatives Brexiteers including @Jacob_Rees_Mogg are set to unveil new 'clean' Brexit plan undermining @theresa_may.RT's @ShadiaED has the full report.MORE:  
Remember when we were told that Brexit would see the UK become "The Land of Milk & Honey"?Don't remember being told that the cost of milk would increase, as would the cost of sausages and other everyday items. No one voted to become poorer. #C4PV #SayNoToNoSay 
WE'VE HIT 75% OF THE CROWDFUNDER TARGET IN LESS THAN 5 DAYS!AWESOME WORK GUYS WE'RE BOSSING THIS LIKE #STOPBREXIT PROS!#BREXIT IS SO ROADKILL!#PeoplesVote#WeAreEurope 
More than one million Labour leave voters have abandoned Brexit, says Gordon Brown, who warns UK is 'losing hope' amid pressure on Corbyn to back second referendum 
NEW: Labour Leave voters are ditching Brexit, Gordon Brown claims 
His supporters say he is a man of principle. He should be honest about his long held positions; his unconditional support for the Palestinians and their actions, his opposition to Israel, stance on Northern Ireland and backing for a hard Brexit. 
Corbyn says "the way forward has to be peace through dialogue" and claims that sometimes you have to meet or share platforms with people you disagree with.Yet he refused to share a platform with former Prime Ministers in the campaign against Brexit:  
‘For the first time in many decades, Irish unification is being talked about seriously. That is the most fearful unintended consequence of Brexit for the DUP’#stopbrexit #PeoplesVote 
More coverage of @MargotLJParker speaking to @RT_com on #brexit  
Gordon Brown complaining that promises made during a referendum campaign were not honoured? We think the MSM might be missing an obvious story here.  
Canada's @JustinTrudeau has openly stated that #Canada and the #UK can go beyond a #Brexit agreement for “an even larger or more impactful deal”, potentially including visa arrangements & freer movement.#CANZUK #cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #UKpolitics 
As new polling by @hopenothate shows more than a million Labour leave voters have abandoned support for Brexit, Gordon tells @edbookfest it's time to address the root causes and give people hope 
"However badly he screws up, Chris Grayling stays in place. We can't get rid of him but we do know that he likes a referendum - a people's vote. So why not ask the people; have a referendum on the public ownership of rail?" ABC co-founder @MsEYates #skynews 
Science is a fundamentally collaborative & global enterprise & the UK should seek arrangements that create the lowest possible barriers to practising scientists seeking to move across borders #TogetherScienceCan #Brexit  
Theresa May's legacy 1) Weak leadership 2) Bold #Brexit pledges that turned to dust3) Worst general election campaign since Labour's in 19834) Leading the public and #brexiteers up the garden path over Brexit5) Habitual capitulations to Brussels 
But anyone who claims that Labour's Brexit position is primarily about Corbyn's Euroscepticism either hasn't spoken to enough Labour MPs or is selling snake oil. Fin. 
The actual problem the Labour leadership creates for Remainers is having a Labour leader who isn't willing to spend political energy on, for instance, arguing that your weekly shop is more expensive cos of Brexit. 
Also Stuart is against a second #brexit referendum because it would be divisive.You were the chair of an organisation that put up posters saying millions of Turks would come to UK!Aghhhgh   
The Irish are actually more worried about the effect on the border and potential destabilising of the GFA than just the economic hit. A double whammy so to speak. Brexit is deeply unpopular in Ireland. John Bruton a former Taoiseach has indeed called it a “hostile act” 
I know I’m a stuck record on this but Caroline Flint, Gareth Snell et al are considerably more important to explaining Labour’s Brexit position than Seumas Milne’s feelings for Schengen:   
More than a million Labour Leave voters - and rising fast - have turned against Brexit.  
Despite the fact that public opinion has changed, neither @theresa_may nor @jeremycorbyn support giving you, the British people the final say on the Brexit deal. If you want the final say on Brexit, and chance to stay in the EU, add your name today:  
Brussels rebuffs idea of escalating Brexit talks to leaders' summit  
Come find out how you can help us make those with power listen to the fears of people here of Brexit borders. Have your voice heard. All welcome - spread the word! Register at  
Gordon Brown claims a million Leave voters have changed their minds about Brexit 
I’m all for coming out of a pro western comfort zone when dealing with foreign affairs, but not for adopting a dogmatic anti western one. We don’t need a labour leader who’s prepared to share a platform with anti semites but not fellow remain politicians during an EU referendum. 
Of course, Angela Merkel wants a Brexit deal — but on her terms , writes @asabenn 
There are serious things going on in Britain like terrorism, Brexit, racial tension and keeping Britain on the financial straight and narrow.Corbyn is useless on all these fronts. Let's just ignore him form now on. He's a good for nothing, lying waste of space. 
Generation wars over Brexit - and beyond: how young and old are divided over social values   
I have a small lighting shop... European product... My costs are rising regularly and I'm not sure how long I can sustain it... brexit will destroy town centres. We need to stop it now, before any more damage is done.. 
If that’s the case then surely the whole referendum should be declared null and void. 
How Keynes would negotiate Brexit:•understand EU counterparts’ position•not to use UK past contributions to EU as a negotiating tool•not to expose UK present weaknesses•focus on the future•show EU that UK remains a desirable trading partner 
UK universities have already lost £121m in EU funding and #Brexit hasn’t even happened yet. A hurried gov’t pledge won’t stop the long-term damage to UK’s universities writes @LibbyCherry98, co-chair of Our Future Our Choice at Oxford University. 
Southampton voted leave by 53.8% in the #EUREF 2016 but latest polling by @BestForBritain indicates both its constituencies have swung #remainernow as the reality of #brexit has become more clear.It's vital MPs start to back a #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
Brexit must be stopped. Whether by our MPs having the balls to say NO or by a people's vote. I no longer care about how it's stopped as long as it is. It's madness of the highest order. Damage has already been done let's stop any more damage. 
And what does the current leadership plan for the #brexit UK. An example:  
Brexit 1947! Freedom achieved but freedom for all is still the dream. Jai Hind. #HappyIndependenceDay #JaiHind 
We will be at the @DenbFlintShow tomorrow with our Brexitometer, come along and let us know what you think of Brexit. @EuromoveWales @euromove @peoplesvote_uk @Bridgend4Europe @Cardiff4EU @WalesForEurope @Labour4EU @Plaid_Cymru @Swansea4Europe @Ceredigion4EU @Wrexhamforeu 
I trust no one supporting Brexit is complaining about the rail fare increases linked directly to Brexit inflation. 
We have to try and stop Brexit. But we also, additionally, need to protect those who are already suffering because of where they were born, or where they chose to go. Let's no longer fight over this, let's accept it and work even harder together. 11/11 
The tide is turning on Brexit. The UK’s most disastrous decision in decades can be reversed. But one of the biggest obstacles to getting it done could be Jeremy Corbyn – a man too stubborn to change, and apparently too entrenched to remove.  
Excellent piece by @jamesrbuk on why Corbyn will never change his mind on Brexit 
Six months ago in Dublin there were billboards in train stations etc saying 'are you prepared for Brexit'. Not seen anything remotely similar here in the UK - the place that is actually Brexiting.  
With the hero of Brexit @andreajenkyns today... 
A no deal #Brexit for us will be an immediate loss of at least 40% of our income. Ongoing research and practice projects will be abandoned. European collaborations will come to an immediate end.  Even our .eu web domain will be revoked. This is our reality. 
Join us at our #PeoplesVote NE rally in Newcastle on Saturday 25 August where we will be demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal:  
NO, NO, NO, we WANT a NO deal Brexit!!! Are you deaf? Speak to Jacob Rees-Mogg - he will explain it to you in short words!  
My column in today's @thetimes taking the BBC to task for its Brexit coverage  
"Of 140-odd currencies tracked by Bloomberg... the pound has depreciated against 130 since the referendum."Safe to say the economy is stuck in the slow lane because of Brexit  
Prescription glasses from $24 + free shipping. Why pay more? 
Are you ready for Brexit?   Is your company?   Here are some things that you should have started considering some time ago... Is your job safe in the post-Brexit world?  
Another indication that more and more people now support a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
"Democrats had a 8-point lead on a generic ballot for Congress, 45 percent to 37 percent...The Democratic lead grows, however, when the battle for Congress is framed as a referendum on the president."  
A no-deal Brexit will be a disaster for the UK’s young people | Franz Fischler  
i want a #FinalSay because right now we have the freedom to live, work & study in 27 different countries; is Brexit going to offer us a better deal than that??   
Merkel says if Britain is to have a good relationship with the EU, we "must commit to re-accepting" EU rules.There we go! German, oops, European imperialism intends to smother Britain even after #Brexit.How can we be sure any EU-blessed deal won't be anything but bad?  
Stop worrying and prepare for a no deal Brexit. That's how we'll get the best deal possible, says David Paton 
Brexit and customsThe EU Commission has proposed that the EU agree with the UK signing up to a separate customs transit treaty, as from Brexit day or the end of the post-Brexit transition periodMain text: Annex:  
Fed up of how this weak "conservative" government has handled Brexit?A leadership contest is inevitable. Join the huge number of our members already flooding the Tory party, ready to elect a true Brexiteer.Help put the spine back into the Tory party:  
Sweating like a Brexiter at a second referendum 
British Government analysis of Brexit options:•No deal, WTO rules8% lower GDP2,800,000 fewer jobs£158bn loss a year•Trade deal5% lower GDP1,750,000 fewer jobs£99bn loss a year•Inside EU market2% lower GDP700,000 fewer jobs£39bn loss a year•Remain in EUNo impact  
British expats in the EU launch High Court bid to have Brexit overturned. The word about the case is spreading!@UKEUChallenge @Bremaininspain 
From best to nearlbworst since #Brexit vote. Fact not forecast or fiction.  
What Gordon Brown is essentially saying that despite the oncoming catastrophe of Brexit, the decades of austerity to follow and being part of the worst economy in the EU, we should just continue to allow folk like Rees Mogg etc to control us 
Brexit was a unilateral act. UKGov have unilaterally decided to pursue it in an aggressive, harmful, destabilising way.UKGov have failed to produce plausible proposals.If you think this is someone else’s fault, you need to look at yourself and ask “is this is my fault?”.6/6 
All ages welcome to fight #Brexit alongside #EUsupergirl  ABSOLUTELY NO ridiculing is allowed of people that voted Leave or people who didn't vote if they are a #RemainerNow  people can make mistakes & change their minds - we should support them!  #WeAreEurope 
Brexit MPs led by JRM plan to def May by publishing their own alternative blueprint paper for Brexit, it will set out a framework for a full break with the EU, a vision for Britain with a free & fair trade deal outside of the Single Market & Customs Union, bring it on!  
Last week an EU official said that Brexit had already cost the EU the equivalent of the Greece’s GDP.No deal would harm Ireland’s economy 70-80% as much as the UK’s.Member States are spending billions in preparations.But Brexiters want you to blame the EU. 1/ 
Here's the letter I signed calling police investigation into the referendum for illegality. If you cheat in the Olympics they strip you of your medal. Leave campaigners broke electoral law making result effectively null and void. We need a #PeoplesVote to sort this mess out 
British expats in the EU launch High Court bid to have Brexit overturned  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage blasts George Osborne's Project Fear stories about mass unemployment, a recession, lower wages.Project Reality: "More people are in work and those who are are earning more money and STILL on Brexit, all we ever hear is a constant diet of negativity!"   
Thought of The Day .....................Never EVER forget what we are fighting for. We cannot let the Globalists and Liberal lunatics win. Onwards !!#MarksVideos #Jerusalem #Brexit #Borders#Immigration #England 
Justine Greening made it clear to voters before the referendum was held: "there's no re-doing it if we change our minds". And it's not even like she's changed her mind.  
Sure sign a referendum's coming: Gordon Brown brought out of retirement to dance on a ball like an old, abused circus bear. 
The primary reason I am embracing this cause is because of my children, who are around your age. The future belongs to you. Are you familiar with Our future, our choice @OFOCBrexit ? They are young people striving to stop brexit. 
"Though Britain’s populist revolt remains, for the moment, contained by a knackered party system, it is still thrashing beneath the surface. Whether or not Brexit is thwarted, things cannot go on as they were."@Tom_Slater_ on why Brexit cannot be undone  
Welcome a legal challenge to validity of #Brexit vote based on illegal spending by vote leave. Lies, cheating & falsehoods cannot be allowed to win #PeoplesVote 
Ahead of September's NEC meeting on the democracy review, I am asking members about three important issues & taking a quick view on whether Labour's Brexit policy should be debated at conference.  
How Keynes would negotiate Brexit  
Lord Mandelson calls for a second referendum#PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
The British Medical association are another nest of #ProjectFear mongerers who claim #Brexit will be bad for the NHs as a #leavernow I have tried and failed to understand the article and on that basis confirm they don't know what they are talking about 
As a #leavernow brexpert I would like to condemn  fearmongerer @donny75 who  claims his and many other businesses will be ruined by #Brexit. He  does just in time deliveries for a living whereas I've never done any ever so can say he doesn't know what he's talking about 
Many professionals whine that the standards of mutual qualification recognition will end with a no deal #Brexit as a Brexpert who never heard of mutual recognition and hasn't bothered to read the article I can assure you this is nonsense  
Since u asked, here is UK GDP vs EU countriesUK is NOT above EU avg either on quarterly or annual basisOh, and while we’re at it: I am not anti-Brexit. But I am VERY anti people who accuse us journalists of taking sides when we simply lay out the facts  
I'm very excited to be joining @ClimateHome to cover #Brexit energy and climate stories and more! And you can help us tell more stories here:  
Entertaining the idea of a second referendum is clearly a major breach of government policy...  
EU demands MORE cash from Germany: Merkel faces £10BN to plug BREXIT BLACKHOLE  
I've compiled this summer's no-deal Brexit scare stories for @CityAM. Some classic @LoveIsland ones - a Lab MP warning that next year's show might be cancelled & an anonymous forestry official backing up Haley's question about whether Brexit would “mean we won’t have any trees”  
I wrote something...  Hope you like. #FBPEPainting Brexit By Numbers  
Oh wow - Peter Lilley has been advising businesses on Brexit. This was the former trade minister who debated me and claimed ‘businesses prefer WTO’ and that the UK-EU FTA should be ready by March 2019 *if* the EU decided not to play political games.  
"It linked the housing shortage to rising NHS vacancies, with 15 per cent of registered nursing jobs unfilled and 12 per cent of positions at GP practices vacant."...and EU staff leaving after Brexit isn't gonna help#HealthierIN 
“You have to believe in facts. Without facts, there’s no basis for cooperation.”On Magical Brexit thinking - @james_ferrow:  
Lord Mandelson got it WRONG - there IS extra money going to the NHS as a result of Brexit - more than £350m every week!  
Well this is depressing but sadly unsurprising. Aberdeen City will be the worst hit Scottish city after Brexit. Twice as much as any other city. There is a way out of this, Aberdeen....  
“Stop worrying & prepare for a no deal Brexit. That's how we'll get the best deal possible”Says the ⁦@Telegraph⁩ As I’ve just said to somebody. There is another way than the #ChequersPlan. It’s called negotiating!#StandUp4Brexit 
Can Britain alone stop Brexit? Scottish court hears appeal  
Smug millionaire & California resident @JKCorden is calling for the BETRAYAL of 17.4 million people.Democracy demands Brexit. #ForTheNation 
As a major shareholder of an emerging markets investment firm Jacob Rees-Mogg is in line for a huge personal windfall if Britain exits the single market#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesBote 
People from Derry may not be able to access European Union (EU) health insurance, study at European universities at EU rates, or enjoy several other currently held rights, once Brexit occurs. 
Racism - neither the Tories or Labour have a leg to stand on. Tunisia / Munich - neither the Tories or Labour have a leg to stand on. Brexit - neither the Tories or Labour have a leg to stand on. Simply unacceptable that both our main political parties are incompetent 
Brilliant juxtaposition of articles in the Guardian.In the case of a no deal Brexit, UK citizens living in the EU27 lose their legal status from one day to the next.Cause and effect.Please support our campaign here: @Suewilson91 @BremainInSpain 
Another Brexit positive.  
My former constituency of #Watford had the closest margin of any constituency in the UK at the referendum (252 votes or 0.3%). Now thanks to the work by @BestForBritain it’s clear that margin is a huge 10% and no longer favours Leave. It’s time for a #PeoplesVote. 
Another attempt to stop Brexit. Apparently outspending the leave side by more than £5 million wasn't enough of an unfair advantage for the remain side! 
Just awful. My heart is breaking for this woman and her children. A frightening and predictable effect of  Brexit xenophobic hate discourses. When are the British going to wake up to what they’ve become?  
You can argue about #Brexit until you're blue in the face. But the Treasury has made its own assessment: it's buying euros.  
In the event of a no-deal Brexit the pound could be weakened further   
1/ It has gone largely unnoticed that #Brexit is closely tied to climate change denial.55 Tufton Street in Westminister is home to 8 right-of-centre organisations combining support for #Brexit and climate change denial#55TuftonSt #PeoplesVote 
Jihadi Jacob of the Brexit Taliban moving assets abroad will one day be viewed in the same light as those who shorted airline stocks the day before 9/11.  
Someone who’ll fight Brexit? JUST A THOUGHT  
Walk away.  only way ....  LORD LILLEY If we leave the EU without a Brexit deal we could end up £40bill­ion better off  
More evidence that Aberdeen is going to be particularly hard hit by the kind of hard Tory Brexit most favoured by Aberdeen South MP, Ross Thomson.  
I was debating the other day with a Swedish Teacher who was banging on about how Brexit was going to have a poor effect on the U.K.I asked him about Sweden and he said everything is fine.Well he was wrong about Brexit and even more wrong about Sweden.Action must be taken NOW.  
Join us in Edinburgh this Saturday to rally for a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
The big mystery now is why Labour, having seen that most Leave-Labour constituencies are now firmly against Brexit, still fail to come out against it.Theories? 
Joe Anderson, mayor of Liverpool:"This is not about asking the same question over and over again; it’s about offering a chance to approve how the UK will be governed after 2019 - a discussion that never took place during the referendum campaign."  
The EU has already offered Britain a Canada-style Free Trade Agreement - former Brexit minister David Jones says this should be the starting point for our negotiations.  
Fantastic to see Reggae Reggae sauce creator @levirootsmusic come out in support of a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. Delicious. #FFS 
But ... the EU is bringing in new rules  to tackle them next year, John! But you support Brexit, which means they'll continue to avoid tax!#LeaversAreLoonies 
Great to see Aberdeen reaping the benefits of Brexit.A huge thank you to Aberdeen South MP Ross Thomson for doing all he can to deliver a hard Brexit.  
"The BBC is sometimes so afraid of its own shadow that it fails in its mission to inform and educate the public. This has been especially so over Brexit, so it is encouraging that the BBC’s new editorial director recognises some of the problems."  
"With the risk of a 'no-deal' Brexit increasing, any subsequent squeeze on incomes and rise in unemployment could turn the region’s housing market from a slowdown into a slump."  
Calling all Derry Girls, boys and those beyond our City. If you don't want any Brexit Borders here, help us get those with power to listen. We want to hear from you. Send us your stories, concerns and views to derrygirlsagainstborders@gmail.com RT Help Us Make Them Listen 
The real reason for the new Project Fear is to make "no deal" seem so unattractive to UK voters that they come round to Theresa May's Brexit-in-name-only plan:  #BrexitBetrayal 
2/ The economy remains fragile as a result of Brexit and @scotgov focus is on doing all we can to support growth. But there’s little doubt that opposition claims in recent months about the relative underperformance of the Scottish economy are ringing hollow today. 
“Getting ready to deploy the amazing Roundup!” [#glyphosate]A Defra minister keen to keep pushing Monsanto's poison. @natalieben questions what this tell us about the Tory vision for agriculture post #Brexit? via @aw_bell 
My constituency #RichmondPark is now 74% #Remain. @ZacGoldsmith How can you justify backing #Brexit when the vast majority of your constituents clearly don't want it?  
Beef and Lamb New Zealand - the people who're supposed to be delighted to work with Brexit Britain, are calling our WTO proposals "a trade distortion mechanism"  
Another scaremongering remoaner claiming that road haulage will be buggered by #Brexit he is just policy director of the road haulage association but I as a #leavernow know better than him as I've never worked in haulage in my life 
It’s Wednesday.Has the country ever been so divided? The ugly hate was doubtless always there, hidden beneath the rocks, but has now been emboldened by the reckless referendum vote. I refuse to believe that 17.4m want this utter madness.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Brexit latest: Rees-Mogg spearheads new Brexit plan with 'POSITIVE' future under WTO rules  
Here’s Jacob Rees-Mogg back in 2011 proposing two referendums on leaving the EU, with the second vote to ratify or reject the final deal.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Britain’s biggest electoral overspend/cheating scandal has still been totally ignored by her government. There are criminals making decisions on the future of this country for a Brexit that was won by breaking the law. British media has given more airtime to a wreath & Boris’ tea 
No, Mr Grayling, inflation is to blame for rail price rises. And Brexit is to blame for inflation. And guess who is to blame for Brexit?You and your hoodlum party.#ToriesOut 
Eurosceptic Tories are planning to defy Theresa May by publishing their own alternative blueprint for Brexit  
Spent all week defending the BBC against its critics but #NewsNight last night was a disgrace Led with whether Corbyn once laid some flowers at a grave or not Israel are killing children, bulldozing villages on land stolen in a war Oh and Brexit 
Effort to register EU citizens in alphabetical order reminds me of Bowerick Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged, in Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, who decided to insult everyone in entire universe in alphabetical order. Life imitates satire. #Brexit.HT @davidallengreen 
POLL: Is Brexit a bit like the English Reformation? 
Brexit: You have to question the competence of Theresa May and her cohorts. They use an advisory referendum as excuse to dump the EU, a vote splitting asunder all parts of the UK, causing its breakup, and then threaten to blackmail the EU unless given new membership that's free. 
A no deal Brexit means Britain becoming the only country in the world without a trade deal with anyone. Negotiating new trade deals can take years to broker.No trade deals means no trade. No trade means no exporting or importing of any goods, services or transactions. 
Wait, what did I miss? Labour has a WHAT on Brexit now?  
‘Further explosion in top executive pay’. Tory government response - Brexit, benefiting only the same executives, hedge fund managers & Rees-Mogg  
People across the country are changing their mind on Brexit. If you want the final say and the chance to remain in the EU add your name:  
If he can't answer questions about wreath-laying without all the poor-me theatrics, how in hell is he going to cope with a press conference in Number Ten on the economy or Brexit or Russian intervention or a terrorist plot or...you know, governing the country? END 
The UK government is now so fearful of a Brexit related £ collapse that its shifting its own Treasury funds out of £s and into €s.Our own government is even hedging against Brexit.  
Chris W: But the Munich terrorists aren't buried there or even in Tunisia Davis: That's a distraction irrelevant!What? But Daily Mail?! Oh FFS!Austerity Brexit Tory Bosses pay Up 11% children eating at foodbanks summer holidays Corbyn ahead in polls  
Rees-Mogg Plan For Hard Brexit:1. Set up funds in Ireland to get round Brexit.2. Screw everyone else.  
I am not hoarding food.  I'm buying more & putting it away tho.  I don't believe that #brexit will be allowed to happen.  I believe that we will get a #PeoplesVote and #stopbrexitSo I am storing food for the huge party that #remain is going to have....When we #stopbrexit 
No second independence referendum before 'early 2020s', says former SNP minister  
Our #Brexit legal challenge is live! “This isn’t about ‘leave’ or ‘remain’. It’s about rights, fairness and democracy.” 
No thanks.We are busy preparing a legal challenge against the PM.The EU referendum was not a lawful, fair or a free vote. Please help: @Suewilson91 @BremainInSpain @CroftSolicitors 
Croft Solicitors are representing clients in a court challenge against Brexit on the ground of the breaches of electoral law of the campaigns during the 2016 Referendum.  Read all about it by clicking on the following link: 
Record fall in EU citizens working in UK shows moving here has become unattractive since #Brexit vote. That’s bad for our public services and our prosperity. 
#Brexit question on Irish state exams earlier this year for final year school students...  
PROJECT FEAR claimed the mere Brexit vote (not Brexit itself) would lose half a million jobs.Today the percentage of unemployed people is the lowest since data collection began. 
Nine Greater Manchester constituencies that voted for Brexit 'would now back Remain'  
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote | Jane Golding  
Situation: Public services collapsing, 14m British people in poverty millions of them working poor. Millions on zero hours contracts. Wages stagnant. Brexit teetering. Crisis with Russia and over Iran. Govt dependendent on DUP.Media: Cover endlessly day & night, a wilted wreath. 
Corbyn's wreath thing isn't what bothers me about the fella. Corbyn's enabling Tory Brexit is what bothers me about him. 
Today’s Financial News in One Sentence: “RBS thankful for deafening distraction of Turkish debt, interest rate rise and Brexit ‘no-deal’ media noise as it quietly pays $4.9 billion to the U.S. for mortgage-backed securities misconduct – the largest ever crisis-imposed penalty.” 
Big Ben silent as the weed-whacker of wealth demolishes the tender shoots of hope. General Rees-Mogg proudly sings the Dies Irish: "Lo the day of Brexit, that day, shall my dosh in Dublin lay". His British upper lip stiffens my sinews though I still have regard for Ms Truss. Icy. 
Government economic impact assessment on Brexit:No deal:2,800,000 fewer jobs£158bn loss a yearTrade agreement outside the single market:1,750,000 fewer jobs£99bn loss a yearSoft Brexit (EEA & single market):700,000 fewer jobs£39bn loss a yearRemain in EU:No change  
‘They are a broken record, with no tune left to sing.’I totally agree. I just wish Labour could get its act together (by that, I mean a new leader and Shadow Cabinet, and anti-Brexit polices) and offer the country an alternative it can get behind. 
Just taken by a fellow european driver entering Swiss with commercial goods .... @mrjamesob this is the “ frictionless border “ so many pro brexit MPs talk about ( including @KateHoeyMP ) who claims we can learn things from them .... 
Corbyn not only refused to share a platform with Tony Blair. He refused to share a platform with the rest of the living Labour leaders. This led to confusion on Labour's position and evidence suggests that cost us the referendum.That's why his "greater good" line won't wash 
Disgraceful behaviour isn’t it. He says a no-deal brexit is ‘good enough’ for the British people, while his his actions show it’s not good enough for him.  
Glad to welcome British Foreign Secretary @Jeremy_Hunt to Riga, we discussed bilateral relations, BREXIT, regional security and NATO issues, Russia, Ukraine. UK is very good and trusted friend of Latvia, I look forward to develop our relations in the future   
"The basic problem is that Brexit, which was pushed by a dishonest referendum campaign, has practically no advantages for the UK. [...]"What now? Without a concept, Britain continues to teeter toward Brexit day." 
Hi there, if you were unaware, the brexit @A50Challenge is not about a bunch of remoaners trying to stop brexit. Strictly speaking, the case is about ensuring the constitutional integrity of the country by clarifiying the moment the Art50 widthdrawal DECISION was made. #Brexit 
Detailed and interesting analysis of the latest polling on brexit from @PeterKellner1 . 
If you support #Brexit & are against the #ChequersPlan then please get involved with #StandUp4BrexitOne thing you can do to show support is to add the hashtag to your name like @andreajenkyns hasWho will be the next MP to do it? @bbradleymp @RossThomson_MP maybe? 
If we leave the EU without a Brexit deal we could end up £40bill­ion better off  
Stock exchange 11% the rest of us 2%As Brexit engulfs us the concentration of power and wealth in our society just keeps growing.It’s time to change the rules- Our union is fighting for a new deal for all workers #TheCWU 
I see the Corbynista are still insisting that a / Corbyn did all he could during the EURef & b / he doesn’t want Brexit. I’d laugh if we weren’t so close to the Brexit abyss. 
Aint it funny...#SVPOL #MIGPOL #EUPOL #BREXIT #SWEXIT #DKPOL #MAGA 
Spivs who sold people a lie, saying Brexit would mean £350m a week for NHS, are now saying no deal could leave us £40bn better off.Like buying a clapped-out old banger with no brakes and then being told you could save money by not MOTing and insuring it. 
The Vote Leave vision of #Brexit is dead.The Chequers deal is dead.The WTO option is a myth.The NI issue is insoluble.Support for Brexit is melting away.There is no viable plan.#PeoplesVote 
Rather disingenuous because Starmer knows that ANY form of Brexit will do serious damage. Labour front bench missing a huge open goal here in not declaring the entire thing an utterly failed Tory project.  
Which blindingly bonkers unworkable, unviable, and unachievable barking mad Brexit are you asking people to stand up for? #StandUp2Brexit not #StandUp4Brexit 
'Incompetent cowards!' Trade expert DISMANTLES Chequers deal & predicts second referendum  
Every year, top bosses are rewarded with fat pay packets for average performance, while workers are shafted. The gvt should be working relentlessly to make society more equal. Instead they give us Brexit, another burden that will be carried by the poorest 
Next time someone bangs on about "bloody foreigners in EU coming over here taking our jobs & houses", tell them the EU country that has the largest number of its citizens living elsewhere in EU is.... The UK... oh the irony #StopBrexit Bollox to Brexit  
Fidelma Cook: "Brexit means England will stand alone, Ireland will be united and Scotland will be a nation again"  
Brexit in the form that it was sold is undeliverable. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My video for the @Independent after they endorsed the @peoplesvote_uk campaign. 
“I think a WTO Brexit is a good Brexit. It’s a clear Brexit. We’re in control of our laws, our money and our borders on day one” says JRM. Someone tell this twit that we ALWAYS HAVE BEEN IN CONTROL OF OUR LAWS, OUR MONEY, AND OUR BORDERS. He’s lying when he suggests we don’t. 
Young voter?  Despite billions thrown at the problem by the EU, as a young person you're 49.6% more likely to be unemployed in the Eurozone than in the UK.  #Brexit facts for young voters:  
Delighted for Ireland but depressed for my London I represent and warned about the consequences to the of Brexit and against the ingenuous assumption & Brexiteer lies of EU needs City so much that passporting would be allowed to continue as before.  
This is of course what #Brexit was always about: removing all our rights - employment, food and environmental standards - so there are no barriers to making profit for the few.  
#Leavers, imagine waking up one morning to find that the inhabitants of the next village had had a vote on your future. They'd decided that you may, or may not be able to stay in your home. You'd have to ask permission to stay and nothing was certain. That is what #Brexit is. 
Theresa May and the EU hope to dupe the voters with their next #Brexit fudge We are not stupid thoughThe public weren't fooled by the #ChequersPlan They won't be taken in by May's next (inevitable) #Brexit capitulation#StandUp4Brexit via @Telegraph 
Further depreciation of the pound looks likely, given uncertainty over the government’s Brexit plans  
Rees-Mogg's hard Brexit blueprint:1. Move assets to Dublin.2. Build hard border in Ireland.3. Scrap environmental & workers rights.4. Kick out EU workers from schools, hospitals & businessess.5. Accept Donald Trump's terms for FTA.6. Privatise public services inc the NHS.  
Abandoned by the government and tossed by the wayside by #Leavers who didn't care about fig for the consequences of their vote, fears grow over status of Brits in post-#Brexit Europe 
Here’s what’s unpleasant: the attempt to divide by pitting @BritishInEurope & @The3Million against each other, and this implication here that people like me will have more rights than Britons when the issue is that Britons are being robbed of rights by Brexit. 1/  
Just amazing and couldn’t be more accurate. Brexit means Titanic.   
A note to people whose savings are in £s......the UK govt is quietly converting its cash reserves from £s to €s to prepare & protect itself for a £ collapse in the case of a “no deal” #brexit outcome....  
CHALLENGE FOR FOLLOWERSAt 9pm this evening, it will be 8 months old exactly since I decided to start @RemainerNow Since then we have built a anti-#brexit movement.I would love it if we could get the 400 odd followers needed for 10k by this anniversary. Please RT#FBPE 
THE EUROPEAN RESEARCH GROUP Part of the Ladybird #brexit heroes series  
“Henry VIII managed to pull us out of a distant European bureaucracy... English independent mindedness has served us pretty well in defending our freedoms. Today’s Brexit is about precisely the same thing”#StandUp4Brexit 
The truth about why more Poles are staying away from UK - their own economy vibrant. Not #Brexit scare stories    
When the public enquiry into Brexit is in full swing aim a few years time. How amany politicians do you think will hide behind the defence of “I was there but I don’t think I was involved...”#StopBrexit#FinalSayForAll 
If the left didn't have double standards, they wouldn't have any standards at all. How does the Democratic party even exist. There should be a referendum to dismantle it, but it wouldn't matter because they'd just make another party and/or infiltrate the republicans. 
there is nothing i hate more than the idea that the determination of one's position on a particular issue requires a referendum on whether an individual person commonly associated with that issue is good or not 
“The basic problem is that Brexit, which was pushed by a dishonest referendum campaign, has practically no advantages for the UK, neither concerning trade nor migration” ⁦@dwnews⁩ 
Picture a world where instead of the government employing 8,000 new civil servants and 1,000 new customs officers to deal with Brexit, that workforce was hired with the sole mission of revitalising the NHS. 
Just imagine if every time you saw Theresa May on the news she was fighting to find the best way to support doctors, nurses and patients in the NHS. Rather than scrambling to hold Brexit together.  
Celebrating Brexit since 1947Happy #IndependenceDayIndia 
#StandUp4BrexitBrilliant short video from @RossThomson_MP, identifying exactly *how* the #ChequersPlan fails to deliver a full clean #BREXIT.Essential watching, + useful for comparison against any yellow leaflets that might materialise :/  
The Tories are using the British people as bargaining chips, This is  the behaviour of a criminal gang threatening to shoot the hostages if its demands are not met.  #brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
There is only one way to avoid becoming a vassal state - and it's not the WTO option. #Brexit #WTOBrexit 
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg speaks out. "Chequers tore up Mansion House. The PM referred to it as an 'evolution' but it was one of her big U-turns. This is so craven, weak + feeble."Meanwhile 17.4M Brexit voters wait for the @Conservatives to get their act together. 
Pic(k) of the day Celebrating Brexit since 1947.. Happy Independence Day...  
City of Benson voters supported the referendum with a 77 percent passage rate (752 yes to 224 no). #CommunityEquipped 
20. (7) Ongoing investigations into whether or how much foreign governments and other external forces, via social media or by other means, influenced the last presidential election in the US and the Brexit referendum in the UK, show that this poses an existential threat to the 
Ian,The UK will NOT leave the European Union on 29th/30th March 2019Two options:1. Ask for Article 50 TEU extension (as your eavesdrop suggests)2. Cancel #BrexitRT please if you think my analysis might be of interest to others 
A different leader one that actually opposes brexit? Call it out for the absolute collosal fuck up it is. WE NEED AN OPPOSITION TO BREXIT One that's not written about in scandals regardless of whether it's tory spinI hate brexit and everything it stands for its not left 
#TheresaMay has sabotaged #Brexit for long enough. If she carries on as leader we'll be left with a Brexit In Name Only and see #JeremyCorbyn handed the keys to #Number10.   It's time for a #Brexiteer to take back control of Brexit! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns 
#JacobReesMogg's #ERG is preparing an alternative #Brexit plan which you can  guarantee will be a damn sight better than @theresa_may's pathetic proposal.  Let's hope someone will soon be in government who can implement it...!  @ConHome #BBC #SKY #LBC #Tory 
Brexit for me means any government can trash the identity and integrity of the United Kingdom at any time. If we can agree on one thing it's that none of us trust government. 
What started my opposition to Brexit?In 2015 I worked for @ECDHRbxl. I learned my own country was helping Saudi & Bahraini gov'ts commit horrendous human rights abuses, that the EU was the best protection for our national moral integrityAnd our gov planned to scrap human rights 
This is a mess made by your party with its hostile environment and brexit. Own it. 
Brexit: a failure of editorial judgement - there is no stopping the likes of Lilley retailing his poisonous wares. There can be no doubt that he is devoting himself to spreading untruths but it is no part of the media's role to help him do it..  #Brexinfo. 
If Jeremy Corbyn announced that there would be a second referendum on Brexit under a Labour government, two things would happen:1. Labour would win the next general election.2. Britain would remain in the EU.#PeoplesVote 
Broxtowe (the constituency of anti-brexit Tory rebel @Anna_Soubry) voted leave 53/47 but  it's #Remainernow by 53/47. Just one of the leave voting areas where people are waking up to #brexit reality and changing their minds. We really need a #PeoplesVote 
#r4today Have you considered the impact of a No Deal #Brexit on oil imports?Everything on our roads & farms runs on petrol or diesel.Disruption to oil imports will bring Britain to a halt.You need to ask the questions.Wouldn't it be better to #StopBrexit than to stop Britain? 
“As a result of the looming catastrophe of Brexit for the island of Ireland, and the north in particular, it’s no longer a matter of whether there’ll be a border poll but when.”- Brian Feeney  
Big Money (including the same ppl who shilled for SiteC, like ICBA) is trying to defeat #proportionalrepresentation in the upcoming BC electoral reform referendum. Can you join the Leadnow effort to spread the word?   #bcpoli #prorep #vanpoli 
Central heating oil delivery todayMonthly payment going up from £95 to £107Usage not gone upSo huge % increase"At least we can supply at the moment" said the delivery chap, adding: "Might not be able to do that after #Brexit"Most of rural UK is on oil heating!#StopBrexit 
In shock news from our secret sources within Whitehall! Prepare yourselves for a hitherto unknown and devastating brexit impact. As we import up to 95% of our punctuation, leaving the EU will change the very essence of our communication. A #FinalSayForAll is imperative now! 1/ 
Like most things involved in Brexit, you're in a "Somebody Else's Problem field" my dear. Just wish we could work out where the generator is.  
Because changing nothing can change everything. Look for our Beauty Mark on photos of models that have not been thinned, smoothed or digitally altered.    
Fill me up zaddy  — Everyday sex,  ask me about my views on Brexit  
A local forest ranger is found dead from horrendous Twitter burns. Suspicion falls on Midsomer Abbas’s duck-call society, angry that a busload of daleks might threaten the possibility of Victorian civilization being re-established following Brexit. 
That’s it you Brexit Idiots, vote away your own existence  
Corbyn's done well as Labour leader hasn't he. Miles ahead in the polls, an assured progression of attacks on the govt re Brexit with his firm grip of policy, a fine Parliamentary performer, steady hand with no hint of confusion or scandal related to his past  
Brexit latest: Rees-Mogg spearheads new Brexit plan with 'POSITIVE' future under WTO rules  
Bloody EU! The way they called an unnecessary referendum and made impossible promises then imposed all these self-contradictory red lines in the Mansion House speech then let hardcore Brexiters push them further into demanding the impossible! They’re forcing us into No Deal! pic.twitter.com/y7QNCRoea0 
Forgive me a moment of intemperate language but IT’s NOT F***ING “SIMPLE”. Why does never a day pass without someone telling me “oh, it’s simple”? It’s not. It’s complicated. Brexit is f***ing complicated. When you say it’s “simple” you’re one of the reasons it’s complicated. 
A government is supposed to deal with unique threats to the national interest, not create them.They created Brexit. They are arsonists posing as the fire brigade. 
Nice spot on the @Telegraph's hope for an "English Reformation" style #Brexit  by @JimMFelton and @EuropeanBriton 
British expats in EU launch #Brexit legal challenge. Well done @BremainInSpain & Sue. Didn't know about this challenge. @RemainInFrance@BritishInEurope 
A no-deal #Brexit is a terrorist style threat to throw the hostages (the British people) off the cliff. It is not politics or government, it is crime.  #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Any #Brexit will make the UK a poorer and less civilised society and help to break up the UK. So that's what you stand for Keir - a poorer, less civilised England, on its own outside the EU. That's monstrous. Just monstrous. 
When more findings of the multiple *regulatory and criminal investigations* are released, the referendum will be vitiated and A50 withdrawn. #BrexitFraud 
David Icke Talks To Radio Sputnik About A No Deal #Brexit  
We really must back Nicola’s judgement on this. Two things suggest delay; population demographics and the probable inevitability of Brexit being a coo’s erse!  
Orwell also observed something else that would apply particularly well to this wealthy noble Lord and his  blustering , bullying pursuit of #Brexit “Man serves the interests of no creature except himself” ( it’s from “Animal Farm” )  
Incredible spectacle: thousands of Catalans picnic outside Figueres prison in solidarity with minister Dolors Bassa jailed for organizing a Referendum. @guardian @nytimes @LexRietman @KRLS @lemonde @dailymail @washingtonpost @assemblea_int 
Lets reverse #Brexit because professors son is to irresponsible to manage a mobile phone. 
17.4M of us voted leave to take back control, not to surrender it indefinitely. Democracy demands Brexit. Join thousands of others: Rise up & join the fight #ForTheNation   
Jacob Rees-Mogg's European Research Group will present an alternative no-deal Brexit plan to MPs before the Conservative Party's annual conference at the end of September   
Extra Politicians will be on duty over the summer in light of the terrorist attack on Parliament and the work needed to sort out #Brexit    ..... said no-one ever 
May's plan 'WEAK & FEEBLE'JRM: Chequers plan deeply unsatisfactory as we wouldn't be leaving EU.UK subject to ECJ & #EU rule-taker.UK with NO say & NO votes over those rules.UK trade deals with other countries extremely difficult.#VassalState#Brexit 
This is such a great point. We have proven electoral fraud, Russian interference, illegal targeted advertising, a gerrymandered yet advisory referendum and nothing being questioned in parliament by the opposition party. #WATON #FBPE because there is no opposition to #Brexit  
me, sobbing: you can’t just keep comparing Brexit to the Reformation you, pointing at Brexit: that’s like the Reformation that is  
Hi @PiersMorgan & @SusannaReid100 will you please stop your daily insistance when you return to @GMB in September that "nobody has changed their mind about Brexit"?  
Everyone should try to read Peter Lilley’s article in today’s Times. It is a very clear and succinct account of the case for a clean Brexit on WTO terms. 
“Even a no-deal Brexit is better than status quo”The best article on “no deal” I have ever seen. Bring it on.  
For as long as #Corbyn is the leader of the #Labour party we don't have a functioning opposition. Labour has left us all at the mercy of the worst crop of Tory crooks in living memory. It is inexcusable and unforgivable. #Brexit 
The clips just keep on coming! Andrew and I contend the referendum result was at heart a justified revolt against the economic and social status quo. Essential to winning #Peoplesvote will be a viable programme radically to change Britain- but inside the EU 
Barclays set to become Ireland’s biggest bank thanks to Brexit.UK bank moving ownership of European branches to Dublin, bringing €250bn in assets  
Real pay growth (total pay):2 years June 2014 to June 2016:  3.9%2 years June 2016 to June 2018:  -0.3%Maybe sharp fall in EU migration post referendum will eventually boost wages. But no sign yet in the data. And there's a lot of ground to make up.  
"@theresa_may is drawing up a plan to keep key European Union rules for longer after #Brexit in order to break the deadlock in negotiations, a move that risks angering euroskeptics in her party."Now do you see why we need to #StandUp4Brexit folks? 
We are taking the Prime Minister to court for taking action on the unlawful referendum.If you agree, please donate:  
Brexiteers plan to challenge May next month by publishing their own positive blueprint for #Brexit, which allows for a possible Canadian-style free trade agreementThe paper is expected to have the backing of 60 to 80 Conservative MPs#StandUp4Brexit 
As more and more “revelations” emerge that Brexit would impact trade and standards: I can’t help but wonder; what the Dickens did people think the EU is for?  
People who compare Trump’s America or Brexit Britain to 1930s Germany sound increasingly hysterical. There is nothing happening today that is remotely comparable to the horrors that engulfed Europe 80 years ago.Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
Almost as if they realize they've been sold a bill of goods. More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to remain in EU  
The WTO Option and its application to Brexit:  ... "the WTO option is a very dangerous and potentially expensive option which could do significant damage to the EU and UK, the effects of which could be long-lasting." 
Once brexit is done and Corbyn gets smashed at an election and resigns, will twitter go back to how is was? Booze, food, innuendos and spicy memes? 
A favourite theme is linking Brexit scare stories, with UK services industry being 80% of our economy. Fact is, that sector's relationship with EU represents max 7% of our TOTAL GDP. JUST 7% !(a)(b)(c) 
I agree. And even if - as I accept - @thetimes wants to publish a range of Brexit views on its comment page, it really is time that it stopped printing articles like this (and the one earlier by @mattwridley) that are simply and seriously wrong on the law and the facts. 
Tory MPs in their 30s & 40s are apparently scared that if Brexit happens they will get blamed for it & will be out of power for a long time. That’s the view of David Wilkinson, director of Postcards from the 48%. Too right they will be blamed for it & it won’t be forgotten.  
Foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt says #EU needs to "change its approach" to avoid a no-deal #Brexit  
Theresa May is currently on the phone to Brendan Rodgers for brexit advice after C*ltic made a quick exit from Europe!  
Tory MPs Draw Up ‘No Deal’ Brexit Plan to Challenge PM May  
MUST WATCH - The lunacy of UK electoral law laid bare, it can take years for the @ElectoralCommUK and the police to conclude investigations into electoral fraud, yet there's a 28 day time limit in which to bring a petition to challenge a result after a referendum or election.  
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote | Jane Golding  
This is very worrying. Migration watch - once unmissable in UK media - believe that it’s ‘wrong’ for EU citz to have more rights in UK post Brexit. Two words: Northern Ireland. Everyone there can claim Irish (and EU) citizenship. Is ME gonna strip their rights? GFA??!  
Massive summer polls are sending clear Brexit message @InFactsOrg Where's the swing-ometer when you need it? 
While Westminster squabbles, the botched Brexit deal is causing problems and problems for Northern Ireland  
Please help our brexit legal challenge. We have kick off. We are asking for a judicial review because of the breach of electoral law.  
There simply is no end to the idiocy  Jeremy Hunt: EU must change its approach to avoid no-deal Brexit  
When I am a British citizen, whose choices & life will be impacted for the rest of my life by the result of an undemocratic, tin pot referendum, you can bet that I will be ‘interfering’ in ‘your’ affairs for many years to come. #YoureWelcome 
Brexit update.  
Unemployment has fallen to its lowest level in over 40 years, and @Nigel_Farage couldn’t help but remind George Osborne of his dire Brexit warnings made before the referendum  
Brussels COUNTS COST of Brexit: Five countries who will be WORST HIT by no-deal UK divorce  
Keep broadcasting the facts:HM Treasury’s own figures suggest that the cost per household of being in the EU is £317 per year. For this we get a lot! The cost of Brexit is estimated at £4200 per household and for this we get nothing. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Thatcher’s government wanted a "Managed decline" of Liverpool. It was only EU funding that helped it to survive and eventually thrive. A no-deal Brexit would be bad for Britain – and a disaster for cities like Liverpool. That's why we need a Final Say -   
Pro-Brexit MPs to set out plans for no deal  via @financialtimes. Rees-Mogg says a no deal Brexit is good enough for the British People. He advocates this after he has moved his own money away. He is the hypocrite of the century. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Great to have Reggae Reggae sauce creator @levirootsmusic backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Theresa May’s Chequers deal has many awful features from a transition deal to EU court jurisdiction to a common rulebook e.g. a customs union. One of the worst is the £39bn brexit bill we don’t legally owe. We have subsidised the EU for 40 years & deserve a share of the assets..  
It's weak and FEEBLE' Jacob Rees-Mogg LASHES May's Brexit plans in furious rant  
I'm so sick of Leave lies. Every bit of economic info is spun to give a FALSE pro-Brexit angle. THIS is the lasting harm done by Labour's hard Brexit position. If they opposed it, Leavers would be countered at every media opportunity. But instead they're given free rein to lie. 
Brexiters lied about £350m per week for the #NHS. What they really want is to privatise it. John Major said of the Tory Brexiters that "the NHS is about as safe with them as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python". #StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
We want those with power to listen. First up Eimear Hegarty, 23: "Separation, stress, division, a step backwards, violence and hassle. These are all words that come to mind when I think of what a Brexit border would mean for me."Read her story here:  
Commonwealth citizens in the UK were able to vote in that bloody EU referendum; EU citizens were not. 
It is quite clear that @theresa_may cannot deliver the #Brexit we voted for.I say it's time she was OUTPlease retweet if you agree#MayMustGo #Brexit #Conservatives #ChequersMeansCorbyn #ChequersPlan 
After #Brexit you will be issued with an ID card you must carry at all times produce when requested it will be needed for rations & medical treatment. You will be graded on your card by importance from 1 - 10 those graded 0 will go to labour camps.#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival 
The Tory, DUP and UKIP MEPs who voted against the EU's tax avoidance clampdown. #Brexit is not about immigration or sovereignty, it is about some very rich bastards wanting a #BrexitTaxHaven to make themselve even richer.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
MoreLOL, I love how the French are mocking us over Brexit here.Go on google earth/maps and search Rue du Brexit, its right there.  
For those of you who really miss your canvassing fix since the referendum those taking part in the Summerhill Occupation (including many of our allies) are looking for help going door to door over the next few days!  
Centrists:Howling with outrage at ludicrously misleading pro-Brexit Daily Mail front page because they hate Brexit.Mindlessly accepting ludicrously misleading anti-Corbyn Daily Mail front page as the unquestionable truth because they hate Corbyn. 
Thanks so much for the kind words all, and for indulging my slight hissy. I was about to say some things I would have regretted, and that wouldn’t have helped anyone.Brexit aside, how a government treats others is a good guide to how it’ll treat you if it gets the chance. 
As Jill Morrison writes, ‘Most people who've lived in #NorthernIreland understand the importance of the #GoodFridayAgreement. It's brought stability and peace. It cannot - must not - be sacrificed to #Brexit.’ Please read and share. Link:  #StopBrexit 
Coventry has changed its mind on Brexit: More people in the city would now vote to remain in Europe if another referendum was held #PeoplesVote 
My son just accidentally run up £400 mobile data bill whilst in France. Because of EU regulation it was capped at €50. Thank you to the EU commission. Next year the regulation won’t apply, thanks to #brexit - damaging to U.K. citizens in hundreds of day-to-day ways. #PeoplesVote 
The bastards behind it made the referendum advisory and are now treating it as bindingThese are the despicable rich 1% who want to avoid the EU restrictions on tax havens in April 2019The real reason#StopBrexit 
Remainer Hunt is wrongWe need a change in approach by the UK government, i.e. - 1) Ditching May's #ChequersPlan which is not #Brexit2) Replacing May and her negotiating team with committed #Brexiteers3) Ending scaremongering about No Deal Brexit 
detestable pinheaded hypocrite - Somerset Capital managed via offshore tax havens in Cayman islands etc - he will make out like Brexit bandit while actual working Britons suffer consequences of his fatuousness and ambition  
If all British people living in the EU had a vote in #EUref - as should have been the case - there would be no Brexit  
#Brexit is about a lying, cheating gang of rich bastards who will use any trick and cause any amount of suffering in order to slash their tax bills and tear up the health, safety, environmental and workplace regulations which eat into their profits. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Brexiters are essentially denialists: deniers of the consequences of Brexit; deniers of the present, with their sad little fantasies of how great it was during WWII; many of them deniers of climate science; and deniers of the dark and ugly forces they've unleashed in the country. 
BFE: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is the actor, @HackedOffHugh who after reading @gavinesler in @TheNewEuropean came to the conclusion that our current situation is "an emergency". Sometimes less is more. Please join us!   
Double the number of people DO want a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal than those that don't. You don't have to accept any old rubbish - you can demand more, demand better, demand different 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and his European Research Group are to directly challenge Theresa May with their own blueprint setting out plans for a Hard Brexit  
It doesn't matter.It doesn't matter if you can prove Corbyn isn't antisemitic, or didn't attend the wreath-laying, or has a plan for Brexit.It doesn't matter.The damage is done, because he's not good enough at politics, and that that. Unfair? Yes.But that's politics. 
Corbyn could stop Brexit tomorrow if he wanted to. He could bring the whole government crashing down by voting against the EU Withdrawal Bill. He had the opportunity to this over the EEA amendment. He abstained. Corbyn is Mays greatest ally  
If I could reverse time, Remain would win, but it lost; Canada++ would be our negotiating model, but there’s the Chequers mess instead. The choice now is between Chequers more diluted by negotiation and the WTO default position. Only the latter is consistent with the Referendum. 
#Dudley had one of the highest Leave votes in the country in 2016. Two years on @DudleySthLabour CLP has voted to support a #PeoplesVote at #Labour conference.The mood of the country is changing. #Brexit is not inevitable.  
As an ex-labour voter I’m fed up of people suggesting a “new centrist” party. I wouldn’t vote for them either, my problem isn’t that he’s too left wing, it’s that he’s a fucking idiot. The antisemitism and pro brexit bullshit doesn’t help either. 
Following the Brexit referendum the pound lost 10% of its value. After a period of calm, sterling is looking shaky again  
EU must 'change its approach' to avoid a no-deal Brexit, Jeremy Hunt says  
27 states have compromised to agree Barnier's mandate. Naive to think adjusting that mandate will be easy.No-one wants a No Deal, but, even more, no-one wants to see EU unity unravel.Hunt: EU must change its approach to avoid no-deal Brexit  
Mad Telegraph headline:So does Brexit mean...? - Massive turmoil across Europe- Gunpowder plot to blow up parliament- Huge divisions between England and Scotland- Religious persecution- Ruled by an Orange- Civil unrest - Boris Johnson as a modern day Henry VIII  
For the love of God, why the fuck should Brits (many of whom do fuck all) expect to live anywhere they like in EU countries after Brexit? The vote was supposedly to strengthen borders. Borders have TWO sides  
The stupidity of Sir Christopher Meyer is beyond measure. He is complicit in spreading the biggest political lie of the decade. #Brexit @sirsocks 
We are a small group of Derry women who have come together to ask those in power in Dublin, London, Belfast and Brussels to listen to us about how any borders in Ireland or down the Irish sea resulting from Brexit would affect our way of life.  RT help us make them listen. 
The Tories saw the Lib Dem success as the party of Remain and thought "we've got to get us some of that".Any halfway competent conservative Conservative Party would have a double digit lead over Corbyn's Labour. Mrs May is playing chicken with the electorate over Brexit.  
Brexit Britain: Unemployment Lowest in 40 Years, Wages Up, EU Migrants Down  
Brexit justification level: latest update. It may mean over a hundred years of bloody internecine conflict, executions and  thousands dying in a civil war but then we’ll be fine.  
Dessert should make us happy, not stressed. This lemon meringue pie is grain and refined sugar free, plus using @Icbinotbutter means less saturated fat and calories! You shouldn’t have to choose between your sanity and a second slice! #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
No Scottish independence leader since 1707 has ever had such a position of strengthIn government, YES Holyrood majority, triple mandate, YES/NO polls close, opposition fractured, demoralised. Brexit chaos, committed organised mass movement battle-ready to campaign. Gies a break!  
.@BuddingGenius is another person who voted leave, as she was led to believe it would lead to a #brexit dividend for things like the NHS, but has #bregret now she sees #brexit reality.Respect to her, takes a good person to admit they made a mistake. Another #remainernow 
Ok. Is it me or does Brexit no longer have any real people supporting? Is it only the nutters and tory loonies left? 
Two huge-scale surveys have been published in the past few days, both with exceptionally large samples. Both conclude that public opinion is shifting against #Brexit says @PeterKellner1 (via @InFactsOrg): 
Let's pretend a 'good Brexit' is possible. How will history look at us in these scenarios?: UK leaves the EU despite almost everyone believing Brexit is being done badly UK stops Brexit to avoid an irreversible mistake, then comes together around one solid Brexit plan 
Steve Bannon is a fascist, racist antisemitic organiser who is a key member of a movement that seeks to destroy our democracy. He is an enemy of our country who should be denied entry into the UK. Please sign and RT. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
 Let’s not do what our neighbours in Britain did with Brexit. Let’s actually have a plan that everyone can buy into. #Think32 
Digby's arrogance and stupidity is unlimited. Being opposed to the catastrophically stupid Brexit makes someone "ashamed of their nationality" but wanting to wreck our economy is somehow patriotic. I'm ashamed that the likes of Digby Jones have been given prominent roles in UK.  
The Brexit dream versus ...the Brexit reality #BrexitShambles 
British expats in EU launch Brexit legal challenge 
More delusional nonsense for Hunt. The Tories created the #Brexit mess - it's up to them to resolve it or make way for Labour!  
Cymunedau gwledig / In #sioemon2018 supporting rural communities. There needs to be a package of government support to ensure a future for #Welsh farming in order to combat the uncertainty brought about by #Brexit.  
Recent @YouGov surveys reveal how the country feels about #Brexit: if the government and Parliament can’t sort it out, the people should. #PeoplesVote 
British expatriates have launched a fresh legal challenge against the 2016 referendum, arguing that the result has been invalidated by the Electoral Commission’s ruling on leave campaign spending. 
"The Brexit vote was a kind of social revolt by millions of British citizens." In 'Saving Britain', @williamnhutton and I explain why we are currently brexiting. Available here  
I am against Brexit but I am also against people that either through ignorance or malevolence infer that the EU is fighting the alt right or showing any humanity in the refugee crisis. Moreover, Britain in the EU under a tory govt would help spread fascism to Europe not fix it.  
READ: Government approach to #Brexit risks crashing the economy. We need a #PeoplesVote so that the public have control of the final deal: 
Much of Essex voted leave but towns of Chelmsford, Colchester, Southend, Barking & Ilford have looked at what #brexit will actually mean 2 yrs on & have become #RemainernowThe people of Essex are far from alone in changing their mindsCc @EssexForEurope  
@The3Million stand shoulder to shoulder with @BritishInEurope. We always have been the 5 million+ citizens left in limbo and we all are Brexit collateral. If there is going to be a #PeoplesVote all of us should have a say in it! Is that too much to ask for? #InLimboBrexit 
FinalSayForAll was founded by Bloke From Barnsley @Nickynoo007, John Ling @grrrahh and Michael Moss @MintyTeaboy, three British citizens who were concerned about the 5 million citizens both in the UK and the EU who were denied a vote in the EU referendum of 2016. 
British living in EU launch Brexit legal challenge, citing Electoral Commission report into BeLeave and Vote Leave  
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote | Jane Golding  
Further evidence that Brexit is deterring EU workers emerged in figures published, with a YOY quarterly plunge of 86,0000  
Brexit update:Every option gets rejected by one institution or another.DUPERGEU ParliamentIrelandSpainHoCHoLPublicThe only viable option is to #remainIt’s really not that hard.#FBPE 
#InLimbo #781DaysInLimbo #2Years51DaysInLimbo"British expats in EU launch Brexit legal challenge.Group says leave campaign broke electoral law, making 2016 vote unconstitutional"We will not be silent. 
Expect some magic numbers from Minford and co, here's his EFT they "assume Brexit Britain has no tariffs on trade with the rest of the world, no non-tariff barriers with any country, and that border costs with the EU will be zero."!!! 
The Brexit mob still don't understand that the problem is not with the EU. It's the UK that will have to change its approach - by abandoning Brexit.The Guardian: Jeremy Hunt: EU must change its approach to avoid no-deal Brexit. 
Civil Service Headcount Still Rising in London  via @GuidoFawkesLet’s start reducing Civil servant numbers. They seem to all be against Brexit.let them pick fruit for a living. 
Hi there @Andrew4Pendle, We have tweeted you a few times to ask if you will #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #ChequersPlan. We’re upset that we have not heard from you.Please can you let us know if you will back our campaign and tell us if you will respect the #Brexit vote?  
The @thetimes should know there's no need for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg to draw up a hard Brexit blueprint.  It's already been implemented by the company he founded, Somerset Capital Mgt (SCM). SCM have set up an investment fund in Dublin to avoid being cut off from European investors 
Racism is alive and well in the UK. And not just Muslims being targetted. Sikhs too. Racists feel emboldened by Brexit and comments made by public figures against religious attire. Today they come for the veil, tomorrow they will come for your turban!  
Why can’t every Championship team have a double-barrelled name?Big-spending Nottingham ForestFrank-Lampard’s Derby CountyDog-bothering Norwich CityPoor-loathing ReadingFamily-marrying RotherhamFailure-addicted Sheffield WednesdaySelf-harming Hull CityBrexit-voting Boro 
MPs have the power to stop Brexit this Autumn. It's up to you to make sure they do. Tell your MP this is #NotMyBrexitSign up here: 
Brexit deal should be flexible, open to adjustments: Merkel  
A no-deal Brexit would be bad for Britain – and a disaster for cities like Liverpool. That's why we need a Final Say | @mayor_anderson 
Leave campaign broke the law beyond "reasonable doubt". Referendum result should not stand. If this had been a general or local election, the result could have been declared null & void. Help us take May to court by donating to our crowd-funder. Thanks!  
1/ Some news!Vote Leave was found beyond reasonable doubt to have broken electoral rules.In an election or local authority referendum this could lead to the vote being annulled. But not in EU Referendum.I’m acting in a legal claim to challenge that.  
There are so many things we should be discussing as a country (like housing, NHS and Brexit) yet we're stuck with stories about a shameless terrorist sympathiser who won't resign and whether we should suspend someone in office for making a joke. This is just beyond ridiculous. 
*BREAKING* Are you happy the EU referendum was carried out lawfully? Neither are we & that is why our chair @Suewilson91 & other British citizens living in the EU27 are taking the PM to court.We need your help. Please donate:  
Conquer every drive with the bold performance of the All-New BMW #X5. 
Leavers haven’t understood that when you turn your back to the world, it turns its back to you. The UK will forever be less respected, less influential, less sovereign, less democratic and poorer no matter what happens with Brexit. 
If you haven't seen Guardian exclusive, Brits in EU are taking May to court. We are challenging the legality of the referendum, based as it was on cheating. Please donate to help us raise funds for this important legal challenge. @BremainInSpain 
British citizens living in the EU launch Brexit legal challenge. Please donate to help us take Theresa May to court.  
Incidentally the author of the Brexit Central piece containing factual errors about the WTO, Ruth Lea, is a member of the advisory panel to the Department for International Trade. Consider that one for a moment. 
#Brexit remains official DUP policy, but fear of the consequences of crashing out, for the economy and for the status of the inner-Irish border, not to mention relations with the rest of the UK, is growing. 
British expats in EU launch Brexit legal challenge  
We're not anti-Brexit and never have been. We didn't take a view on the referendum and still don't. We *have* asked our members what they think of Brexit. Only 1 in 10 thinks it'll be positive. The important thing is we need a deal for aviation.  
Rees-Mogg's ERG is preparing an alternative Brexit plan which you can guarantee will be a damn sight better than May's pathetic proposal. Let's hope someone will soon be in government who can implement it... Support us at  
Chair of the Low Pay Commission tells me:- Brexit inflation could eat into future wage hikes- Any Brexit shock will "inevitably" hit worst-off the most- It is harder to set NMW due to Brexit uncertainty in the data- Problems with enforcement remain 
.@GovRicketts’s death penalty debacle is an embarrassment for Nebraskans. The state legislature overrode a veto and abolished capital punishment. Ricketts launched a personal vendetta, funded a pro-death penalty referendum, and tried to unseat anti-death penalty legislators. 
UK applicants for German citizenship2012: 3252013: 4602014: 5152015: 6222016: 2,865 (Brexit vote)2017: 7,493(@Destatis, 2018) #0urWorld #Brexit 
"The Permian Mass Extinction was the first Brexit. And even though 96% of the world's species died out, life found a way then and it'll do so again. Bring on the meteorites."  
Yesterday I was talking to a class of 40 Chinese university students. On the topic of Brexit their international perspective was that they didn't understand why we'd leave such an important trading block, and that the only UK export they could think of was Downton Abbey  
I’ve got a good stock of alternative beer mats that are about to replace his new brexit oneAll of his last brexit beer mats magically vanished from all his pubs in London  
Because if you voted leave or you voted remain....no one would sign a contract without reading the fine print first. We as citizens deserve to know what that fine print is before our government plunges us into their covert Brexit deal  #PeoplesVote 
Fight for Brexit. Please RT.  
The tide is turning...cold light is shining on the farce that is #Brexit and all its internal contradictions are exposed. If you cannot see the madness it is because you have abandoned reason. A #PeoplesVote is our way to redemption. 
Most citizens living abroad, but when we give a referendum to vote on how we relate to the countries they live in...  we deny them a voice.That's #Brexit that's how we Brits work. 
Theresa May has sabotaged Brexit for long enough. If she carries on as leader we'll be left with a Brexit In Name Only and see Jeremy Corbyn handed the keys to Number 10. It's time for a Brexiteer to take back control of Brexit!  Support us at  
If a referendum on EU membership, how would you vote?UKRemain 47 Leave 41GermanyRemain 55 Leave 23FranceRemain 49 Leave 26DenmarkRemain 60 Leave 26SwedenRemain 56 Leave 28FinlandRemain 53 Leave 28YouGov Jul 19-26 
it amazes me how weak the argument for brexit is..  
Scots cant win,,our votes are ignored our tories are not held to account,,snp are hounded by bias media,half of scots voters are ignored and smeared.It seems to me the only way is out for scotland and leave brexit to those who voted for it 
The changing Brexit priorities of the British people. Frictionless trade now top. Immigration down to fourth. Remaining in Single Market is the answer.  
For the British public, preventing a hard border in Ireland ranks 8th, the lowest among named Brexit priorities (above only 'Other'). - @YouGov 
Plot Twist: Remember when Brexiters kept sending us graphs showing that most constituencies supported Brexit?  
Remain lies abound in the infamous Treasury propaganda document produced in May 2016 before the referendum. Too many lies to fit into a single tweet.  #remainreferendumlies 
'Clear support' for people's vote on Brexit, Wycombe Lib Dems say after weekend 'Brexitometer' campaign  
With huge internal divisions in the @Conservatives , how can we know that they are focused on delivering what the country needs regarding #Brexit? We must demand better, including the opportunity for the people to have the final say on the deal, and the chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
How to get a #Brexit deal - the flow diagram, based on where things are at the moment  
With Gary Young at Newbigging Farm. Talking Brexit and seasonal workers. It’s not just the fruit farms that will suffer if we don’t get a SAW scheme  
Eh?!?42,000 more people in workBut   86,000 Less EU workers.I thought the country was suppose to come to a grinding halt if we didn't have EU workers here?!?!#ProjectFear #Brexit 
Boy, this is just crazy: „the UK visa authority almost perfectly fits the description that Douglas Adams famously gave to his Vogons: "Not actually evil, but bad-tempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous" #brexit  
The state of Brexit debate to date can be gauged from the fact that most people won't realise the most popular two priorities are to a degree incompatible with each other  
So we've had "Brexit - not as bad as the bubonic plague" now we got "Brexit - not as bad as the Reformation"!WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH THESE PEOPLE? 
Companies are also having to pay their employees more. Brexit is beginning to work before we’ve even got it.  
What drives countries to (threaten) EXIT from international tribunals, as in #ICC #ECHR #Brexit #WTO #ICSID?  In a new article with Rebecca Hamilton  we go beyond populism and discuss also the role of tribunals themselves & how the are designed. 
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote.Er, no. If you think a country is going to treat you like shit then don't live in it. 
Tory Brexiteers set to unveil new Brexit plan next month as they prepare to ambush Theresa May. Brexiteers have to make the case for a no deal Brexit, explain to the public the benefits of WTO rules & take on May..  
Inside a self-selecting Twitter echo-chamber, it can feel like warnings about the consequences of No-Deal Brexit are indisputable. Remember though, every three days a major UK newspaper prints an article called "WTO-Only will be fine" by someone with 'WTO Expert' in their bio. 
The EU has been rejected a number of times in referendums that is why the EU hate to consult voters.  Norway twice voted against joining the EU & the country is doing very thank you.  Ignore the scaremongering over Brexit..  
2. Well, kiddies, lean in & I'll tell you the real story. The big bad EU wasn't always big & bad. Actually, it was really quite reasonable (if a bit inflexible at times) & understood that 4.6mn people's lives were at stake in the Brexit talks & that it had a duty to protect them 
Shocking.Protecting the rights of the @BritishInEurope and preventing a hard @BorderIrish are the least important priorities for the #Brexit negotiations in latest @YouGov poll.#BrexitReality 
The latest GDP growth figures since October 1st 2017 show that Britain has slumped to towards the bottom of the EU growth league, only ahead of Italy.We've gone from being the fastest growing in the G7 to this. It's time for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
No @UKLabour have repeatedly played the ambiguity game to keep party members in line. Time after time the carrot has been waved to keep the donkeys trotting along. Brexit would be dead & buried if LFB wanted it. They don't. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #RescindA50. 
Risk of no-deal Brexit rising, 'everyone needs to prepare': British foreign minister  
I am not bothered by it because your accusations are distortions and outright lies. What does disturb me is the benchmark you have set for yourself  because it leaves no room for humanity and makes stopping Brexit ignoble.  
Theresa May thinks her Brexit plan is the only option, but Tory Leavers are plotting to call her bluff 
I HAVE NEWS:Delighted to say I’m going to be presenting the People’s Vote Rally (for a democratic vote on the final Brexit deal) in Edinburgh this Saturday  
Protecting the rights of Brits living in the EU comes 7th out of 9 Brexit negotiations priorities we put to the public, ahead of only preventing a hard Irish border and "other" 
Only 20% see protecting the rights of Brits living in the EU as a top Brexit priority - and this falls to 8% among Leave voters 
MP for #AberdeenSouth @RossThomson_MP pledges to #StandUp4Brexit because “the #ChequersPlan does not deliver the #Brexit that the people of the United Kingdom voted for” If you want your MP to #StandUp4Brexit make your voice heardFind their email here:  
Why do Renew and this forthcoming centrist party want to both position themselves for after Brexit happens? The people that want new parties want to stop Brexit, not pre-order driftwood to cling to after it hits. 
INDEPENDENCE: Brexiteers developing alternative plan for proper Brexit.Leave voters deserve better than Chequers!  
Household bills in Scotland have taken a beating, increasing by more than £400 a year since the 2016 referendum. Scottish families are already feeling the Brexit 'price bump' in their pockets. This is why we need a #PeoplesVote. Please RT:   
Support for a referendum on the final #Brexit deal is now 2 to 1 among the general public (48% in favour - 24% opposed): 
Follow the nuance: Labour is edging towards a reversal of Brexit  
Your reward for suffering England's Brexit is being under Westminster's iron grip in a xenophobic isolated right wing hell hole. Your reward for suffering Scotland's independence is becoming a normal European country like Denmark.Your choice.#ScotRef 
We're here to amplify the voices of those worried about how Brexit will affect UK healthcare. Share your story here: #HealthierIN #LoveNHS 
#EU & youth #unemployment 43.2% Greece34.4% Spain33.1% Italy23.5% Croatia23.1% Cyprus22.1% Portugal20.7% France19.7% Romania18.9% Finland18.2% Slovakia17.7% Belgium15.6% Sweden11.9% Lithuania11.9% Ireland11.8% Latvia11.5% UK11.1% Canada8.7% US#Brexit 
Henry VIII;  centralised power. Took over a fantastic economy; “ took back the money paid to Rome” but by the end of his reign he had effectively bankrupted the nation. It remained bankrupted for a couple of centuries. He is very much a parallel of the Tories and Brexit. 
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. Our rights, and those of EU citizens in the UK, have been ignored for too long. A people’s vote is the only answer #PeoplesVote 
We Pakistanis are celebrating our own BrExit today...In 1947, we had BrExit and we broke India....utterly humiliating the British Raj and Hindu Zionists....In 1971, Hindus broke Pakistan. Now, it's a blood feud between us...there can be no peace till India is annihilated.  
This week we give a shout out to @Anna_Soubry, an MP who pledges to stand up for future generations by supporting a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. #FFS Thank you, Anna!  
Britain’s massive financial contributions to EU budget have been based on size of our economy. What EU have failed to recognise  is we have much larger debts than most other EU countries and paying the interest on those debts is a big burden currently £52 billion a year. #Brexit  
Project Fear lies exposed again as unemployment falls to the lowest level for more than 40 years:  #Brexit 
Folk are drawing comparisons between the most horrific moments in British history in order to “prove” that the UK can gut through Brexit. They suggest that it’s better to live in actual daily suffering than be mildly annoyed by an organisation they know next to nothing about. 
A dopey gran complained there were too many spaniards in Spain, demanded compensation from the holiday operator and WON, it's like Brexit in a nutshell. Daft people like this voted for Brexit and are now running the country, we can't allow them to decide our future! #PeoplesVote 
A lot of folk in their 50s saying “we survived World War II, we’ll survive Brexit”. Fuck off. YOU didn’t survive World War II. You weren’t even born! Many of you wouldn’t survive a mild jog never mind a war. You’d burst into tears if you had to go a week without a takeaway. 
Some would suggest that Brexit is bad for the ordinary people of this country. Reality would beg to differ.  
People are already poorer due to the Brexit vote, you unfunny thick twat! pic.twitter.com/mdbapklN3e 
Everyday items increased in price since #Brexit vote. Additional costs are hitting people everywhere. Clear we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
Conservative Brexiteers plan to challenge Theresa May directly by publishing their own “positive” blueprint for a hard Brexit, outlining the advantages to Britain of leaving the European Union on World Trade Organisation terms. 
Corbyn’s “I was present but don't think I was involved” could also be a fair summary of his campaigning for a Remain vote in the 2016 referendum. 
The truth about the referendum grows more obvious by the day -  it was held to save the Tory Party, not to save the country. And it has done neither of those things.  
1/ here is @LilleyPeter writing nonsense about no-deal Brexit and #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK & 1.2m @BritishInEurope. How can rights that rely on bilateral agreements be granted unilaterally?  
"It’s telling that, along with our sister group @the3million, our requests for meetings with Theresa May, the Brexit secretaries and the Home Secretary have gone unanswered."#Brexit is ruining the lives of UK citizens in Europe.And noone in charge cares.#EUcitizensChampion 
Multiple sources now reporting that the UK govt so fears a £ collapse in the coming months with a potential no deal #brexit that its shifting its OWN funds out of £ and onto €s.Think about that for a minute... 
Lowest unemployment figures for 43 years and productivity up ... It's that pesky #Brexit effect again  
If we do as Anning says and have a referendum on stopping all immigration, can we backdate it to 25 January 1788? 
I am a British citizen, my children are Danish citizens and my partner is Swedish. My pension scheme (30+ years) is in Denmark, my current location and work is in Sweden. After Brexit I have no idea what my rights will be or how it will affect my family. 
Nah, not with the kicking he's taken lately.When the General  Election is called, and when May screws up Brexit, Labour will storm it. 
Productivity. Wages can never rise above the value of the work done. Wages won't rise until productivity does. Productivity won't rise until businesses invest. Businesses won't invest until Brexit is taken out back and shot. 
Wait, didn't @peoplesvote_uk say Brexit is causing mass unemployment?....Crikey, this is a bit embarrassing for them! 
The English Reformation was the first Brexit – we survived our break from Europe then, and we'll do so again says Giles Fraser 
This is a very important point. If falls in immigration result in increases in *nominal* wages (no evidence they have yet) but also increases in inflation, then there's no boost to real wages.[Since Brexit vote, data have shown falls in both immigration *and* real wage growth]  
The UK should leave the European Arrest Warrant system as soon as possible. It is unacceptable for Britons to be extradited to deeply corrupt southern and eastern European countries where justice is a joke.  #Brexit 
I see that instead of claiming brexit will improve our lives we’re back to arguing that if we can survive spurious examples from history when Henry the fucking 8th was in charge we won’t be completely fucking annihilated by it. Let the good times fucking roll. pic.twitter.com/A54fRsLqZK 
"There would probably be very few sheep left in Northern Ireland, it's as bad as that."A no-deal Brexit could virtually wipe out sheep farming in Northern Ireland  
This poor gentleman had his sat nav sabotaged due to #Brexit. I hear it was down to Boris Johnson and Steve Bannon.  
The Establishment on both sides of the Channel are terrified of Britain leaving the EU - they know just how damaging it will be to the Brussels' political project.In terms of GDP, Brexit is equivalent to 19 of the smaller Member States leaving!  
Fascism . Call it by its name , only then can we fight it . Brexit , Trump , Turkey , Russia, Australian Senator : they're all advocating and legitimising fascism . If you're not frightened you're not paying attention. Time to stand up and be counted. #StopBrexit 
Just a thought. And I wait for the fusillade of abuse. After Brexit do we go back to Farenheit and Imperial measure? Always look on the bright side of life  
Right Jeremy, time's up, you've had your fun, now do the honourable thing and bog off so the Labour Party can focus on Brexit instead of wasting time firefighting your historical cock ups. 
Is there a good reason why this nonsensical and disingenuous article in the Times by Peter Lilley advocating a WTO terms Brexit not yet been given the rubbishing it deserves?  
 This was the Spanish Government's response to the Catalan referendum: over 1,000 civilians injured, 9 political prisoners & 7 exiles. If you believe in democracy, please RT to spread the word. [Full video: ] 
The referendum result split the country roughly in half. On that basis it could never be the will of the people. A half decent PM would have worked with the result to deliver a solution that satisfied the whole country.A dreadful PM has managed to piss off everyone. 
Following on from our statement last night, read our opinion piece - Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote. 
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote. Our @britishineurope Chair Jane, writes in the Guardian about why we can no longer remain neutral.  #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
So if I read this right, post Brexit we would want to negotiate trade with our neighbours, and logic dictates we go for the close ones first. So assuming the Brexit dogma won't allow going straight to the EU27, are we therefore doubly screwed straight from the off? Christ. 
Today in Pakistan #Brexit  Happy independence day Pakistan! (sent by my father in law)  
"Black man" arrested by armed police over likely terror attack on Westminster. Going to be hard to blame Russia or Brexit for this one! 
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote  
Another example of how the ref was rigged.  Fake news memes were used to convince people that animal welfare would be better post #brexit when the opposite is true. That's how this Leave vote was created. That's how the ref was warped. It was never right. We knew it then. #FBPE 
Brexit is a bit like selling your house at an enormous loss because you didn’t like paying a mortgage on it. And then being in complete denial that you’ve now got no money to buy a new home because you’ve just given away a house that gave you stability, shelter and security. 
Pesky Brexit  
Hello new followers. As you may have gathered, I'm not a big fan of Corbyn. I also don't like: our present government, Tories in general, Boris Johnson in particular, islamophobia, and I think Brexit will be a disaster if we don't stop it. You can unfollow me now, it'll save time 
Conservative Brexiteers plan to challenge May directly by publishing their own “positive” blueprint for a hard Brexit  
Brexit is a bit like 17,410,742 people falling for an internet get-rich-quick scam. 
Another terrorist attack in Westminster, the PC mob will be blaming Brexit before long. The terrorist should be walloped but he'll be in a nice comfy cell with a 50 inch television and Sky Sports. Jeremy Corbyn will be moaning about his 'human rights'. Granite Brexit needed! 
Theresa May was on the BBC One show May 2017We brought this over from Germany on Ciaran’s van and took it to Broadcasting house⁦@mrjamesob⁩ ⁦@brexit_sham⁩ ⁦@BrexitBin⁩ 
Suggestions for the "car incident" at Westminster this morning?1. Man was mentally unwell.2. Man was unhinged by Brexit3. Man was bullied as a child4. Man was subjected to waycism5. Man became gender fluid due to speed limits.  
There’s no chance Brexit will be beneficial for the country when economic uncertainty in the lead up to it has already negatively impacted British people; incomes are stagnating and have fallen for 30% of households. It’s not too late to #ExitFromBrexit 
“Should a Brexit deal be reached between Britain & EU, to what extent would you support/oppose a referendum asking the public whether they accept or reject terms of deal?”48% support (+4)24% oppose (-3)Remainder don't know/no strong view either waySource: BMG 
Why thanks Minister @BWallaceMP for Brexsplaining to me how people here feel about border stop & search powers. If you insist on branding someone’s Brexit policy ‘desperate’ you could look a wee bit closer to home #YourGovernmentisRidiculous 
⁦@NicolaSturgeon⁩  ⁦@GeorgeKerevan⁩ ⁦@TriciaMarwick⁩  Catalonians will never give up seeking Independence, and if Scotland wants 2 remain a country never mind an Independent one, then surely we need to have an Independence Referendum vote before Brexit 29/03/19?  
Back from my holiday even more determined to stop brexit. Spoke to many expats and UK tourists mostly remainers but also some bregretters who now understand the gravity of the crisis facing us and what we're about to lose. Brexit will fail, even if it happens. If.  
The referendum is over David. People heard the anti-choice lobby's disgusting bullying of TFMR families and rejected it, soundly.  
Headlines like this are great to see Everyday the pressure is growing as more and more people turn against Brexit in droves.Have you signed the petition for a People's Vote?   
It’s vital that a First Nations Voice is enshrined in the constitution. The Voice, if merely legislated, is exposed to being repealed by a future hostile Government. A First Nations Voice embraced by the people by referendum is the recognition & empowerment we want & need.#auspol 
I met two anti brexit UK musicians in France. They gig all over Europe from festivals to venues.I gave them their 1st EU flag. They are going to fly it at every gig they do.Inspire one person and they will inspire others. Enthusiasm is infectious.This is why we will win. 
READ: Household bills in Scotland have increased by more than £400 a year since #Brexit:  
Party Conference is going to be an interesting affair......"Conservative Brexiteers plan to challenge Theresa May directly by publishing their own “positive” blueprint for a #Brexit."#StandUp4Brexit 
Corbyn - present but not involved in the EU referendum - cannot lead a Remain Labour Party with any credibility   
'No-deal' is a term used by remainiacs to alarm the population, no-deal is in fact a deal that ensures we Leave under World Trade Organisation terms, WTO is a deal in itself which the EU already operates under for all its trade outside the EU, as do we the UK.#WTO#Brexit  
Brexiters told voters that immigrants caused the housing shortage. In fact, the Tories sold-off public housing & refused to build replacements. That's why we have a housing shortage & Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
BMG/Indy poll 2nd referendum question finds 48% backing one to 24% opposing.“Should a Brexit deal be reached ...to what extent would you support or oppose a referendum being held asking the public whether they accept or reject the terms of the deal?” 
Well... @DeborahMeaden just asked if anyone had changed their mind on Brexit since 2016.There were a ton of #Remainernow people. I’ve retweeted many. Below are screenshots from my retweets.@RemainerNow is becoming a fantastic community with its own story & identity.  
A reversal of Brexit would be a victory for the well-to-do liberal elite who continue to sneer at the everyday man and woman.  
We must never, EVER hold an "advisory" referendum ever again. It's clear Parliament doesn't have the spine to resist a popular vote.I'm no fan of referendums full stop, but if we must have them they need to be clearly defined with built in thresholds to be re-run if not met. 
Former Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson remains positive about Brexit after leaving government role  
The bad news for #Brexiters just keeps coming...just in case you missed it..YOU ARE THE MINORITY.& TBH you always were...The UK is a #Remain Nation & any MP forcing this invalid #Brexit upon us will not be forgiven.#PeoplesVote#Remain optionNOW  
The UK and US seem determined to battle it out in a political race to the bottom. I’d say Trump is still far ahead of the UK in terms of abhorrent dysfunction, but Britain— from Brexit woes to Boris Johnson to Corbyn “accidentally” honoring terrorists—is inching closer.  
‘It'd be a coup by the rich and the privileged' MEP warns of consequences of Brexit *reversal*. Yeah, because poor and unprivileged politicians, like Rees-Mogg and Johnson, definitely have the best interests of ‘normal’ people at heart. 350m percent.  
Column: Labour increasingly drawn to referendum as possible emergency exit from party's dreadful Brexit position  
My sis doing a bit of diplomatic work in North America! She spoke to a guy for 45 mins on Scottish independence + Brexit. He was well informed & said  should go for it! Turned out he was a United States Senator.  
The Daily Mail must shoulder a large measure of blame for getting us into the mess which is BrexitWouldn’t it be a sweet irony if, under its new editor, it played the same role in getting us out of it? 
"Bloc of 50 moderate Tory MPs forms to challenge the Brexiteers amid fears of party split"So, the question should be, why are they not going to #StandUp4Brexit and why are they not respecting democracy?#Brexit 
Cornwall voted leave but this brexitometer in Newquay (which supports previous polling) indicates the mood in the area has changed over #brexit and it continues to become even more #remainernow Good work @cornwall4eu 
Brexit as we know is hugely complex. It’s important to have different groups tackling the beast from different directions to broaden understanding.  We should all be supporting eachother not criticising hard working grass roots groups. #fbpe #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
Brexit is an optimistic, exciting move for our country.  
Is it possible to support Corbyn's policies on austerity, tax loopholes, education, and health but wish he'd actively oppose Brexit and cringe at his crappy attempts to pretend he's never been a fan of the PLO? #WeStandWithCorbyn Asking for millions of potential Labour voters... 
Finlay says Paisley had great support last night (from his friends, family, campaigners & canvassers) & said N.Antrim supports him. Supports what though? Lobbying on behalf of a genocidal regime? Failure to attract inward investment? Throwing farmers under the bus with Brexit? 
Barclays moves £250 billion assets to Ireland because of Brexit...perhaps they got the idea from the High Priest of Job Destroying Hard Brexit, Jacob Rees Mogg. We cannot sustain these losses and retain our jobs and standard of living. #PeoplesVote 
What Remain campaigners don't want you to know about their "People's Vote"... it's a second referendum! As Tony Blair admits, pretending it's anything else is just treating people like idiots.  
If Brexit is not just about Tory millionaires escaping from the EU crackdown on tax loopholes, I fully expect the Brittish government to enact directives to replicate the closing of these loopholes, though I won't be holding my breath. #DissolveTheUnion 
EXCLUSIVE: Public backing for Final Say referendum leaps amid division over May's Brexit plans  
Housing paper today vacuous. Brexit has infected the whole of Whitehall. Policy is now make-believe nonsensical statements in total contradiction with its stated objectives 
#Brexit was marketed as the promised land & sold to those whose fears & prejudices were manipulated. The Leave campaign broke the law in order to win; the whole referendum was corrupt in nature. To respect the result is to disrespect democracy.The UK must have a #PeoplesVote. 
Great to see @CharlesTannock support a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Great to see another Conservative voice after @Anna_Soubry , @sarahwollaston & @juliegirling back the campaign. 
Just not true. It’s based on WTO maximum duty levels. But post-Brexit we will be able to set duties as low as we want — indeed zero. And food imported from outside the EU will be much cheaper.  
Even a no-deal Brexit is better than status quo, says former Trade Secretary Peter Lilley. @BrexitCentral @ChangeBritain 
If Corbyn was on the side of justice and peace, he wouldn’t be such a fanatical and unquestioning backer of Brexit.  
‘UK’s future is BRIGHT outside EU’ - Rees-Mogg lays out POSITIVE Brexit blueprint  
I cannot be the only one who can’t stand the Tories but could never vote for Jeremy Corbyn. The messianic fervour of his supporters will likely condemn the poor to the hardships of a hard Brexit and a Tory government in perpetuity. History will be their judge. 
Lessons from the first Brexit. The Church of England and the Church of Rome have maintained a surprising degree of regulatory alignment after nearly 500 years.   
One source told The Sun: “This is about delivering the clean Brexit that people voted for.”Number 10 say Chequers was brought about as the EU had refused to engage w/ Mansion House, in the words of Rees-Mogg: “this is SO craven, weak and feeble.”  
The draft agreement strips us of many rights. A no deal Brexit would be a nightmare scenario.We’re supporting @peoplesvote_uk because it’s clear the only way to fully protect our rights is for the UK to stay in the EU. 
Public backing for Final Say referendum leaps amid division over May's Brexit plans  
And yet he wouldn’t share a stage with David Cameron or any previous Prime Ministers in the run up to the Brexit referendum? You’re right John, enough is enough. You lot need to get out and let somebody competent lead the Opposition. You’ve had your fun.  
Every brexiter should be forced to read these threads. They lay out the disruption that Brexit will cause, from people who deal with the issues of moving goods across borders for a living.  
This is a decent graph showing how public opinion has changed since 2016 on #Brexit. Most MPs know that #brexit is not in UKs best interests but were not oppposing it due to supposed #willofthepeople. Now it's clear #brexit is not wanted by majority they must now stand up!  
But it’ll take 5 years or so to rejoin .. and we’ll never have the benefits we enjoy now .. imagine the hardship in between leaving and rejoining ... best to have #peoplesvote and put brexit out of its misery once and for all  
‘how democracy came second in an EU referendum that overpowered its electoral system and overwhelmed its governing commission and now involves wide-ranging police investigations into the shadowy individuals and organisations implicated’#stopbrexit  
Yesterday when I tweeted this I used the term Thief in connotation with the Lock Analogy. I had no clue that this idea/shameless bugger had lifted it out of a Scottish Referendum video. @vivekagnihotri At least show credits saying inspired by (lifted from)  
“But you’re ruining our future” cry young Remainers.  We show them some #Brexit facts.  99.5% of students don't do any study in the EU, for example. Read:  
August is turning out to be a strange month in the history of brexit - the calm before the storm if you like - I’m sure September will be the month when the S**t hits the fan .. countdown to October 15th begins .. 
I want the UK to remain a great country to live in so rather than fall back on nationalistic platitudes and populist jingoism like this drivel, I will continue to oppose Brexit because it is a policy based on a foundation of sand. You go for faith I prefer facts.  
Our focus is, and always has been, protecting the rights that allow Brits in Germany to go about their everyday lives.When UK politicians bang the drum for a no-deal Brexit, they do so without caring about the catastrophic impact it’d have for British citizens across Europe 
This is funny ... not...If you have arrogant jingoistic Brexit media and politicians bolloxing everything European, year in year out, ...you end up with brainwashed people who actually do complain about there being "too many Spanish people in Spain" 
MORE BREXIT REALITY  = WELL DONE BRECTUMS  
We either stand together [once again] or we consign British democracy to history. What use is democracy if we MUST vote for what we're TOLD to vote for ?#Brexit #Democracy 
Q. for leavers-Why is it when you are presented with real life people issues & it involves the "go home to your own country" attitudes you wont believe what is happening in UK & has been since Brexit ref day. Are you really this racist and xenophobic.....Britain never used to be 
Who votes for these WTO unelected bureaucrats?When did we vote to join?Do we get a veto over their rules? #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Stirling4Europe is here! Campaigning for a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal or no deal. Please RT @perth4europe @euromovescot @euromove @peoplesvote_hq 
Good news for British workers. Lower immigration from the EU means wages are increasing. #Brexit is benefiting the UK even before it happens!  
Conservative Brexiteers plan to challenge Theresa May directly by publishing their own “positive” blueprint for a hard Brexit  
‘UK’s future is BRIGHT outside EU’ - Rees-Mogg lays out POSITIVE Brexit blueprint  
‘UK’s future is BRIGHT outside EU’ - Rees-Mogg lays out POSITIVE Brexit blueprint  
Who are the ERG?  - Here are the names - the enemy within - they are a tiny group - time for the rest of the HoC to "Take Back Control" and Vote Against their insane Brexit Project  
Brexit is like Suez and appeasement: everyone directly responsible will be ruined politically. For Labour & Tory MPs, the more Brexit they have on their records, the more politically toxic they will be when it collapses 
One European business organisation I know surveyed their member companies on Brexit.  A third thought Brexit wasn't going to happen.  A third thought Brexit had already happened.So yeah. They're not going to be ready.  
Great to meet @Menlu_RI and discuss the  post Brexit relationship with Indonesia. We stand ready to work with  to uphold the rules-based international system following its appointment as a non-permanent member of @UN Security Council. 
Out next month, by the biographer of Hitler. Profound, humane, anti-Brexit  
I worked on this legislation - ‘roam like at home’ - EU gave us free mobile use abroad, Brexit could end it @InFactsOrg 
Lots of fun and an almost full house presenting on Brexit and stalled enlargement in a troubled Europe @anuces today. Thanks, Canberra! 
Every day brings a new farce in this absurdist and elitist drama. It'd be funny if it didnt cause detriment to millions. No-one voted to be poorer. The elite voted to become richer #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
If we allow England to bully Scotland into Brexit. Then we can expect a fire sale of all our assets to Trump. 
And yet... think about all the ordinary people up and down the country who have come together to defeat Brexit!When we succeed it’ll be the biggest example of citizen activism this country has ever seen. 
More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to remain in EU || Via: Guardian  
Generally speaking, not a clue.But I suspect that's because we've all grown up in an age of relative peace & prosperity. The idea of brexit, trump & far right politics gaining a foothold in 21st century is ludicrous. We'll all have to get very real about this very soon. 
Brexit: Sam Smith edition 
Brexit: information wars - reporting on Brexit has been turned into a binary, adversarial "catfight". This is no more real than anything else reported by a media which has no so badly degenerated that it can't even evaluate is own failures...  #Brexinfo. 
The pro-FPTP referendum campaign (really the "spread fear and lies about PR" campaign), backed by corporate interests and lobbyists, is getting a thrashing from the public in Facebook comments. Very pleasant to see. They're banking on you being gullible, but I know you're not. 
There is a reason Brexit tory MPs feel safe in their seatsJeremy Corbyn has given them a free pass, not opposed their Brexit wet dream, and given them a license to promote their vulture capitalist agenda.The more Corbyn backs Brexit, the more he helps the Tories. 
Even E. Anglia...the heart of Brexitland has changed its mind on #Brexit.Only Autocrats would ignore this shift & still deny the Ppl their #FinalSayForAll.#PeoplesVote NOWwith a #Remain option.May & Corbyn don't you dare delay it until it's to late. 
In June 2016 the UK held the Brexit referendum in which, according to a ‘majority’ of MPs, the will of the people was to leave the EU.782 days later, apparently the will of the people is to remain in the EU, time for MPs to act accordingly.#StopBrexit 
We are not ashamed of our country, We are ashamed of the stupidity of Brexit. We have every right to oppose something which will bring harm to this country and are not part of the establishment elite. Crude tactic used to make us appear as unpatriotic, Shame on you. 
People are exhausted. No one asked for this and no one expected to be catapulted into Twitter land visibility. Im in awe of all the #FBPE and #remain counts who every day fight #Brexit. We are all different but ultimately united. Group hug and huge respect to all. Thank you x 
Book me onto UK television anytime you want to.   I'm available any time any place any where to put out the facts.   I guess you have to ask WHY UK media doesn't want the facts about #Brexit.   THAT IS the question you should be asking. 
A no deal Brexit would really shaft the EU. Its parliament breaks up three weeks after Brexit, then there are parliamentary elections, then a new Commission has to be formed, then key legislation would have to be approved by 27 national parliaments and the EUropean one. Not easy. 
Why is this so difficult @theresa_may?1) Sort #Brexit, tell EU we're walking if they don't act like adults.2) Implement boundary changes.3) Implement Voter ID & regulate Postal Voting.4) Reform Welfare.5) Drastically cut Corporation Tax.Conservatism gives you wiings.  
Conservative Brexiteers plan to challenge Theresa May directly by publishing their own “positive” blueprint for a hard Brexit  
Sadly the devastation Brexit is about to unleash upon the poorest in our society is the last thing on Corbyn’s mind  
The massive hypocrisy of the fishermen in #Grimsby!  It is NOT them that should get a Brexit Exemption but #Scotland and Northern Ireland who thanks to the likes of Grimsby & their 70% of Brexit votes, is now dragging us Remain Nations out of EU!  
A simply brilliant #StandUp4Brexit pledge video from the Great @andreajenkyns“We need to believe in Britain, #StandUp4Brexit, God save the queen!” #Chequers is not #Brexit!  #AndreaJenkyns #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @BorisJohnson @ConHome @Conservatives @DCBMEP 
....who's wilting leadership & lack of decision making re: Brexit has the UK in a worse place than even the most cynical prognosticator would have guessed. With May on the ropes, the potential of Corbyn (and forward thinking policies) up next has many shaken. 
Of course the lie machine that is @BrexitCentral fails to mention that LEDs last far longer than halogens and cost far less to run. #Jailtheleaveliars#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
European firms 'unprepared' for 'no deal' Brexit  
I’m all in favor of a National Referendum prohibiting the wearing of masks during any assemblies... that we allow this crap to go unabated is crazy.  
More than 100 constituencies which backed Brexit now back Remain  
'Austerity will continue to harm Britain for years to come, and Brexit won’t help matters'  
#TheRainMakers  @realDonaldTrump  Qanon Song   Where We Go One We Go All  United We Stand, Divided We Fall ...  this is it #Patriots time to #RedPillTheWorld #MAGA #Brexit #EUExit  . . . . . . . .#Q 
Boris Johnson spoke to fascist Steve Bannon, and then instigated a racist dog-whistle news story in order to pull the media agenda back to the base level that won him the referendum in 2016, and away from increasing public scepticism over Brexit. 
Such good news if true! “Follow the nuance: Labour is edging towards a reversal of Brexit | Rafael Behr - the guardian  
Public backing for Final Say referendum leaps amid division over May's Brexit plans - The Independent  
The problem with Brexit is...  
Brexit means...Taking back what we haven’t lost to lose what we currently have. 
Ex-Downing Street chief claims May made THIS 'fatal' mistake after revealing Brexit plan. The So called Chequers Agreement, was not created there & it’s not Brexit as we know or want!  
Brexit  
Thats great Jeremy, but any chance you could stand with your constituents and stop brexit?  
Population-Catalonia: 8M-Scotland: 5M% speak native language-CAT: 73%-SCT: 1%% pro-independence-CAT: 50%-SCT: 45%Injuries by police in referendum-CAT: 991-SCT: 0€ preventing referendums by force-ESP: 87M-SCT: 0Recognition of self-determination-ESP: N-UK: Y 
Pissed off doesn’t begin to describe my feelings regards Brexit. We moved here from Australia to be part of the EU, paid £4000 in visa charges for my family to stay, contributed, worked hard and had our EU dream destroyed in 2016. Yes we can go back but we chose the EU. 
In most negotiations, being prepared to walk away is key. But Brexit talks are akin to bargaining for a parachute having already jumped out of the plane  
Whovever told Theresa The Appeaser that publishing a dodgy dossier to peddle the fake Brexit Chequers Stitch-Up deserves a medal. Anyone in their right mind can now see what a complete quisling and operative is currently occupying Number 10 subverting The Will Of The People. 
Nine Greater Manchester constituencies that voted for Brexit 'would now back Remain' 
"When you buy a dodgy car, you expect to have recourse to law or to trading standards - in Brexit they are being told “you bought it - live with it”." Many leave voters now want to send the car back, they are #Remainernow and want to #stopbrexit 
I won't take lessons in morality from this poisonous, murderous cunt. But that shouldn't let JC off the hook. Bad choices, for bad reasons, badly hidden, then badly confessed. And all that after months of incrementally worsening leadership on antisemitism and Brexit. Enough.  
Tuesday’s City AM: "EU Firms Not Ready For No Deal Brexit" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews) 
EU bureaucrats are petrified of the UK thriving after Brexit:  
With regards to events in Turkey coup attempt/Putin-Erdogan summit), Saudi (see below), NK (post-2014) and around #Brexit / #TrumpRussia , to quote Michael Connolly;“Don’t looks for the facts, but the glue that holds them together.” Strategic deception operations by RIS. 
I'm starting to get behind the idea of @DavidLammy as the unity candidate for the Labour leadership. He would oppose Brexit but also implement the GE2017 manifesto in full (that's apparently why Corbynistas want to keep Jeremy in place)Above all he puts people before dogma. 
I've been fighting Lefty Trolls all night. Been abused all night, but never surrender. I may be Far Right but let me tell you I'm not F*****G Wrong so. #Brexit #ForBritain #FreeSpeech IAMTOMMY 
.@DeborahMeaden is fast becoming one of my favourite people on twitter. Knows her stuff and not afraid to take down trolls. Excellent on need to fight brexit.& #PeoplesVote 
Are Tories plotting to replace May with David Davis? @jackbuckby —  | #UK #Brexit #politics 
My roots are brazingly showingAnd I have a hole in my Primark socksI had macaroni cheese for dinnerAnd micro chips straight out of the boxTomorrow I'm going to B&MTo buy a new toilet seatBut I voted remain in the referendumI guess that makes me fucking elite#EliteAF 
Jeremy Corbyn. Came to Scotland and lied about transport and things that aren't devolved.  Votes for Renewing trident, wants Brexit and abstains half the time. Labour is gone in Scotland. They have no integrity and neither does its Scottish or English leader. The trust is gone 
I think the Tories have found their next Brexit Secretary.  
2) Much as I hate Corbyn's reluctance to fight Brexit, he has triangulated successfully enough to keep Labour Leavers on side while hanging on to Remainers. And thanks to Tory incompetence, time is on his side. 
A no-deal #Brexit could virtually wipe out sheep farming in Northern Ireland, it has been claimed. The imposition of costly tariffs could price local lamb producers out of the French market  
The result of the EU referendum was fraudulent. How do you implement that? 
So I think Corbyn is at that stage where he could literally shoot someone on Oxford Street and still maintain his base.There are three main reasons for this, IMO:1) Media2) Brexit3) Economy 
100% Freda voted Brexit  
.@DeborahMeaden I posted this a month after the referendum. Still true.  
Disability campaigners call for a People's Vote on Brexit  
We don't need another #PeoplesVoteThe only #PeoplesVote that mattered was on June 23 2016Please retweet if you agree#Brexit #MayMustGo #MoggMentum #Conservative 
We are working hard on preparing loads (about 80!) technical bulletins on how to prepare for a ‘no deal’ Brexit.We sincerely hope and expect that these will never need to be used (and that the Daily Mail doesn’t write about them).But it keeps us busy. 
Over 80% of the tickets for the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference have now been sold. If you want to help us create a vision of a new Britain without Brexit we really recommend that you don't delay buying your tickets. We expect a full house. #Leeds  
Tuesday’s INDEPENDENT Digital: “Surge in public support for a final Brexit deal vote” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Terry here voted leave as he thought it was the best choice for the UK, but, now he sees what #brexit will actually mean, he describes it as the "biggest ever own goal"Respect to you @Terry_FY7 for being able to change your mind and talking about it. Welcome to #remainernow 
We are entering a period of total political chaos during which both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition will be thrown out of office. At a time when we are heading full speed towards the unknown maelstrom of Brexit. Sell short. 
Nine Greater Manchester constituencies that voted for Brexit 'would now back Remain'  
I see that Brexit is such a fuck up that the UK’s two main political parties have decided to ignore it on the basis that arguing about thousand year-old Muslim and Jewish issues is simpler and more reconcilable. 
#PeoplesVote - a group of individuals who cannot accept the biggest democratic vote in our history#PeoplesVote is just another name for another Referendum.We voted for #BrexitLet's get on with itPlease retweet if you agree#MayMustGo #Brexit #Conservatives @peoplesvote_uk 
Brexiteers and the establishment media believe that in return for giving up our membership of EU, the British people will be content to have more of the Royal Family in exchange. I certainly won’t. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Why would anyone feel sorry for people who are only in politics for their own aggrandisement & feathering their own nests??!! They need to represent the will of the people in the same way they claim to be doing around Brexit! #backto60 #1950sWomen @2020Comms 
Liz Webster is leading a legal challenge against the #UKgov, claiming that the #Article50 notice to trigger #Brexit was illegal. Read her compelling story on the @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page. Link:  #A50Challenge 
In a time of national crisis why has Parliament left for its summer holidays? There's a job to be done, the most critical issue in living memory #Brexit, and Parliament has left the building?  
“I’ve not met a single constituent who backed leave who would now vote Remain... people are just crying out for positive leadership” @andreajenkyns  via @JuliaHB1 and @talkRADIO#StandUpForBrexit#Chequers is not #Brexit 
For fucks sake you are fucking kidding me ? What on earth are you playing at? We are having a wide ranging national debate about the role of #Brexit which will turn the actual UK into a bloody tax haven. And you post this. Are you stuck in a bunker? #WATON cause you aren’t 
1/ One reason for #Brexit:Within living memory the English ruled the greatest empire the world had ever seen. The English were the master race, to which even the least of Englishmen belonged, making him superior to all others. And then in around 20 years it all vanished. 
From Brexit to climate change, there are still too many refusing to acknowledge that our current trajectory is headed for disaster. Young activist @LibbyCherry98 explains why urgent action needs to be taken. 
I still can't believe I called the UK Government a bunch of incompetent cowards live on television.   But #FactsMatter and you can put that on my headstone! Here's my short interview on @RT_com @RTUKnews discussing #Brexit 
#brexiteer Andrea Jenkyns reveals that "Weekly I receive hundreds of emails, not only from my constituents but from across the country letters telling me that Chequers does not mean #Brexit"It really is time for us Brits to #StandUp4Brexit#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
Shropshire had a 57% leave vote in 2016 but in this recent poll by the Shropshire Star the public there are now backing a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote by a significant margin.More evidence of the UK changing its mind on #brexit and becoming #remainernow 
Yep I wanted out. I would def not vote out in a second referendum. 
I just signed a letter telling the Government that, as an NHS professional, we won't stand for Brexit. Join me!  via @HealthierIn 
Correct petal, you won't be forgiven. Time to stop throwing pebbles, get organised, stage a coup, salvage Brexit and dump May, before it's too late.  
Hi @nigelmp,We have a feeling that you are pro #Brexit but we were wondering if you will be backing our #StandUp4Brexit campaign and reject the #ChequersPlan?Lots of MPs have pledged their support. It would be fantastic to have your backing too. 
The new ‘moderate, pragmatic’ Tory Brexit Delivery Group says that in politics ‘purity does not exist’. Certainly not in their case.But betrayal does. They are setting us up for it along with May.They are hoping to save the Tory Party but will doom it. Brexiteers will not forgive 
Weirdly, Jenkyns missed the last five evidence hearings of the Brexit select committee, after quitting government to spend more time on the committee. #godsavethequeen 
1/2 "If..the economic 'raison d’être' for Brexit was to free up the British economy, have scope for regulatory reform + form closer trading ties with the fast-growing parts of the world economy, then the Chequers’ proposals are clearly profoundly flawed."" 
and presumably we´ll be excluded once again, were there to be another vote on Brexit ...  
To think, if Jeremy Corbyn wasn’t pro-Palestinian, none of this hysteria would be happening. We’d be still arguing with libdem bellends that Russia is not communist, or Corbyn can magically stop Brexit  
“I think a WTO Brexit is a good Brexit. It’s a clear Brexit. We’re in control of our laws, our money and our borders on day one." - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg@Stop_The_EU | #MoggMentum 
Hi there @Royston_Smith We have tweeted you a few times to ask if you will #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #ChequersPlan. We’re upset that we have not heard from you.Please can you let us know if you will back our campaign and tell us if you will respect the #Brexit vote?  
Brexit will inflict serious harm. But in addition, it will compound everyday difficulties, which, even in good times, the UK struggles to handle. How will Britain cope with events like harsh weather or strikes having inflicted upon itself a huge social and economic disaster? 
Brexiteers FURIOUS as May releases ‘moronic’ Tory leaflet promoting her Brexit plan. She must be getting fed up with fighting brexit. She seems now to be set on embarrassing the tory party.    
From Bristol to Edinburgh, Cardiff to Leeds, here's how you can get involved with your local grassroots anti-Brexit campaign  
Sonia (and her friend) voted leave in 2016 but she considers it was based on insufficient information and now #brexit reality is becoming clearer she has changed her mind and is a #remainernow backing a #PeoplesVote So many like Sonia. UK must have chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
Hi @NorwichChloe,We have tweeted you a couple of times to ask if you will #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #ChequersPlan. We are worried that we have not heard from you.Please can you let us know if you will back our campaign and respect the referendum?  
Where is the outrage from Scottish sheep farmers? Your future is also at massive risk from the madness of the Tory #BrexitThe imposition of costly EU tariffs will price local lamb producers out of the French market. Not to mention cheap NZ lamb imports.   
Brexit is 5475 hours away. #brexit 
"There’s already been a referendum, the result was conclusive... We can’t just keep re-holding referendums, can we, just so you get the answer that you want.” 
A TITANIC SUCCESS' (a spoof LADYBIRD BOOK)Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
The state of this. Don’t even know where to start - persistence of mad delusions in the face of empirical reality, with the bizarre idea that ‘love’ of queen is somehow relevant in context of Brexit, with claim that Remainers are the elite when it was funded by billionaires ...  
Who should be #Conservatives Prime Minister?Please retweet after voting for greater sample#ConservativeParty #Boris #Brexit #TheresaMay #JacobReesMogg#LiamFox 
And Watson, who literally led the defenestration process. You’re doing that ‘facts’ thing that supporters of Trump, Brexit & Corbyn can’t cope with. 
Tory Party HQ have produced leaflets in Lib Dem yellow praising the Chequers Plan. They must be a sort of suicide note. Meanwhile the 50 Tory MP pragmatists backing the PM are calling themselves the Brexit Delivery Group. They also should adopt yellow as their colour. 
While everyone is talking about Boris & Jeremy, time is ticking.Parliament is in recess, Brexit negotiations are on hold.Brexit day gets ever closer. Brexit is too important for more delays.Tory Brexiteers need to make a decisive move very soon. Are they lions or are they lambs? 
If Theresa May is ousted tomorrow brexit would still go ahead.If Jeremy Corbyn is ousted tomorrow then brexit dies tomorrow. 
"I was present when it was laid. I don't think I was actually involved in it." Every day you remain leader of @UKLabour brings further shame to our party..please resign now so we can put your disastrous leadership behind us & start providing proper opposition to Tories & Brexit 
If we want to unhinge core support for #Brexit we must attack its claim to patriotism. And that's easy, Russian & American hands are all over Brexit, it damages our economy, harms our people, weakens our alliances and makes Britain an object of global derision.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit is beyond farcical now. It’s like a 2 year episode of Frasier but instead of jokes there are consequences and tedious financial transactions.  
BREXIT PANIC: German businesses TERRIFIED of No Deal and warn Brussels 'clock is ticking!'  
MUST-READ: More new polling showing support for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
Having worked throughout Europe i have to say that to deprive (or make it difficult) for our younger generation to live, study and work in Europe is one of the most despicable results of #Brexit. Engineered by the elderly affluent to whom it will not matter a jot! #FinalSay 
Because people believed @jeremycorbyn wouldn’t force through a disastrous fascist coup #Brexit, that’ll hurt the poorest hardestNow it’s clear he willI joined a ‘democratic party’ where we’re allowed no input on #Brexit & Corbyn’s trying to block conference from debating it 
Hey @BBC so leading Brextremist nutter @Jacob_Rees_Mogg who has moved his companies to the EU safely away from the Brexit catastrophe can happily appear on BBC political programmes in the knowledge your Brextremist presenters will never quiz him about this? #Marr #Neil #Humprys pic.twitter.com/VbqBdPBOZ1 
Tonight on the James Whale Show featuring Ash► New road safety laws for cyclists criticised► Seats previously supporting Brexit now want to remain► Should Disney have cast a straight actor in a gay role?@THEJamesWhale | @virtualash |  
EU citizens! The #Brexit fascists are about to face a truthbomb of Maastricht proportions. Faced with no lights, matches or sandwiches, literally only about 10 people now want to leave the EU.  
I voted Remain but I accepted the result for a long time. That's democracy!But towards the start of this year I saw the following and decided to join the effort to stop Brexit:- incompetent govt negotiations- referendum based on lies- real, present, economic damage 
More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to remain in EU! The new analysis suggests there are now 341 seats with majority Remain support, up from 229 seats at the referendum. #RenewParty  
Corbyn mired in anti-Semite history which is destroying his flimsy image as affable, people's champion. He should look at Labour's own polls and allow free vote on #Brexit at party conference. That would show real leadership & courage. Not holding my breath #PeoplesVote 
2 years after the Brexit referendum and 4 years after the Scottish referendum many Remainers as well as Brexiters in England still do not understand how fragile the British state has become 
‘Let me finish!’ Tory MP SHUTS DOWN Remoaner Alastair Campbell in fiery Brexit debate  
BFE: Most people now want a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. One of them is well known businesswoman and #DragonsDen star, @DeborahMeaden Will you join her? It takes less than 30 seconds to sign the petition.  #MajorityNow  
Forgive me, but why have you only now realised this?  Many of us have been working passionately for over 2 years to #StopBrexit so all EU citizens will retain the rights being stolen from us in UK & in EU on the basis of a fraudulent referendum.Your statement is astonishing. 
You do not have to be a "Remoaner" to see it's unfair that @BritishInEurope still have no certainty over their status.They  @InLimboBrexit too. More than 2 years since the referendum. 
Significant move here. British in Europe have, up until now, been neutral on Brexit itself, focussing only on maintaining Citizens' rights post-Brexit.They now see no way to protect those rights fully other than scrapping Brexit, and support a #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
After nearly 2yrs fighting for the rights of UK citizens in the EU after Brexit and working closely with @The3Million, at BiE we have to accept that the rights of UK cits in the EU will only be protected fully if the UK remains in the EU. Read more here:  
Follow the nuance: Labour is edging towards a reversal of Brexit | Rafael Behr  
The absolute state of the UK!Leadership totally absent, or worse, from both “main” parties.Careering rudderless and friendless into a hostile world, thanks to Brexit.We need new leadership to #StopBrexit now and get a grip!RT if you agree. 
I don’t back him as a hero at all. I don’t want him to be PM and never have. I also think he was wrong the defend the right to wear the burkha. I just defend free speech & I support Brexit. 
Is @ChukaUmunna being pushed towards a decisive move?I’m not alone in thinking now’s the time for Chuka & other like-minded Lab!MPs, & rational moderates in Conservatives to call a halt to propping up increasingly  racist parties, that are hell bent on the madness of #Brexit  
What happens when those forgotten by globalisation get left further behind?What happens when those who chose more control get less?What happens when the generations living with Brexit are those who voted Remain?What happens when the already struggling get pushed over the edge? 
Meanwhile in other news large pro Corbyn accounts take a break from #FBPE bashing to rapidly delete “Corbyn wasn’t there tweets”Sheesh between Johnson Corbyn and Brexit things aren’t looking great are theyI’m so glad you good people are still here keeping some sanity 
"I'm absolutely livid at having my rights stripped away on account of a referendum in which I was not allowed to participate. I know how colonial citizens used to feel!!!!" William Tobin? 
The team out canvassing in Birnam tonight. You can feel the changing mood right across Perthshire. People tired of the Tories mad Brexit and the local Tory Perthshire  ‘Council of Chaos’.  
The Commission's deputy chief Brexit negotiator @WeyandSabine gets 150 retweets for words that should stop you in your tracks. Rees-Mogg, whose responsibilities amount to sweet F-A, gets 3.5k retweets for saying move along, nothing to see. 
West Belfast cultural festival had mass involvement, cross community participation & deterred bonfires. Rare good news story as Brexit worries mount   
Wear more clothes than you own. Borrow a box of fashion to wear all month long. Plans start at $79/month. Introducing the new way to shop. 
Second referendum or end of the tory party   
Public backing for Final Say referendum leaps amid division over May's Brexit plans  
Fears grow over status of Brits in post-Brexit Europe - "British citizens would be treated as third-party nationals once the UK quits the EU and become subject to the 27 different immigration systems operated by the remaining members." 
The @EIB has invested over £4 billion in Scottish infrastructure since 2008. That’s another reason Scotland should stay in the Single Market and Customs Union after #Brexit.  
If Westminster had cared about the North East as much as London, Brexit wouldn't be a thing.So what happens when the purse strings of Westminster get tightened by Brexit? Are they suddenly going to start caring about Sunderland or Middlesbrough? 
EU bureaucrats are 'petrified' of Brexit Britain 'thriving' after leaving 
Leave voting constituencies are changing their minds on Brexit, but an election offers no route out of the maze. Only a second referendum can do that  
No deal Brexit 'would be worse for the EU than Britain 
A no-deal Brexit would be worse for the EU than for Britain, a secret report drawn up by the bloc reveals. 
A post-Brexit tale. British woman, 81, claims Benidorm holiday was ruined by too many Spanish people  
Imagine if we got a Brexit deal that let us trade just as cheaply with Europe but with 100% control over our laws. Able to influence the laws of our EU trade partners. Gave Brits free access to European jobs & other countries were lining up to give us deals that put Britain first  
I'm on the @RT_com 8pm news show with @BillDod_RT talking TM the PMs Brexit plan this evening...   should be a good one cos the audience will be full of Brexiteers.And for once they won't be able to accuse me of being paid by the EU or Soros!!   Win-Win 
The WTO option is now the best choice for Brexit  via @BrexitCentral Anyone have a problem with this? I don't. For Remainers: do try to judge it on the merits of the argument. Don't start frothing profanely because it comes from a Brexit source. 
Brexit Central is still advocating a no deal Brexit that would bring food and medicine shortages and an end to just in time manufacturing in the UK.But, but, the lightbulbs! The bloody lightbulbs folks!  
It's never possible to launch a referendum with certainty you'll win: there are no such certainties. #Opinion_polls before launch of a referendum campaign are about as useful a guide to launch timing as "a tarantula on a slice of angel cake"#indyref2_2019 We know all we need to. 
The Brexit jobs bloodbath that never arrived  via @telebusiness 
Facts about Britain this week: Wages: 2.8% higher than year ago, above inflationJobs: at 42-year highPMI: 54.0 = 24 successive months of expansion frm June 2016This is the "immediate and profound economic shock" the Treasury predicted as a result of the Leave vote?#Brexit  
I should add: the reason why doing so concerns me greatly is because it might lead some to conclude there is time. There.Is.No.Time.Transition or not, Brexit in this case for once does mean Brexit. Out means out. And in my view it would take a very long time to get back in. 
This tweet is usefully modular for countries other than the UK.After “accept the” you can sub in:“... election of Trump ...”“... election of Italian populists...”“... government of Poland ...”“... government of Hungary...”“... EU constitutional referendum...” Etc.  
There is no straightforward route to doing that. There is no “simply re-join” option. Of course I too would fight for the UK to re-join if Brexit were to go ahead. But let’s not give people the impression that it’d be a simple thing. We really *must* stop this before it happens.  
#TheresaMay is weak on Brexit and Islamist. She’s not a true conservative  
When people ask me why I’m not excited about the “opportunities” for “global Britain” after Brexit  
Yes: First Past The Post + an anti-Brexit boost with a looming sell-by-date + one of the worst campaigns fought by a right-wing European party in living memory. But mainly First Past The Post. 
The @EIB has invested over £4 billion in Scottish infrastructure since 2008. That’s another reason Scotland should stay in the Single Market and Customs Union after #Brexit.  
Disagree with people wanting to end inequality in our society? Rough sleeping has more than doubled since 2010, food bank use is at record levels and wages are stagnating, (hard Brexit will only make this worse, )but you'd rather slag off the only viable alternative? 
Tax avoidance is one of the major drivers of Brexit. By supporting the latter, you support the former. Far from tackling it, you're enabling it. 
WATCH: Sonia voted to leave the EU in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because she wasn't given the right information at the time:  
EU bureaucrats are 'petrified' of Brexit Britain 'thriving' after leaving - top economist  
What @JBrokenshire is telling us here is:1. Fascism is now an acceptable doctrine within the Tory party. 2. The Tories see no problem with an ex-Minister and potential PM colluding with an American fascist agitator. That is the opposite of patriotism. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Disability campaigners including  @Tanni_GT call for a People's Vote on Brexit  
Phoney Brexit War Is over“Enough of this pissing aboutEnough lawyerly excuses & Civil Service prevarication & Remainer politician manoeuvringsWe voted BrexitNow give us BrexitGive us Brexit, strong and hard, Boris!”That is what Brits have been saying 
He supports antisemitism as defined by IHRAHe has honoured terrorists and Holocaust deniers over and overHe supports BrexitWhat exactly is there to like? 
Poll finds formerly ‘leave’ Suffolk and Essex constituencies have switched to ‘remain’ following Brexit vote  
This is disingenuous, Owen. You know as well as anyone that, eg, Clive Lewis (1) lacks Corbyn's closet full of skeletons, (2) is a more heterodox and persuasive political voice, (3) is much better on Brexit. 
Before and after Brexit  
With 6 days to go a crowd fund to stop #Brexit in court for:*overspending by Vote Leave and *unlawful use of data*Russian hacking + maybe collusion by @Arron_Banks ... has £23k of £50k. Pls retweet if you think democracy matters: 
I keep seeing takes about the unique gullibility of Brexit voters, Corbyn supporters. Very dubious. Partisan reasoning wasn’t invented in 2016, it’s just thanks to Twitter we can see it all the time. 
Another letter from my MP, another load of soundbites that he is adamant we must leave the EU. So I’d like to put 5 specific questions to him about #brexit and ask that he be specific in response. I have my own ideas but was interested in your ideas for questions. #WriteNow #FBPE 
The UK, the US, the Japanese, the Aussie, Canadian and every one of the EU member nation's government's know that the Brexit mistake would be incredibly damaging. If you aren't listening to what you're being told about Brexit you're a mug.  
The amount of deception in the Brexit referendum demands for a rethink on Brexit - and giving the people another vote is the most democratic way to resolve the crisis.We need more conservative MPs to acknowledge this and join the call for a #PeoplesVote.#C4PV 
Just like Brexit, people were warned about the awful consequences of supporting Corbyn and deliberately chose to ignore hard facts in favour of proving a point or exactingly revenge. This is the politics you wanted. You've turned it into a gutter. 
Yes, voted leave based on the constant trashing of the EU in the press, they never reported any of the benefits which I've since learnt of after the referendum. And I'm from Swansea, one of those constituencies with a big swing from leave to remain. 
Poll of @ShropshireStar shows big shift towards a #PeoplesVote - 60% now want a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
That sinking feeling? Sterling traders prepare for Brexit meltdown  
Constituencies that have changed their mind from leave to remain: - Boris Johnson- Michael Gove - Jacob Rees-Mogg Eventually all the lies catch up...#Brexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
The WTO option is now the best choice for Brexit  via @BrexitCentral 
“I think a WTO Brexit is a good Brexit. It’s a clear Brexit. We’re in control of our laws, our money and our borders on day one." - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
'Money will flow into Brexit Britain' 
British woman now wants #Brexit to happen in Spain so only British can holiday there  
This is #brexit... and this is our politicians !#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy pic.twitter.com/9AGnXTUKDB 
Brexit uncertainty threatens businesses in Northern Ireland  
What the UK imports is entirely in the control of the British government - this idea that Britain will go without necessary goods post-#Brexit is utterly absurd, says @_JamieWhyte 
UK universities are already losing EU funding ahead of #Brexit. British researchers have received €11.4bn from EU funding scheme Horizon 2020 since it began in 2014. But since February last year, we have lost out on an estimated €136m. Another reason for a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit is a disaster but I have to confess to smiling whenever I think of sweaty mumbling Brits, their government in shambles, sitting across the negotiating table from steely-eyed vicious German bureaucrats for whom a 12-hour meeting on asparagus taxes is like a vacation 
I always remained steadfast in my support for the UK leaving the EU, but since this Remainer wrote "stop Brexit" across Europe in a van via GPS, I've completely changed my mind.Stunning and brave.  
The fatal mistake @theresa_may  is not listening to the majority who want a #finalSay to #StopBrexitA FORMER Downing Street communications director has pointed out the “fatal” mistake Theresa May made with her Chequers Brexit blueprint 
 There will be a round of technical level #Brexit negotiations @EU_Commission later this week  The agenda is available online: 1) Ireland/Northern Ireland, 2) Future relationship:  
More than half voters in leave-voting Labour constituencies don’t believe Labour supports Brexit; they voted Labour in spite of thinking the party is Remainy.  
MLex Senior Correspondent @mattholehouse has been shortlisted for the prestigious British Journalism Awards for Specialist Media for his coverage of the #Brexit negotiations.  
British universities are already losing EU funding ahead of Brexit. Since February 2017, researchers have lost an estimated €136m. We need a #PeoplesVote to protect higher education and research in the UK! 
I don't understand why we're going ahead with Brexit so I'm going to peacefully sit in Parliament Square and say just that.WEDNESDAY 6.30pm till 8pmI made a t-shirt and everything. If you're around, come join me.  
BREXIT: Shock poll as 60 per cent of readers back second EU referendum /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Soft Brexit - 25 Tory MPs lose their jobs. Hard Brexit - 80,000 people in Scotland lose their jobs.  
A no-deal Brexit 'could wipe out sheep farming in Northern Ireland'   
Not trueWhy put out such a post?#Brexit is a Tory-owned problemOnly Tories (with bribed #DUP) control the negotiation 
Hundreds rallied to demand a referendum for independence in India’s Punjab region over the weekend.  
Angela #Merkel “Empress of Europe”. They aren’t even hiding it anymore... #Brexit means that Franco-German attempt to dominate the rest of Europe is about to pick up some serious pace. I hope that citizens of smaller European nations will be aware of it.  
Brexit is madness. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit will increase overall food bills by 12%, cheese will be 44%, beef 40% and chicken 22% higher.  Millionaires won't notice it much but ordinary people will take a hammering. Escape the madness. #Think32 
A leaflet, entitled "the Government's plan for Brexit means the right deal for Britain", has prompted a furious response from Eurosceptic Tory MPs who have said that they will refuse to distribute it in their area. 
Murmurs that Theresa May will offer to prolong the Brexit transition phase in order to reach an agreement on her botched Brexit plan. She really couldn't show any more weakness - her Brexit attempt has been a total capitulation! Support us at  
And if Greece had been outside the EU it would have been subject to the tender mercies of the IMF. It's what happens if a country is severely misgoverned and plagued by tax-dodging .... Curious, that sounds just like #Brexit Britain. 
"I was present when the EU referendum campaign took place, I don't think I was actually involved in it."  
Blackburn nan claims her holiday in Benidorm was "teeming with Spaniards". If she didn't vote Brexit I'll eat my sombrero.  
Brexit: a new referendum or the end of the Tory Party.With public opinion increasingly against Brexit across the country, MPs should call a new referendum.Hold a #PeoplesVote and give the public a say, with an option to stay. 
1st Mr Banks, Belizean envoy and Russian asset buys our referendum. Now he’s buying our election. Is this democracy?  
Breaking news:  @talkRADIO have kindly invited me to the studio to discuss #Brexit issues with the great @alexisconran this Saturday 18th from 4pm...   I hope you'll all be tuning in? 
Leave campaigners saying leavers knew perfectly well what they were voting for and that it wasn't the #brexit chequers deal. Wouldn't that in fact mean they *didn't* know what they were voting for? 
Please stop thinking Twitter reflects the actual world. Especially when talking about Brexit. Twitter is a micro-blogging hobby, for highly motivated people - or those with a public profile to maintain - whereas the real world is where people live. 
Revealed: Secret plot to oust Theresa May in Brexiteer putsch and install David Davis as 'interim' PM with Boris Johnson asked to delay his leadership bid until after Brexit.Boris Johnson is being urged to anoint David Davis as 'interim' Prime Minister. 
ICYMI - today launched @Games4EU to help explain over the coming months why Brexit is going to be terrible for the UK video games industry, and to fight to stay in the EU! Thanks to everyone for supporting the launch and joining us so far! Now the real work begins...  
My superpower is being able to guess with 100% accuracy how someone voted in the EU referendum after speaking to them for less than a minute. 
“We were sold a great Brexit dream, they have had two years to come up with it and all we have seen is a nightmare.”  
BIAFRA: IPOB IGWEOCHA ELDERS HOLD SUMMIT ON REFERENDUMOgochukwu NnannaReporting For Family Writers PressIgweocha elders under the auspices of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) turned up enmass for a summit...  
'This is not Brexit!' fury among Conservative grassroots  
A pleasure to welcome @wgcs_rural to our farm today to talk about @WelshGovernment ‘Brexit & our Land’ consultation. Special @RandRFarmingPod out later this week..  
Bottleneck on Brits residency applications in Europe as Brexit looms  
Thread on an extension of Article 50, which will certainly be necessary for a #FinalSay referendum, but is quite likely to be needed anyway.Of course, the rational thing would be for UKGov to be discussing this with EU27 now, but then rationality is a rare Brexit commodity.  
Yet another industry shouts out about Brexit damage. The games industry is worth billions for Britain, creating jobs and opportunities for thousands. Sign up and get involved!  
Surely, this must start a leadership challenge ? #Brexit 
If we all followed the government's approach to Brexit in day-to-day life. Illustration by @SKZCartoons. 
Here are three Brexiters who assured us we would still be part of the single market after Brexit.  
Sadly this isn’t surprising. More people in NI have taken their own lives since 98 than died in Troubles. Suicide rates are way up. And meantime many UK commentators think Troubles is either a red herring to deny Brexit or an excuse for jokes.  
Here are the Government's (DExEU) own forecasts for how Brexit will damage the economy.  
When nearly half the population thinks you're #racist, it's probably time to step down from politics. #BorisJohnson#Brexit 
EU citizens! This is terrible news for the UK. Far-right #Brexit racism has driven away all the migrants. As a result employers are having to pay higher wages to British workers. This will cripple the UK economy. And it's all self-inflicted. A warning. 
The Tory Brexit is the greatest con of ordinary working people taking away their freedom of movement, human rights and employment protection. @UKLabour need to WAKEUP #PeoplesVote 
Very insulting of Phillip Lee to call the majority of Party members "Brextremists". A desire to leave the EU is what the majority of members want. Either he should accept that or go the same way as Sophie and join the Lib Dems!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
This is definitely a metaphor for brexit 
Report by @MAndrews_Star of an online poll for The Shropshire Star, shows the county (voted #leave in 2016) now supports a #PeoplesVote Yet another sign the tide has turned.When will May & Corbyn face up to the politcal reality on #brexit ? 
A @YouGov poll's revealed that 53% of Brits would back Remain if a second referendum was called. Would you back another one?  
BREXIT'S PHONEY WAR IS OVER; THE TRUMP-STYLE REVOLUTION HAS BEGUN @JamesDelingpole#BrexitNow"Enough of this pissing about. Enough lawyerly excuses & Civil Service [lies]. We voted Brexit. Now give us Brexit. Give us Brexit, strong and hard, Boris!" pic.twitter.com/cW2QaajAeS 
Great news that Mark Carney will be stepping down next year. The next Bank of England governor must be someone who backs Brexit..  
Why do we want any damage?How about the zero damage Brexit?How about Remaining? 
That freedom is only truly open to mega rich Brexiteer Brits who can buy their right to live anywhere whatever the final deal is on migration or visa rights post Brexit. It won't be as good as FOM Brits enjoy now. 
Not only is Theresa May now trying to imitate the LibDems to sell her awful Chequers plan but the leaflet is not actually true.  We are not really leaving EU court jurisdiction & under May's plan we are paying a massive Brexit bill..   
Cathy is a very sad old lady.Not only has she fallen for Project Fear, she believes herself to be superiour to anyone who voted Leave.As a resident of France, I nearly hope she can't visit here after Brexit.  I'd hate to think of her contaminating this country with her hate.  
UK productivity is terrible - see today's FT. But NI is much worse. And north west of NI is much worse again. My guess is that Brexit will lead to lower investment (it already has) and this will lower productivity further. So maybe consigned to lower value/ lower paid jobs? 
Welcome to #Brexit Britain where MPs advertise products known to be carcinogenic to humans and deadly to #wildlife 
"A 'no-deal' Brexit could see the price of meat exports into the European Union rise by around 50 per cent and threaten the competitiveness of the wider food and drink sector."  
British woman goes to Benidorm and complains her holiday was ruined by 'too many Spanish people'.Are you going to tell her or should I let her know Benidorm is in Spain.I bet she voted for Brexit. Next time she should go to Bognor Regis. 
'Remainers during the referendum said that having all the responsibilities of obeying and adhering to the rules and regulations of the single market but having no say would be the worst of all worlds - now they're now advocating that position!' says @BrendanChilton pic.twitter.com/bCdrhbctUM 
Frida does have a point!All countries should be forced to have hotels purely for Brits so that those who go on hols to have their pint in a Weatherspoons over their all day Breakfast reading the Sun & shouting Brexit means Brexit & comparing their Free Tommy tattoos can do so 
Give me one Tim Martin over a 1000 Richard Branson's any day. #Brexit  
***CALLING ALL YOUNG PEOPLE*** Kick off the new academic year with our grand Brexit discussion on the 12th September! Lots of exciting speakers to be announced, plus you'll be able to have YOUR say. Be sure to join us for a great evening  
Irish citizens' rights to live & work in UK will NOT be affected by #Brexit @ukhomeoffice tells @irishinbritain “Irish citizens in the UK are not required to do anything to protect their status” Thanks @freemovementlaw @mckinneytweets for highlighting case  
Britain will be a far better place to do business than the EU, where very high taxes and red-tape are a massive barrier to investment.  #Brexit 
This (FT) is the “ economic boom “ pro Brexit media keeps telling you about: low wage, low productivity and lower tax receipts to fund public services  
"Brexit is tearing the party apart and you'd have to be living in a cave to not notice that."  
Gulf War veteran fears Brexit will destroy UK: Mr Thomson, Malvern. “Brexit is the single most cowardly thing this country has ever done. We are one of the major powers in Europe and we are just running away. “We are cowering on our island.”  #renewparty 
"The immediate consequences of a “no deal” #Brexit in March could be WORSE FOR THE #EU than for Britain, senior Brussels figures have said."So, why do we have this #ChequersPlan which is an outright capitulation?#StandUp4Brexit 
‘Being a Brit on the continent is a bit like playing a football match only to discover the rules have changed halfway through the game. No matter what we do, we still end up feelingoffside’ ⁦@BritishInEurope⁩ #EUCitizens #brexit #migrantvoices 
Supermarket giants have warned the Treasury that a no-deal Brexit would force up the price of the average weekly food basket by as much as 12%  
This man knows the score, no nancyboy tippy tappy rubbish taking 10 minutes to get the ball up the pitch. Get the ball pumped up high to a big man, No Deal Brexit football all the way. Get Sam back in the First Division sharpish.  
£1 in June 2016 = €1.34£1 in Aug 2018  = €1.061l unleaded petrol June 2016 £1.041l unleaded petrol Aug 2018  £1.29Everything is getting more expensive and our money is worth 25% less because of Brexit. 
Mogg blasts Chequers plan and warns PM ‘not to rely on Labour to secure Brexit deal’ 
The WTO option is now the best choice for Brexit 
I'm a remain voter and totally against anything which removes Freedom of Movement. I don't want to live in the UK anymore, Brexit makes it very difficult to leave. If this means I have to fight, I will. 
Anti-Brexit group launches campaign to demonstrate the damage leaving the European Union could do to the UK games industry  
In March, the PM announced that the UK will no longer be part of the EU's Digital Single Market after our withdrawal.This means that if Brexit does happen, roaming charges to use your mobile phone in Europe may be re-introduced  
Disorder, deal or dead-end: How will Brexit play out?  
We need a Brexit so hard that this never happens again. Keep Spain British #hardbrexit 
We’ve reached peak Brexit  
Have changed my mind and now wish to remain in EU. Feel cheated by the referendum. I was lied to so made the wrong choice. 
"The British people should have the final say. Brexit must be put back to the electorate in the form of a people's vote."  
Yes Deborah. I voted Remain but was open-minded enough to graciously accept Leave won & to give Brexit a chance. Having witnessed the sheer incompetence, the blindness to rational analysis, wilful ignoring of  the national interest & pure arrogance I'm now fervently anti-Brexit. 
We're excited to announce the launch of Games4EU – the UK video games industry's fight to stay in the European Union. Sign up today and help us fight Brexit while there's still time! 
CBI effectively call for continuation of freedom of movement, but enforced by existing EU rules. So the key driver of #Brexit lies in tatters. We must fight to retain this precious gift to freely travel, study, work or love across Europe.  via @aw_bell 
If Trump's idiocy over Turkey triggers Financial Crisis 2.0, then we'll be relying on Trump and Erdogan's common sense and economic wisdom to prevent it from crashing the entire global trade system. And don't expect the UK to help this time, because Brexit and Tories. 
Deeply worrying 10% cut in NERC spending despite increase in science spending. How else can we deliver science to deal with floods, droughts, heatwaves, pollinators, plastics, fisheries, invasive species, post Brexit land use, greenest government ever etc.  
A new medical condition, Boris Derangement Syndrome, affects senior members of the Conservative Party who fear and hate Boris Johnson - chiefly those who loathe Brexit and blame Johnson for persuading the country to vote for it:  
Supermarkets warn that food prices could rise by 12% after March next year. Cheese, beef and chicken from the EU are likely to be hit by the biggest tariffs. No-one voted for higher food prices… let’s have a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal!  
‘No Deal’ Brexit Will Harm EU More, Admit Brussels Bureaucrats  
15/ Step 5: Plan for disruption. Chaos is always strongest when the things we take for granted stop working.The complexity of Brexit and the UK-EU trade relationship makes it almost inevitable that SOMETHING will break, at least temporarily. Hope for the best, plan for chaos. 
Will Dry - People are not rallying around #brexit.. they are increasingly frustrated that the whole thing is a complete mess & that is why you're seeing huge support for a #PeoplesVote... 45% support & 34% against + 112 constituencies have now flipped from leave to remain#FBPE 
WATCH: @Will_DryOFOC is absolutely right to say that the country is uniting behind a #PeoplesVote - the polling is clear, more & more people are demanding a say on the final Brexit Deal. Please RT:  
I'm sorry but if the Labour press team are allowed to get away with this clear and outrageous lie then our democracy is broken. The right lied through their teeth through Brexit and Labour have decided to join in on the party. 
BIG: Firms raising wages for workers due to lower EU migration. “The pressure is on employers to not only offer an attractive salary, but also additional benefits.”Cut migration post-Brexit and give British workers a pay rise! 
If most of the country either doesn't like the Brexit we're getting or simply doesn't like Brexit, whose "will" are we following?#MondayMotivation 
He saw Britain vote to LEAVEHe saw his own constituency vote to LEAVE...he "took soundings" from the EU about plans to delay and suspend Brexit   
“We now have the chance to give voice to millions of people who feel the establishment has screwed Brexit up over the past two years and want to take back control of the process through a People’s Vote.”  
"Capital will continue to flow into the UK...this idea that the City of London has to be smaller if there is no deal after Brexit simply doesn’t add up." 
Only one country has ever withdrawn from the EU. Here is how it went for them:Greenland originally joined the then-European Communities with Denmark in 1973. A referendum was held in 1982 ...  
People misunderstanding this accounts for 60% of my annoyance re: public statements on post-Brexit trade.  
4/. That’s just a few.  Who is the Elite again?  So that jab at Remainers is both hypocritical and divisive.Then look at how the Leaver Élite is preparing for Brexit, with foreign passports, homes and businesses.Not much love of country there.  Love of self, more like. 
Policy over personality, always, unless you’re 14 or a fucking idiot who works for Boris Johnson & Steve Bannon for free. Tory cuts kill people dead & that’s not hyperbole. Don’t want Brexit to happen? Neither do I. Join Labour, take it over & stop it. 
Also for those asking, I'm not sure why all of those on the Remain side of the panel went after me personally, I guess they couldn't quite comprehend that someone young and working class would dare take part in a debate arguing for Britain's bright future post-Brexit?  
All you need to know, the BNP backs Boris Johnson. Whilst some people are fooled by UKIP, no decent person would support anything the BNP says or does. 
I couldn’t vote. I’m a bargaining chip. My entire family voted Remain and still would. Friends of mine voted Leave and one told me that she regretted it *one week* after the referendum. 
My 84 year old mum voted leave....because of the £350 million for NHS line...She feels absolutely conned as  the promises of Leave Campaign shown to be  totally undeliverable. She wants a #PeopleesVote on the Final Brexit Deal 
Boris Johnson is a repeated proven liar, an amoral coward, a multi-time racist and a dangerously lazy minister. Those newspapers pretending otherwise because he voted for Brexit and makes for good copy should be deeply ashamed of themselves. 
It is a comforting fiction to think that Britain used to be ‘tolerant’ and ‘liberal’ before UKIP or the EDL or Brexit or whatever, and that language does a lot of work in modern British political discourse, but I’m afraid it is definitely a fiction. 
It's very much a matter for your party. Bannon is a white supremacist; has called for ppl to take up arms if there is a 'soft Brexit'; thinks convicted criminal Yaxley Lennon is "the backbone of England" and is setting up a foundation in Europe to support nationalist movements.  
Dear Leavers,Please could you supply realistic, fact checked answers to these 4 simple Brexit questions that are jeopardizing British jobs  
Farmers and meat processors have come together to tell the government that a no-deal Brexit would be "disastrous"  
My precise reasoning too. Would have accepted a soft Brexit EEA+ compromise at the start. As totally ruled out by HMG's redlines which dictate hard Brexit & the scale of lies & false promises more apparent &the flawed franchise I now after much deliberations support #PeoplesVote 
“I think a WTO Brexit is a good Brexit. It’s a clear Brexit. We’re in control of our laws, our money and our borders on day one." - @Jacob_Rees_Moggspeaking to the @FT 
Our @StaffMoorTories team had a stand at Manifold Show. Everyone who visited us was very angry about the PM's #ChequersPlan. They didn't see it as real #Brexit & now prefer No Deal. Staffordshire Moorlands voted 64.7% to leave the EU so let's #StandUp4Brexit! #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
So I just found out that #remainernow Emma here , will be speaking at the #PeoplesVote rally in Edinburgh this weekend. Well done to her and it's great that #bregretter voices are starting to be heard.#brexit #nothewillofthepeople 
Loads changing to remain under #RemainerNowNot seen any moving from remain to #Brexit, but 20 do every hour.My brother changed from leave to remain (immigration).Every hour since August 2016:80 leave voters change to remain20 voters change to leave 
Hi @Royston_Smith,You’re my MP and you campaigned for #Brexit.Will you be joining colleagues such as @andreajenkyns @bbradleymp @patel4witham and pledge to support our grassroots campaign to #StandUp4Brexit? The #ChequersPlan must be scrapped.@StandUp4Brexit 
After #Brexit, Whitehall will be the next target of a growing urge to 'take back control', says @MarkJLittlewood in today's @TimesBusiness  
The immediate consequences of a “no deal” Brexit in March could be worse for the European Union than for Britain, senior Brussels figures have said  
Brexit is making some people super rich and the British People poorer by the day. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
The fundamental point to understand about Theresa May is that she sees her job as being to deliver the best possible Brexit - for the EU.   
Voted Remain. Would have been open to an EEA/EFTA type compromise for the sake of national unity but as the hard Brexit lobby refuses to accept this a #PeoplesVote would be fair play and would vote Remain again. 
blog: The most important book you have never heard of, may explain Rees-Mogg love of hard Brexit  
For the next quarter at least, Remainers are going to have to find some other argument against Brexit than the claim that the Eurozone is growing faster than the UK  
Can I ask... and genuine answers please... has anyone changed their minds on #brexit now the facts are emerging... either way? 
"An extremely rich developed country is very close to deciding to voluntarily deprive itself of its food supply because 51.89 percent of voters in a referendum two years ago voted the wrong way."  
The WTO option is now the best choice for Brexit, says economist @RuthLeaEcon 
 Business activity in Scotland increases at the strongest rate for seven years - but Brexit uncertainty is on the rise.  
The metaphor for a no-deal Brexit is not negatioating to buy a car but negotiating to buy a parachute having already lept out of a plane. [Source: The Economist - No ordinary deal] 
One theme from YES right now is "We can't rush to #indyref2: if we lost, independence would be lost for ever."Bollox. We lost in 2014 and independence hasn't gone away. All any movement needs is the ability to elect a government that will grant a referendum. We did - three times 
You wonder why it has taken 45 years for politicians and economists to realise this. 'Money will FLOW into Brexit Britain' Economist calls EU a 'difficult place for business'  
The #ConservativeParty manifesto  in 2015 pledged to give British Citizens abroad the vote.In 2016 they voted to ignore their manifesto and stopped 3.5 million Brits abroad from voting in the Referendum.It's  because they thought they would vote #remain.#fbpe . 
The idea in "Pallavi Joshi" explanation is certainly a stolen one from a  popular Scottish ad 'The  woman who made up her mind' where a mother  with a cup of coffee  explains Scottish Referendum in a like manner. Have  a look!!!  
Supermarket giants have warned the Treasury that a no-deal #Brexit would force up the price of the average weekly food basket by as much as 12%.This is yet another reason for a #PeoplesVote 
BREAKING: 'This is NOT Brexit!' FURY among Conservative grassroots as May faces summer of discontent.  
In the event of a no-deal Brexit and our falling back on WTO rules, am I right in thinking there would be no EU tariff higher than sterling’s depreciation since the referendum? 
Britain is heading to be an isolated little pawn between the global players in the world. The EU has protected us and given us influence on the world stage. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
The Bank of England has ploughed billions of the Treasury’s foreign currency reserves into euros since the Brexit referendum, in an apparent vote of confidence in the single currency. So much for taking back control, huh Brexiters?   
"There is a bold way out. That is to conduct a referendum where all the citizens of J&K have a vote. In Junagarh and Hyderabad, a popular vote cemented integration. Kashmir was also promised such a popular vote,"  
I hope that our PM listens. We must deliver on #Brexit. The strength of feeling let down is immense. We will not be forgiven by the electorate. Also please replace Olly Robbins! #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
I've been in favour of a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit for as long as I can remember. We finally had one on 23 June 2016, and I'm still waiting for the Government to honour the result. 
Stuart Thomson, who co-founded the anti-Brexit group Veterans for Europe, believes Britain will be weaker outside the EU and branded the decision to leave as 'cowardly'.   
Watching a 'beer after Brexit' segment on @CNN and it's clear that almost everyone talks like a goon after they have had a drink. 
GOV - we’ll stop sending vast sums of £ to the EU after BrexitPeople - but it’s only 37p each a dayGOV - we don’t want to remain shackled to the EU & will forge our own path to prosperityPeople - why are you converting cash reserves to Euros?GOV - Burqas, terrible eh?  
Great Northern Stop Brexit Conference 8th September @LeedsEurope with @Jude_KD @natalieben @mikegalsworthy @albawhitewolf @emmyzen @julie4nw @Femi_Sorry @acgrayling @RCorbettMEP pic.twitter.com/UexLxyk49C 
Conclusion - this sums up the UK Government's approach to making international economic policy decisions with Brexit only 7 months away.  
Who in their right mind would believe that another referendum on our EU membership was anything other than pressure from the EU - pressure they always apply when a country votes against them. And. . . who would trust the count ? Quickest way to riots would be another referendum! 
Two Brexit stories this morning linked by one theme - the inability of the UK Government to make realistic decisions... 
Fact is, Jenkyns, you illiberal elite will never understand why so many voted for Brexit. For too long people have been ground down by your austerity and sold the snake oil of xenophobia. I love our country and truly believe in its future as a leading part of something greater.  
I've just been told people will die due to Brexit, be it because of neglect or violence.Good God.  Where do people get such ideas & what are they so afraid about?  The UK is leaving a political union - not cutting itself off from the world! 
Hi @Simonhartmp We’re very interested to read about the new Brexit Delivery Group you’re heading: for MPs seeking to deliver on the manifesto promises - is that right?We’re looking forward to hearing more of the groups aims & pledges to #StandUp4Brexit 
To all those people sick of hearing about Brexit. I’m sick  of hearing about it too. I want it eradicating to extinction. Then I never want to hear or speak the word ever again. If you wish Remainers, like me, would just should up about Brexit, support a #PeoplesVote now 
As the Tories take our farmers to the Brexit abyss the Scottish Government does what it can to help farmers through the current weather related difficulties.   
Gulf War veteran fears Brexit will destroy UK - “Brexit is the single most cowardly thing this country has ever done. We are one of the major powers in Europe and we are just running away." 
A very unpleasant  read , to say the least , but stick with it - the arrogant boasting of those who seek to destroy democracy means we are forewarned and can be ready....DELINGPOLE: Brexit's Phoney War Is over; the Trump-Style Revolution Has Begun  
It’s Monday.And Michel Barnier nails it when he says no one can see the value added in #Brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
The facts about #Brexit have most certainly changed over the past two years and I’ve now changed my mind about that too. When once I quietly accepted a democratic vote to make Brexit happen, I don’t any more.  
Needless to say, Theresa May has stupidly squandered yet another opportunity to back our most important military, strategic and economic trading partner and to bolster the UK’s position with the US ahead of Brexit. Instead she sides with the EU countries trying to screw us over.  
The Brexiters tell us that Leavers knew exactly what they voted for & would vote for it again. So why are they so worried about the prospect of another referendum? #PeoplesVote #FinalSay@Bremaininspain 
PM's soft Brexit could put 25 Tory seats at risk and hand Corbyn keys to No10  
All this statistic tells you, really, is that cutting stamp duty is not the obvious candidate to solving the housing crisis unless you define the housing crisis as 'Brexit means the value of our readers' houses are falling'. 
Theresa May is drawing up a plan to retain important EU rules for longer after Brexit  
Boris and Brexit are why I abandoned  the Conservative Party. In 2015 the Conservatives said yes to the single market, were pro business and said they’d put the national interest and economy first. But as Brexit is none of these things I refused to vote conservative last year. 
largest riddle of #Brexit: why do progressives want to remain a member of a union that has been a machine for privatization, free trade and austerity, in short: of neoliberalization? I sincerely do not get it... 
This pressure cooker salmon came out so good!! Top with a slice of lemon, some fresh dill, and @ICBInotbutter for the perfect healthy meal. Less food drama because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fat than butter! #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
‘Rees-Mogg says people criticise Johnson because they are jealous.’ Jealous of someone who lied and cheated their way to Brexit, & is stoking cultural & racial conflict to get to No 10? Most of us criticise Johnson because we now loathe him 
‘The marriage of xenophobia and incompetence’: welcome to Brexit  
I Hope #Brexit gets sorted out quickly. Sick of people moaning wanting to stay in the EU. I voted remain but there was a democratic vote and remain lost. Time to get positive, make the change and start rebuilding the country! #NoTimeForMoaners 
The fundamental problem for Tories is that they have already lost ground among Remainers, millennials and most of the middle-class – a soft position on Brexit now alienates the very Leavers and working-classes who flocked to them at the election last year.  
Posted late last night so you may have missed it…New blog post on how a political crisis in the U.K. can be the way to stay in the EU#brexit 
Editorial: Austerity will continue to harm Britain for years to come, and Brexit won’t help matters  
Firms in Brexit 'supply shock' as EU workers stay away  
The Bank of England has ploughed billions of the Treasury’s foreign currency reserves into euros since the Brexit referendum, in a vote of confidence in the single currency.  
This is a @BBCNews story about a demonstration by 20 people in the US. Anti-Brexit demos in the UK numbering less than 100k? No, not sufficiently relevant. Nazi rally in America with fewer demonstrators than shoppers in my local Tesco Express? Top story! -  
Sarah, you lot had 40 years to plan for this and 2 years to come up with a DESCRIPTION of what you want to replace EU membership. And you have failed miserably to do either of those things.Do you think people are dumb? We can see the vacuum at the heart of Brexit. 
At the bottom of this article are the 112 Uk consotiumencies that voted leave & are #remainernowGood to see constituencies of anti-brexit MPs like @thomasbrake & @Anna_Soubry turn and then also number 100, that of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg.#PeoplesVote 
Companies in Brexit 'supply shock' as fewer EU citizens come to UK. Businesses are struggling to fill vacancies as a result of drop in new EU workers  
"ARE REMAINERS HAPPY to keep British foreign & defence policies in the hands of this unelected, former communist bureaucrat? Really?" Read another cutting pro-#Brexit insight:  
Good morning! Please join me for my #NoNonsense @talkRADIO show from 6.30am to 10am when our topics will include the Boris burka row, Brexit talks resume, police chases, Moss Side shooting, A level results, killer cyclists, the 17stone 10yr old & Nasa probe to the sun...  
The 1% real elite conned 52% to vote for brexit that will benefit only 1% at the expense of 99% which includes 52%. The real tragedy is so many of 52% cling to a brexit with religious fervor rather than admit they were misled. 'Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me 
#Brexit: David Cameron did even more damage than you think @matt_bevington  This piece originally featured in @prospect_uk 
Your "country", Andrea, is the much vaunted post #brexit Greater English Reich, wherein my country, Scotland, will be wholly subsumedYours is a vision of continued English domination of these islands. Of establishing an overtly repressive, xenophobic, fascistic little England  
'Money will FLOW into Brexit Britain' Economist calls EU a 'difficult place for business'  
#Brexit  To all of you shut up  were leaving the EU. Give it a bloody rest FFS. David Lammy, Anna Soubry, Chuka Umunna, Alastair Campbell, Diane Abbott, Sir Vince Cable, Sarah Wollaston. Tony Blair, John Major, Ken Clarke, Owen Jones & Kevin Maguire. Stop trying derail BREXIT.  
Supermarkets that want to rise food prices should face public boycotts till they understand Brexit is not an excuse for their greed and fear spreading. 
The Sikhs are a wonderful people. We must persuade those asking for a referendum on Khalistan to give up the claim and stay on. Muscle won’t do. We need to win their hearts. Let’s start by giving them justice for what we did to them when Mrs Gandhi was assassinated. 
Theresa May is having trouble selling Brexit both abroad and at home. 60% of respondents to a poll do not expect her to get the right deal  
#POTUS has delivered. So we have to deliver too. By that I mean we gotta get out there, go door to door, ring door bells, do voter registration drives and get people to vote, because November is going to be a referendum on #Trump, #AmericaFirst and the #MAGA agenda. PREPARE NOW! 
Iran 1979.. referendum for Islamic rule. 99.31% voted yes.Only 0.69 are proven right today in 2018.A lesson to learn... pic.twitter.com/yrVlah1zy2 
Referendum was corrupted by Leave lies, fraud, likely foreign interference & illegal strategies. Now suggestion financial predators colluded with pollsters to talk up prob. of Remain win & so profit by shorting the £, as well as lulling Remain voters. Stop Brexit. Hold inquiry. 
The Foreign Office insists that Britain's overseas territories will not be any worse off after Brexit than Britain. That is hardly reassuring  
What a laugh this guy is! What a charming good guy giving tea to the press after saying inflammatory things about marginalised women & lying flagrantly to bring us an unplanned disastrous Brexit that will break our country. If he is our next Prime Minister, he is all deserve.  
I own a fair sized medical disposables wholesaler and have many serious concerns. Costs are rising steeply I pass these on. The NHS pays more. That’s not taking back control ; that’s killing something we all love. Brexit is a farce. Don’t be fooled. 
Brexit: the Dunkirk Option - given the enthusiasm for inventing new, named "options" to supplement the Efta/EEA, Swiss and WTO options, perhaps we ought to recognise the disaster scenario by giving it its own name...  #Brexinfo. 
A group of 50 Tory MPs in favour of a pragmatic Brexit are setting themselves up to challenge the ERG under Rees-Mogg. Perhaps they should adopt the name European Sell-out Group. Meanwhile a poll in Leave areas has found support for any new party willing to finish the job. 
The much talked about Referendum 2020, designed and conceived by Pakistan, turned out to be a damp squib as it failed to draw an anti-India supportRead @ANI Story |  
Brexit doom-mongers warn of talent SHORTAGE in UK as number of EU workers in Britain DROP  
The best present i want on this now gone #SocialistSunday is for Mr. Corbyn and Mr. McDonnell to wake up to the fact that more and more @UKLabour voters and constituenties are opposing #Brexit, back the #PeoplesVote and Downing Street is ours. 
112 seats switch to support UK staying in EU - poll.The constituencies of Michael Gove and Boris Johnson now support staying in the EU, according to a major new poll.Time for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit with an #OptionToStay in the EU. 
Bring it on...new centrist party...justbthe ticket. Neither the #BrexitShambles backing Right nor the #Brexit backing left can be trusted with the future of our great country. They do not represent the majority opinion...#PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay 
...Because when your Husband said 'The British people are sick and tired of experts', even he knew Brexit was based on lies.  The fucking Pob-Faced twat.  
Sterling weakens for an eighth straight day against the US dollar - matching longest run of daily losses since the Brexit vote.  
Hi @ToryBoyPierce haven't seen you quote any Brexit polls lately but based on them they should quietly drop Brexit too!  
Thread on Ukrainian interference in our 2016 election, BUT, not before Obama interfered to take out their Govt. ( also Israel’s election, Brexit and Lybia’s govt). You will recognize some names from the previous thread! Can only post 25 at once - it will be completed! 
Make your mark in the beauty industry and in the world. Buy a  shirt and help girls become strong, smart and bold. Proceeds benefit Girls, Inc. 
Serious question .... there seems to be some brexit voters who would now vote remain..... are there any remain voters who would now vote brexit ? 
Labour Remainers, if you want Labour leaders to listen to you, then you have to look like you are about to defect. In modern politics loyalty makes you a doormat to be walked over. It is disloyalty that wins respect.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit 
It's gone from "we hold all the cards" to "leave cancelled for police in anticipation of no deal brexit".Meanwhile we discover your husband's campaign illegally funneled funds through a false front, BeLeave.  
Companies in Brexit 'supply shock' as fewer EU citizens come to UK  
The Govt & Opposition have buggered off on hol but that's ok..less of their #Brexit BS & when they come back they'll find out #Remain, #FBPE #ABTV have grown exponentially. Neither now represent the majority Will which is clearly to #StopBrexit.Ignore us at your peril! #FinalSay 
We really need some proper televised debates on Brexit:  @Andrew_Adonis vs @Jacob_Rees_Mogg@NickCohen4 vs @BorisJohnson@mrjamesob vs @Nigel_Farage But the Brexiteers won’t because they know that Brexit is a disaster, and have lost the argument. 
Carl Bernstein: "I think that this is a dangerous time for America, that we have a president with no regard for the rule of law or for the truth. 
Brexit always has been about playing the victim. Otherwise why do we need to be plucky and go it alone? We could instead be grown ups and get on with our fellow EU members. 
Sikh separatists rally in Trafalgar Square for independence referendum#Punjab #Khalistan #LDN2020Declaration 
"Islamophobic incidents have spiked since Johnson’s controversial article was published a week ago and therefore the Conservative party process needed to go beyond its initial stage." 
How the hell will the NHS survive post Brexit?  
Please continue tweeting about the dangers of Brexit @DeborahMeaden . Thank you for speaking out  
But given that sneering is to smile at something contemptuously (spelling?) I'm quite happy to be labelled with that when, for example, I ask politicians what's going to be the impact of having no technitium after brexit and no one can answer. Because they have. No. Clue. 
113 years ago today, Norway had a referendum and voted for independence from Sweden.  
jesus fuckin christ, next time al try n be a bit MORE OBVIOUS wae ma brexit parody tweets. the amount ae folk who hink am bein serious is mental. IMAGINE ABU HAMZA PLAYING THE QUEEN???? 
now everyone starts to think what #MAGA meantif Turkey falls, some European banks fall (as usual) and so will the EUR, Russia tumbles, capital flight into save haven JPY (last think what BoJ needs), China keeps devalue CNY, hard BREXIT in UK leads to fall in GBPboom 
It now appears that Turkey is about kaput. Wonder if the EU will be bribed to bail it out because of migrant crisis.Let's get on with Brexit to set ourselves free. 
#Brexit claims to be patriotic. But that is perhaps its point of greatest vulnerability. Almost everwhere you look, foreign hands, mostly of the American right wing kind, have their fingers deep in the Brexit pie. And then if course there is Putin. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
We need a PM who believes in Brexit.. 
This Brexit is falling apart before our eyes.  
Can you name one benefit of Brexit? Backed by an economic analysis or study?In what way will British people gain from Brexit?And why would you write Leave in all capitals as if its something to be proud of? You support the destitution of your country. Why are you proud of it? 
Johnson’s language has long been redolent of the far right (“watermelon smiles”, “piccaninnies”, “part-Kenyan president’s ancestral dislike”). Rees-Mogg favours sadistic no-deal Brexit, opposes equal marriage and abortion in all circumstances and backs punitive welfare cuts. 
If anyone voted for the current #Brexit mess they are either mad or an enemy if the state!!! David Cameron got us into this... you have a responsibility @theresa_may to get us out of it. It will take courage and care. There will be millions with you. 
I have a Cambridge degree and voted for #Brexit - so does that make me uneducated? 
The Unionist manifestoWestminster wants Scotland as a region, not a nationWestminster wants to dilute the devolve government until its nothing more than a parish council then dissolve itScotland & her people deserve betterTime for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum  
Why would anyone vote for Brexit now? After the utter shambles of this Brexiteer government for the last two years... thats what I want to know. 
When I launched the people’s vote at the march I stood on stage and held a mic-I’d never even sung karaoke on a mic let alone stand in front of 200k plus people-let’s hope when recess ends common sense prevails and we are given a vote now it’s clear brexit is a disaster !  
Thought I’d put this up again.A compromise that leave and remain voters should be able to live with?Something that ticks boxes on both sides?Something that deals with genuine concerns?Something that will help #Brexit actually work rather than just happen?Time for #EFTA #EEA. 
People are talking of #neglexit-the things not being done because #Brexit is taking up all of the political oxygen.Ex: there is something like 30 billion set aside for Brexit. And people need housing;the NHS needs helpIt's crazy.#InYourGutsYouKnowItsNuts 
Your husband and his pals spent time saying a Brexit deal would be easy. Now they're loudly proclaiming there won't be one.What do you expect people to do when you Brexiters promised the former but delivered the latter? To just be okay with it? 
There's nothing clean about a clean #Brexit.That would be expensive isolation.We need a deal with the EU.And we already have one:It's called EU membership.And it cannot be bettered.#BBCwestminHour 
No confidence over Brexit  
`Deluded, desperate, brainwashed and uneducated voted for #brexit`Unlike this chap, I believe that those who voted for Leave knew what they were voting for. Unbelievable claptrap!  
this right here is one of my favourite statistics about the referendum. we're doing all this, for no reason, and like, they never even cared that much  
@TwopTwips PREPARE yourself for the thrill of living in a post-Brexit economy by filling up your petrol tank at a motorway service station 
sorry but a typical leave voter was a retired jingoistic boomer who owned their home outright and didn't really care that much about the referendum outcome.these puffballs talking about the establishment elite poking the brexit bear are just lying lol. just shameless. 
As a genuine grassroots #Conservatives member I would back @BorisJohnson in any leadership contest.Britain deserves a Prime Minister who believes in #BrexitPlease Retweet if you agree#MayMustGo 
I admire and welcome the thoughtfulness and courage of @gavinesler and others like him. His article is well worth a read - it exposes the lies we’re all fed. I do believe our country needs to rethink #Brexit now the realities are clearer  
Britain will be BETTER OFF after Brexit: Poll shows businesses BRIMMING with confidence  
This Week's Premiership Results.BurqaBoris 1  Theresa 0BrexitBoris 1  Theresa 0Public SupportBoris 1  Theresa 0Upcoming FixturesLeadership ballot  
Brilliant by @gavinesler“So what can we do to minimise the damage?First, continue to expose the Brexit fantasies...Second, compare the promises of the Brexit Bunch with what they actually do with their own lives and finances. Third...follow the money” 
Hello @Jacob_Rees_Mogg; is this a company that’s connected to you?Why would anyone need to “Brexit-proof” their investments?Brexit is going to be awesome, there are only benefits, and we’re all going to be better off, right? Ammiright?! pic.twitter.com/KzPWJz6hrG 
Brexit: ‘They don’t know what they’re doing’Leave-voting areas like Swansea are turning their back on Brexit and going #Remain.With more and more people wanting to stay in the EU, here’s why we need a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToStay: 
You're an MP. On the government benches. You're married to an MP. ON the government benches. You're a Brexiteer. Brexit won. Brexit is happening. There is no "liberal elite" there's a Brexit elite. And you're it. YOU are the elite. Stop behaving like a victim.  
Just seen this picture as a UKIP supporter's Twitter header.They've really changed their tune in the last 2 years. I thought Brexit would leave us to the land of milk & honey? This slogan is a hell of a lot less catchy than their original shit. pic.twitter.com/DwyhIQ0ME0 
Many of the people who trash Brexit are lefties and Anglophobes who might as well be aliens. Get them off British screens - PERMANENTLY!  
June 24th 2016 a strong PM speaks:The referendum result has split to country and is too close to call. There is no clear mandate. To respect the result we will now perform a series technical studies to see whether #Brexit is right for the country. An informed vote will follow. 
As polls suggest people are changing their minds over #Brexit, what are you hoping for?- RT for larger sample size - 
Turkish Lira keeps falling, now at 7.1 vs $.Banks and corporates heavily exposed to hard currency debt.President Erdogan continues to deny economic reality.A useful warning for policymakers advertising a make-believe economics#Brexit #EuroExit@FT  
Wales if there were another Brexit referendum and the results of the 1997 devolution referendum. Impact of Welsh/British identity. H/T @ObsrvntPheasant for the first map 
Michel Barnier - I profoundly regret #Brexit but now we have to try & implement it... just like in Europe... no one I met in the United States could find any added value to #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May has been on a charm offensive around Europe. But Britons have little faith in Brexit negotiations   
I see @TateLyleSugars is the sugar of choice to the press pack by Boris - they see Brexit as a ‘golden opportunity’ to be rid of Brussels’ prohibitively high import tariffs and protectionist sugar and trade policies  
I’m quite happy to continue sneering, on the basis that no Brexiters are able to provide ANY concrete reasons why Brexit is a good idea. Dogma over logic. 
Stop the EU BREAKING NEW!!THERESA MAY GONE ‘SACKED’ #P45BORIS JOHNSON elected Leader of the Conservatives & PM with immediate effect with JACOB REES-MOGG as Chancellor.Anna Soubry, Dominic Grieve & Philip Hammond resignations accepted as NEW #BREXIT Government to be formed.  
Remaining in the EU is the death of meaningful politics.#Brexit  
Brexit is for the few, like Jacob Rees-Mogg. It's not for the many. The voters don't want it, especially in @UKLabour constituencies. Dump it. Now.#PeoplesVote 
How can 48% be elite?Did you know we love our country? Did you know we already control our borders?Did you know Brexit will cause a 15bn hit to public finances for each of the next 5 years?Did you know being in the EU helped our global trade?  
Hm... of course what Johnson did was terrible. Yes, a new low in many ways. But can we please remember that the Tories stood at this fork about 5 years or so ago. They long since made their choice, from hostile environment to hate-filled Brexit rhetoric.  
"Brexit is the single most cowardly thing this country has ever done. We are one of the major powers in Europe and we are just running away."#Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles Gulf War veteran fears Brexit will destroy UK  
The anti-Brexit columnist of the Sunday Times, Camilla Long, insists that Boris’s burka jokes were a cold calculation in  a deliberate bid for the Tory leadership. Please. They were only meant to spice up an article on the burka ban in Denmark. He is lucky his enemies are so dim. 
If it's scaremongering, why didn't you replay to @DeborahMeaden tweet asking for someone to explain the benefits of brexit? Spoiler alert. Not one person has yet. 
If you're sick and tired from arguing about Brexit, just look at how Alison Moyet handles it  
An article by @ianbirrell making it very clear that #Brexit & Islamophobia are just parts of a transatlantic war on democracy, in which Bannon plays a critical role linking mainstream politicians & big money with the fascist right. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Given the evidence that has emerged that referendum did not satisfy constitutional requirements, and May's claim in her letter and elsewhere that referendum was the decision, the EU is entitled and arguably has a duty to question whether UK has complied with treaty obligations.  
13 seconds of Clyde built Sweeney getting cheered on by Ruth Davidson at the Project Fear eve of referendum event, 17th September 2014.  
What nonsense - Ireland is massively in favour of #EU membership and most find Farage and his ilk risible & repulsive...Inspired by Brexit , party focused on Ireland’s exit from EU to be launched September –  – Our News, Your Views 
600,000 people have signed our petition calling for a referendum on the Brexit deal - add your name here #FinalSay  
Farmers and meat processors have come together to tell the government that a no-deal Brexit would be "disastrous".But Jacob Rees-Mogg, our farm & meat expert disagrees, shouting WTO WTO WTO!!! 
Wow, Is there anything Dina Asher-Smith can't do? The 22-year-old runs an electric last leg to take Britain's 4x100m relay women from fourth to the gold medal in a world lead 41.88 sec. Time to put her in charge of solving Brexit, surely? 
I love our Country, our Queen and our People. I also believe in Global Britain at the centre of our precious European Union. This is precisely why I am standing up against the Brexit fantasy which will impoverish the UK and remove people’s rights. #stopbrexit #euloudandproud 
Tony Blair - The Labour Party has been taken over by the very far left & they're traditionally eurosceptics but on the other hand the party as a whole is definitely PRO-EU.. so I don't think they'd help facilitate #brexit.. if they did that would profoundly split the party.  
Why Europe should help Britain to cancel Brexit  (via @bopinion) 
Or because of bungling incompetent Brextremists, like your hubby, who cannot deliver what they promised during the referendum campaign?Yes, let’s go with that. 
Recent data has been circulating today about Brexit and how people  in Wales are turning against it. For those who are curious, this is  what the swing towards remain does to the map:  
'Money will FLOW into Brexit Britain' Economist calls EU a 'difficult place for business'  
Legitimacy of referendum aside, this video is a joke & everyone knows it. This isn't the "patriotic Hindu Sikh Community"; there isn't a single Sikh in that crowd. They're all Hindus, most of them don't even look Punjabi and unlike Sikh uncles, the baba at the front can't dance  
Clarification: none of this means that I'd elect Boris Johnson caliph. The man is part of a group that really needed a better Brexit plan and he kind of looks like a letterbox himself 
A Passionate appeal by a lady Dolly who came to understand what Referendum 2020 is all about. It is to address and listen to the issues of people of Punjab and resolve them to avoid such situations to arise. #ReporterDiary Report: @loveenatandon 
The Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference: 15 superb speakers have been announced so far, who will be "Creating a Vision of a New Britain without Brexit". You can participate, by joining this day-long conference in #Leeds on 8 September. Tickets are selling fast - not many left. 
Just a message to Remainers. Once we've left, we won't forget you tried to sabotage the referendum result. There will be no burying the hatchet. No setting things aside. Hate will remain. Guaranteed. 
So Brexit could quite easily lead to a lot of deaths, is this going to be treated as manslaughter or premeditated murder. Who is to blame. 
#Brexiteer MP joins campaign to BLOCK May’s #Brexit plan "We will have left in name only. For me, Chequers is Brexit in name only"For [many] reasons, I’m going to stand up for #Brexit and say #ChuckChequers It’s a no deal for me" #StandUp4Brexit 
It's not surprising that some of the classist hot takes on housing and homelessness are coming from people with Together for Yes twibbons considering the amount of abuse @merj_ireland got from those same people any time we brought up racism during the referendum. 
Daily Express: Gentleman Boris treats undeserving rabbleThe Guardian: Boris Johnson remains tight-lipped in offensive niqab rowThe Sun: Brexit traitors steal Johnson family chinaBBC: __________Daily Mail: Strong tea causes cancerSquawkbox: BJ teabags journalists  
Text of my article in today’s Sunday Telegraph on the need for @conservatives to unite behind our core values and a shared commitment to a renewed domestic policy agenda that seeks to seize the opportunities of Brexit #renewal 
Remainer scaremongering is getting more desperate. We’ve had threats of no sandwiches,super STD’s & food/medicine shortages.The facts however show Brexit is working with stronger economic growth than the Eurozone,UK exports at an all time high & unemployment lowest for generation  
Stopping Brexit us an even better idea, as our current deal is far superior than anything else. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
BBC Sweaty started this last week. Purely speculative and a deliberate ploy to undermine any referendum before it’s announced. We can smell their fear. #DissolveTheUnion 
Hi @ABridgen, Something tells us that you are pro #Brexit.We wondered if you would join other pro Brexit MPs in joining our #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan?@bbradleymp @andreajenkyns @patel4witham @HenrySmithUK @mariacaulfield & others have  
EU Naval Force To Move Headquarters Due To Brexit  
I’m not completely sure, what you mean.But I am not from London, I am Welsh and lived in the North for 35 years.I understand the North’s pain.They voted for Brexit when their problems were all of our governments making.I am lucky to live in London now, near my grandchildren. 
Steenhuisen is dumb. The public hearings weren’t a referendum. Majority of whites opposing land expropriation means very little.  
Well Well!!"Bank of England has ploughed billions of foreign currency reserves into euros since Brexit referendum. Britain now holds more euros than dollars in its reserves, reversing position of Jun 2016. UK gov betting on stability of euro even as pushes for break with EU!!"  
We are always being told because of Brexit our economy is stagnant and there is no real growth.Well in the last Qtr The U.K. economy grew 0.4%The French economy grew 0.2% , the EU grew 0.3%Very encouraging figures and ignored mostly by the MSMBad news for the EU and remainers 
Belief is all you have. Fact free quasi religious rhetoric Majority are #remain >100 constituencies have swung. Name a brexit benefit other than for the tax avoiding elite & disaster capitalists? How will brexit benefit those whom you mendaciously pretend to champion? #FinalSay 
I signed the open letter demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal for the sake of our NHS as I know first-hand the damage Brexit will cause - if you're a healthcare professional then sign it too -  @HealthierIN 
#Brexit. We should forget about a second referendum and simply dump Brexit. #Remain 
POLLS are meaningless regarding Brexit. There's been an actual vote in case you forgot.  
If I'd known this before the referendum I'd have voted Remain just so that your grandchildren don't have to suffer the abject horror of a fictional Boursin shortage.  
Chris Skidmore MP has been appointed by May to head the party’s policy commission. He wants to talk about anything save Brexit. But he has no new policies to offer. This failure plus the mass desertion of pro-Brexit voters  if May survives will doom the Tories for decades. 
Newport West Constituency among the 112 that have changed their view on BREXIT since the referendum in the Observer analysis - from 47 Remain to 51. 
“Brexit is the single most cowardly thing this country has ever done. We are one of the major powers in Europe and we are just running away."  
We are leaving...the EU...what's the problem with you people...Accept the result of the referendum... 
The same SMEs and business who we are going to cause serious problems with Brexit plus those educated and hard working incomers who arrive ready to go at no cost to our education system?  
Nicola's dilemma. She's faced with what will be a profoundly damaging act to the people of Scotland - #Brexit next March. Her choices? To park independence to either persuade a #British_PM to listen to her, or help #UK_Remain to kill it - or launch the process to get Scotland out 
So he ‘feels guilty’ about his fellow hacks being made to wait outside covering his attention seeking, but not about lying and lawbreaking in referendum, disloyalty to a PM, or inspiring extremists to attack women. Total charlatan. Revolting on so many levels  
What utter rubbish. Leavers had one job - come up with a workable plan for Brexit. Your failure to do so in two years is why Brexit has failed. 
Theresa May facing Boris and Brexit challenges  – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Congratulations to Matty O’Trentin who won the EU jersey for Ireland today! Chateau! Just a shame no British riders will be able to take part next year because of Brexit!!  
The country is turning Jess and we need our party to represent us.I’ve only voted labour for 45 years and I so want to do so again.At the moment with their Brexit stance, I don’t feel able to. 
It is ironic that those Leavers backing #Brexit because of sovereignty are supporting politicians who want to hand over much of that sovereignty to a super-rich elite who couldn't care less about Britain and its people.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
In 2017, senior MPs and MOD officials told us personally that the UK would finally be out of EU Commission military structures and definitely wouldn’t join PESCO.Cabinet Office and Remainer ministers had different ideas and have incrementally lined up post-Brexit membership.  
@mrjamesob @Andrew_Adonis @mikegalsworthy Anyone living in UK with large sums invested in non-Sterling assets will be delighted with a no-deal #Brexit.Immediate windfall benefit rises exponentially with size of fall in £ Sterling.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg is one of many similar. 
Liam Halligan in the Sunday Telegraph offers a reassuring analysis of the UK economy but warns that the coming months could see a downturn due to government policy which he writes, ‘seems to be to make as big a mess of Brexit as possible’ with ‘half-in half-out fantasies’. Quite! 
This is  accurate from @eloisetodd Many people voted leave based on promises that will not materialize and #brexit is far more expensive and complex than most people imagined and it's for these reasons the UK has become #RemainerNow We can and should #StopBrexit 
Heard a lot of bollocks about how great Wolves are and how the city should be fearing them next Saturday. Load of rubbish, tippy tappy bullshit won't fly don't Filbert Street. Hard Brexit Harry Maguire will wallop their Portuguese blocks off. Up the city! 
Why is October the deadline for the Brexit negotiations?Because once it's been concluded between the negotiators, it will need to be approved by the EU Council, made of national governments, several of whom require approval from their national parliaments. 
Yet Rees-Mogg was perfectly happy for May to use the votes of Labour Brexit MPs to pass the ERG amendments!  
The major study published yesterday found Swansea has seen one of the biggest swings by former leave voters against Brexit. Great to see all our hard work and campaigning locally is paying off  
In a referendum, 93% of JNU teachers voted in favour of the present vice-chancellor quitting his office. The reasons for such widespread rejection are not difficult to see.   | @MonobinaG 
So let me get this right...the UK Govt who hate and distrust the EU so much they want to leave it, is shifting its cash into Euros because of Brexit because the Euro is more stable than Sterling or the Dollar..  ?   
A Total Cock-Up from start to finish!Minister: "They have managed to engineer a total disaster.There is not a serious political brain in or around Downing St.Trying to silence Boris is stupid, especially when majority of people agree with him!"#Brexit 
It's official - the people of Swansea have changed their minds on Brexit, and local leave voters have been telling us that again today when we went out with our Brexitometer  
LONDON CALLING: BBC bias during the 2014 Scottish independence referendum  
There is no hard or soft brexit!17.4 million people voted to leave EU!OUT MEANS OUT! 
Alex, just for a laugh you should genuinely copy and paste an old article and just update a few references then post it. I bet nobody would notice because we all just assume that's what you do anyway. We'll have our vote when Theresa May finally gets a Brexit plan together. 
A pre-Brexit exodus of bankers is hitting London's property prices and rents, Bank of England policy maker says  
As the major study published this weekend showed - leave voting Swansea has turned decisively against Brexit. And we certainly found this to be the case when we went out with our brexitometer in Swansea earlier today   
BREXIT: These Brexit-voting areas in Merseyside 'have now switched to Remain' /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
As @DavidLammy says there are so many leave voters now concerned about what #brexit will mean for the country. The courageous ones speak out about it & join the #RemainerNow community. David please refer these guys to  we need a #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
Legatum is a think tank staffed mostly by UK citizens pushing a no deal brexit  the purpose of which is to ruin their own country so a foreign billionaire may make another fortune. Surely this is treason 
Seriously? You don't get that JC views EU as primarily a good thing, but flawed/needs reform? Doesn't make him eurosceptic, makes him big on honesty. And Democracy? Another thing Corbyn is big on. Respecting a referendum, & doing a party democracy review?  Bloody big clue. Wtf  
As polls suggest people are changing their minds over Brexit, @clivebull asks, what are you hoping for? 
If Brexit was a photo   
‘What a Carve Up for the Brexit generation.’ I’ll take that, thank you, @JonnyGeller.  
"Respect the referendum!"The advisory referendum that was railroaded through parliament, excluded significant stakeholders, was won by the finest of margins by fraud and lawbreaking, and that the country's changed its mind about?Which part exactly deserves respect? 
So the Labour heartlands now support Remain. Not surprising, seeing as it'll cost jobs and increase hardship. Corbyn's last remaining excuse for supporting Brexit is gone. It is no longer the will of most Labour constituencies.Over to you, Jezza#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
Most Labour Voters support #PeoplesvoteMost Labour Members support #peoplesvoteMost Labour constituencies support remain Most Labour MPs support remainSo tell me again what is Democratic about Corbyn supporting a corrupted referendum poll???? 
I’ve been on holiday. Did you notice I’d gone? No you probably didn’t. Because I was able to keep fighting #Brexit and also enjoy some down time. Which begs the question, why are our #MPs and the Govt taking the whole summer off with the UK facing a national crisis  
I have sent further message to Mr Rees-Mogg saying I am very happy to have an e-mail reply to my letter to him about ‘no deal Brexit.’ I don’t insist on quill & parchment 
If Brexit happens do you want to be inside or outside the Single Market? #skynews please RT for a big sample 
Still no reply to my letter to Rees-Mogg about contradictions and evasions in his so-called ‘no deal Brexit.’ Sky & the BBC should invite me to debate him on this, as I have on his u-turns on a people’s vote on the Brexit deal  
She is the worst PM we've ever had!   Sold the country out over BREXIT and shame on the Tories for appointing a remainer PM.  They have destroyed democracy!                #fo2eu 
UK is 10th largest exporter in the world. EU membership isn't the problem it's our woeful productivity due to poor infrastructure, huge skills gap, lack of investment, low innovation rate. Brexit is a Tory vanity project and will solve nothing. 
The Government’s current plans for Brexit would cause huge economic harm not only here in London, but across the country. Staying within the Single Market and the Customs Union is the only way to protect jobs and growth in London and across the UK.  
Remember : most in power have taken the summer off before Brexit. Very little ‘political’ in August is meaningful - not even tomorrow’s fish and chips wrappers anymore. But sometimes to make dull things exciting people SHOUT. It doesn’t make it important 
Let's be clear, it is now a battle between the #ERG #brextremists and the country. #brexit was just a cover and the country is realizing that now. It's not about #brexit anymore, it's about stopping an authoritarian takeover . 
Let's be honest with ourselves those that talk about a new centrist political party want it formed not to stop #Brexit but Corbyn as they hope it would lead to Theresa May winning the next election and causing a leadership review in the Labour Party. 
Went to our local vineyard yesterday and asked what sort of discount I could get if I bought a couple of cases of red each month. None apparently. I pointed out the local supermarket gets a 20% discount. Apparently they get a good deal because they've got more clout. #Brexit. 
Historic gathering of Sikh communities in Trafalgar Sq #LondonDeclaration demanding Referendum 2020 - I am proud to support #Khalistan.#Referendum2020 
Thanks for all responses to my letter to Mr Rees-Mogg about so-called ‘no deal Brexit.’ If you have a Tory/DUP MP, can I urge you to email him/her asking  for reply to same points? Please let me know the response on adonisa@parliament.uk 
Yes- it was advisory - we don’t need another Ref to stop Brexit.We just need the PM to sign a letter addressed to the EU which says ‘we are calling off #Brexit until we get our act together.’ Really. That’s it!#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit screws up our manufacturing industries It cuts off financial service firms from their biggest marketIt jeopardises peace in Northern Ireland and it shafts the NHS (through staff shortages and power funding)Is there ANY positive side to it?  
Very pleased that grey drizzly weather is back. Couldn't be doing with any more of them sunny hot days. Proper No Deal Brexit weather we can all enjoy. Cheers bob 
WALES VOTED LEAVE BUT IS #REMAINERNOWIn this article:- polling that shows 11 leave voting constituencies are #remainernow- a number of stories of regretful leavers- a hardworking anti-brexit MP (@geraintdaviesMP) bringing publicity to the above. 
Thousands of Sikhs from across the world gather in London for #LDN2020Declaration to demand Khalistan/to present the legal case for succession from India. India had protested with Britain against Sikh Referendum 2020 event but UK govt said Sikhs have right 2 assemble peacefully  
Top 4 most annoying people: 1.  People who stand on the left on escalators2.  People on trains who put their feet on the seats3.  People who stand chatting in the doorways of shops blocking the exit4.  Fucking whinging rremoaners who won’t stop bitching about Brexit. 
Yes. #Brexit is a Trojan horse for the biggest neo-liberal project of all time, Thatcherism 2.0, the disaster capitalist's wet dream - smash the economy, allowing the rich to swoop in & buy up assets at fire-sale prices, including (especially) cherished public services like #NHS. 
The tide is turning against Brexit but time is short and neither HMG nor Labour will sanction a #PeoplesVote so we're in for a very uncertain political time for the next 8 months. 
Many people who voted Remain did so because they love their country, queen, and see the UK as an outward-looking member of an international community with whom we trade as members of the EU and a sovereign country. Brexit voters don't have a monopoly on patriotism. 
Hargreaves Lansdown is using FB ads to entice worried Brits into "#Brexit-proofing", recommending Dublin-based funds of Somerset Capital Management.HL part-owned by Peter Hargreaves, Brexiter.SCM part-owned by Jacob Rees-MoggMP.That odour you smell is the stench of hypocrisy  
Two thirds of @UKLabour constituences now back #Remain.171 out of 262 Labour seats are Remain seats - 65%.MPs should back voters, members and constituences who all want to stay.Here’s the full list of 112 Brexit voting areas that now want to Remain: 
We urgently need to find a better phrase than "No Deal"."No Deal" sounds like walking away, keeping status quo."No Deal" sounds like simply no TRADE deal, people think it still includes transition period after which WTO will be fine."No deal" Brexit is in fact "Cliff Edge". 
That is the exact point.  Though #Brecit is also being done very badly , the promises made for it by the Leave campaign during the referendum were a false prospectus. There couldn’t ever be £350 million a week for the NHS or “easy” and very lucrative new trade deals.  
The liberal elite will never understand why so many people voted for #Brexit. For too long people have been sneered at for loving our country & believing that we can prosper beyond the EU borders. I love our Country, our Queen, our people & truly believe in Global Britain.  
The economic uncertainty caused by Brexit has already had an impact on the British people, with income falling for the poorest 30% of households. It is not too late to #ExitFromBrexit and demand better for the economy of the nation on behalf of some of the most vulnerable people. 
An organist who’d pulled out all the stops is found set up like a scarecrow. Suspicion falls on Midsomer-in-the-Marsh’s male escort, angry that Japanese knotweed might threaten the possibility of Victorian civilization being re-established following Brexit. 
The areas which voted Leave as a reaction against poverty and austerity have come to see that leaving the EU isn’t a fix for that, indeed it will only make it worse. This leaves a rump of affluent Tory shires as Brexit central.  
"It'll have to changed then won't it? It'll have to be changed." Said the ignoramus, unaware this would mean erecting a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. 
#Brexit is not normal politics. It is part of a transatlantic war against democracy led by a tax & regulation hating faction of the super-rich allied with Putin & the far-right. If this kleptonationalist axis wins, democracy in any meaningful sense will cease to exist.  #FBPE 
Academics think they've figured out why people voted for Trump and Brexit  
YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT WASTING TENS OF MILLIONS OF POUNDS @jeremycorbyn??? DON'T EVEN GET ME STARTED MATE  try BILLIONS of pounds, try MILLIONS OF BILLIONS OF POUNDS, and then try OPPOSING BREXIT LIKE YOUR PARTY WANT YOU TO BECAUSE THAT IS LITERALLY YOUR JOB!!!!  
BREXIT: Labour heartlands switching to Remain, new study finds /#EU #Brexit #Labour #PeoplesVote 
“Enough of this pissing about. Enough lawyerly excuses and Civil Service prevarication and Remainer politician manoeuvrings. We voted Brexit. Now give us Brexit. Give us Brexit, strong and hard, Boris!”.  
Who decides what the economy needs?Workers from the EU (and elsewhere) don't just wash up on the beach in gormless hope.They're mostly recruited to fill skills gaps or come to pursue a business opportunity, bringing investment to our economy.#Brexit poisons that well. 
I’ll be speaking at the Declaration on Punjab Independence Referendum on Trafalgar Square shortly  
New oil in the North Sea offshore Scotland expected by 2021.Situated 60 miles northeast of Aberdeen in shallow waters, the Buzzard field is the largest oil discovery made in the North Sea in 20 years.#indyref2 #brexit 
Baptist minister “believes Leavers are now switching sides as the reality of a Tory Brexit dawns on them: ‘Some of the people who voted as a protest have flipped. They think these posh idiots are leading us to disaster in a charge of the light brigade’.”  
To these people, if you step out of their narrow world view, their love of so-called diversity and tolerance goes right out of the windowGay man who backed Brexit? You’re an embarrassment to ‘the Community’ your  sexuality  doesn’t  determine  your  politics   
The Brits want to use the Tempest, the U.K.'s new fighter jet, to maintain its military prowess post-Brexit. The ministry has devoted $2.6B to developing the Tempest concept through 2025, and will then decide whether to roll out a final aircraft by 2035.  
Each and every eligible voter in the UK had the opportunity to cast their vote at the 2016 EU Referendum when each vote, wherever someone lived, had an equal value. We didn't vote by borough or city, nor by county or parliamentary constituency, and not by constituent UK country. 
There are 14 Brexit-voting constituencies in Wales pollsters now think would back Remain - as suggestions grow that public opinion is shifting 
It's not the SNP you little Tory F**kwit it's your party that are causing businesses all over the UK to close down with your Brexit Shambles. Your Party in WM who have cut Scotland's budget to the bone. Do one you Lying dod of Tory Shite...  
I am hoping that enough will realise the actual negative consequences of Brexit to them them,their famillies and friends to create an unstoppable wave to #peoplesvote. 
UK, YouGov poll:EU membership referendum Constituency voting analysis by Focaldata REMAIN: 341(+112)LEAVE: 228(-109)Split: 3(+3)Field work: NASample: 15,340Graphics by The Observer#Brexit  
I’m an American on the Right. I recognize my freedom-loving UK brothers and sisters by their #Brexit and #leave talk. Oh Canada?  Where are you?  I know half of you hate Trudeau so could you be louder please?  RETWEET to Help me to find and FOLLOW Canadian conservatives... 
Sharia May it is time for you to go, the public have had more than enough of you. The worst Prime Minister i can remember in my 50yrs. You are a traitor who will throw anybody under the bus to save your own skin. Sold a lie your people on Brexit, and puts immigrants first Go Now. 
Very miniscule Sikh population settled abroad is participating in this. No Sikh in India has sympathy for this as Sikhs are loyal Indians. They've made more sacrifices for India than any other community: Naresh Gujral, Shiromani Akali Dal on Referendum 2020 (pro Khalistan groups)  
It's an attempt by ISI to foment trouble in Punjab. It is financed by ISI. Pak&ISI have been trying hard for a long time to create problems in Punjab. They failed in Kashmir&want to move the stage to Punjab: N Gujral, Shiromani Akali Dal on Referendum 2020 (pro Khalistan groups)  
Four seconds of Willie Rennie on stage before Gordon Brown's Project Fear eve of independence referendum speech on 17th September 2014.  
The Observer gloats that the Mail’s new pro-EU editor is going to “gradually” change direction & push for soft Brexit - hoping to fool millions of patriotic readers... As outgoing editor Paul Dacre warned, it will be a catastrophic mistake!Support us at  
Wilshere and Noble being laid out on the Anfield grass clutching their ribs and groin respectively is a beautiful metaphor for Brexit. 
I am one of @The3Million EU migrants, came here in 2000 building a £12m export business for a smoked salmon company before setting up a company together with my French business partner. Now securing quite a lot of jobs (for Brits and non Brits). All that would be lost with Brexit 
Scrap Brexit  
Brexit means we will lose the right to live, study & work in 30 other countries. Labour used to be against people losing their rights. 
#PritiPatel @patel4witham has accused the #Government of treating the #UK public like “sheep” and frightening them into accepting #TheresaMay’s ‘soft’ #Brexit deal.  #BBC #SKY @LBC @BorisJohnson @ConHome @Conservatives @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart 
By claiming Brexit would lead to no adverse consequences for everyday life rather than presenting it as a national project worth profound sacrifice, Brexiters increased the risks that public support for their cause would be brittle and vulnerable to the first sign of trade-offs 
600,000 people have signed our petition calling for a referendum on the Brexit deal - add your name here #FinalSay  
I'm from Cambridgeshire. It's a perfect example of brexit. Even with their fancy degrees & PHD's the affluent isolated Cambridge bubble is still scratching their heads over how the rest of us "ignorant simple folk" from the surrounding fens voted for brexit. 
Yes, my German consultant heart surgeon for one. Huge decline in British students choosing to study medicine, so no one to replace him or thousands of other EU NHS staff.  Doctors say NHS likely to collapse after Brexit. NHS or Brexit. You choose. Can't have both. Remain please. 
Absolutely agree!We know your stance on Brexit, Owen, but will you support our campaign by pledging to #StandUp4Brexit? 
However, in putting such a great emphasis on popular will while being unwilling to admit the potentially difficult tradeoffs of Brexit the key Brexiter milieus have made their project vulnerable to a sudden hollowing out if popular will suddenly shifts towards Remain 
I'm sceptical about a 2nd referendum because I don't believe Remainers have developed a coherent strategy for the role the UK should play in the future of European integration.Just crashing back in to the EU stores up many of the same old problems for the future 
"Brexit is the single most cowardly thing this country has ever done. We are one of the major powers in Europe and we are just running away.""We are cowering on our island."  
It was your duty to oppose this mess Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer, @UKLabour are complicit and have facilitated #Brexit at each step. You need to stop Corbfuscating and do your duty by either stopping this or supporting a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit must mean the UK getting out of the European Medicines Agency, says Luke Watson  
If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. If Corbin goes, brexit dies. 
.⁦@NickCohen4⁩: ‘what unites Tory right & Corbyn left is not just support for Brexit but inability to say how they’d cope with the collapse in productivity, the health and social care crisis, the end of the era of cheap money and the rise of China’  
just tried to eat one of the apples my mum got given from someone's orchard. it is tiny due to the dry summer we've had (of which we will be having more), and tastes awful  tell us again how we can grow our own food #Brexit fans!!  
Thank you for perfectly illustrating why we need a new centrist party. Mention values like pragmatic, inclusive & Compassionate & told I’m right wing & should join the Tories. I’m anti Brexit, Labour, welll Corbyn, & Tories are pro Brexit.  
No because he isn't actively involved in the Business but you seriously don't see the Hypocrisy of it? The awful truth is they are dealing with those with saving, Investments and Pensions who are most able to weather the Brexit storm...I see every day those who are not.  
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
“On display was all the contempt that England has shown over and over again to its neighbours. Some of the statements made about Ireland and its border issue have been breathtaking in the ignorance and insensitivity of those making them....” #Brexit  
British citizens have been realizing they don't necessarily want to drive off a cliff. More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to remain in EU...  
If accurate, this may change how some MPs act and vote, as the UK enters crucial last few months of Brexit negotiations (the methodology is - as it happens - the same used very effectively by Vote Leave in the referendum campaign)  
Today’s Sunday Express: If we had a genuine Leave PM we would have left the EU already & national optimism would be surging. Instead we’ve had two years of relentless differing by May to delay & impede Brexit in order to either not leave or leave in name only. May must go!  
Alex Scott is a breath of fresh air compared to the Brexit dross like Merson, Redknapp & Souness that Sky usually employ, she speaks far more sense than any of them. The fact it annoys yer da is a nice added bonus. Gender doesn’t affect your ability to understand football.  
In the light of the pro Brexit, anti Semitic & islamophobic nature of the two main parties,  I hope a new centrist party does emerge in the UK because I think it would best represent the pragmatic, compassionate, inclusive views of the majority of the people in this country. 
Yes, the nation’s mood has changed.  We are even more determined than ever to unite against authoritarian remaniacs like you and your endless attempts to traduce Brexit and undermine our country.   Rely on rigged Guardian polls at your peril.  
Hey Brexit fan @JuliaHB1 as someone who has lined your pockets on the back of Brexit what have you got to say about this?  
The new analysis suggests there are now 341 seats with majority Remain support, up from 229 seats at the referendum – a complete reversal of 2016, when 403 constituencies backed Leave  #brexit 
LOCAL NEWS: A new opinion poll released today has shown that Milton Keynes South is one of 112 seats which have switched from backing Leave in the 2016 EU referendum to backing Remain instead. 
69 Labour held Leave seats have moved to Remain. Now, 171/262 Labour seats are Remain seats - 65%.Our Voters and Members are against Brexit, our Constituencies are against Brexit, our country is against Brexit.High time our Leaders were against Brexit. 
Why is it that so many leading Brexiteers studied history? asks @Spectator. Well, this Brexiteer read mathematics and knows that #Brexit just adds up! #optimism #madeintheUK #GlobalBritain @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @JamesCleverly @BorisJohnson @BrexitCentral 
The 2017 @UKLabour voters who voted Leave in the EU Referendum are shifting dramatically. Our polling shows that only 71% of these voters would back Leave in a new referendum, with the biggest movement occurring among poorer white working class voters @lowles_nick@BestForBritain 
In 1975 we gave our consent to a minor operation called a Common Market. Then over 41 years a whole series of major operations took place; Single European Act, Maastricht, Amsterdam, Nice and Lisbon without EVER getting our consent and we then voted Leave#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
The USA has fallen, Brexit Britain is in chaos, destabilizing sanctions being imposed on Turkey and Iran, NATO being eroded, trade wars with China, Mexico and Canada. Only the EU is resisting. We must stay part of EU#stopbrexit #peoplesvote 
In Scotland, what's the point of a second EU referendum? We voted remain last time and our vote had been totally disregarded. The same will happen if there is another EU ref. Only if England changes its mind might there be a change. Far better to concentrate on indyref2.  
When I set up my post-Brexit Duty Free Shop I’m going to specialize in selling yous all metaphors of your own prejudices inside wee snowglobes 
Brexit mood is shifting. Look up your constituency #Brexit #finalsay ⁦@BestForBritain⁩ 
Hi @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Now, of course we know the ins and outs of your position on #Brexit... but will you give our campaign your support and publicly pledge to #StandUp4Brexit? The British public would be extremely grateful! #Chequers is not Brexit  
Both the Tories and Labour are trying to soften Brexit, to put the democratic genie back in its bottle. Politicians think they can crush Britain's populist revolt. But they're wrong, writes @Tom_Slater_  
Must Read: Why no Brexit is better than bad Brexit. Excellent piece on the hard Brexit dangers for Brexiteers, Remainers and journalism by ⁦@gavinesler⁩ in ⁦@TheNewEuropean⁩ #Brexit #journalism 
"Every few months Sturgeon must pretend that a referendum remains a live possibility. She is kidding her own supporters, however."Stating what many of us have known since just about forever! 
Caroline. Please try and understand before one of us dies of exasperation: the only people who can currently stop Brexit are the Tories and their DUP henchmen. Harangue them, not Corbyn. 
My family (including my 30 year old sister who didn’t realise there was a Brexit referendum...) in #Essex aren’t remotely interested in politics, but all think @BorisJohnson is “the only politician who thinks like normal people” 
talking to some apolitical millennial/GenZ friends and they like Boris more than any other politician, despite brexit.he's a lot more popular than SW1 thinks he is. 
Brexit strips ordinary working people of their right to work in 27 countries. How is this for the many? It’s only a wealthy few who benefit. 
Worried your favorite player might get traded? When NBA players switch teams, you can switch jerseys. Learn more about American Express Jersey Assurance at . Terms apply. #AmexNBA 
Please tweet this everywhere, also to MPs, May taking us into EU army. Im not sure why some ignore this, because if they have cointrol of our forces, "brexit" would become irrelevant, they control your country 
TSSA General Secretary Manuel Cortes: "Should Britain leave the EU club next March, the only party in town will be thrown by Bannon’s Brexiteers, who will be popping champagne corks to celebrate the recalibration of Britain as a deregulated tax haven on European shores"#Brexit 
After a number of conversations with originally brexit voters I have come to realise that most (in my discussions,) voted with the best intentions for a better country.Most want to remain now the story has moved forward. The government needs to listen to this. 
That might just be the daftest Brexit analogy yet. Are Theresa's drones on the right pills?  
 @Dr_PhilippaW: Shambolic Tory Brexit poses major threat to our NHS.  
We're setting the record straight on some common myths #FreeTradeUK  Myth  Countries won't want to do a trade deal with the UK after Brexit   Fact   
It’s the Labour vote that’s shifting against Brexit@BestForBritain @hopenothate #finalsay 
The most surprising thing about this is that there is still anyone who supports this Brexit madness.   
Life would be so much easier now if, in the immediate wake of the referendum, the government had declared that the outcome showed that the country was divided. They would work out the practicalities of leaving then ask the people again, before triggering A50.#PeoplesVote 
Country on precipice, Media Silence on Theresa May supplying arms+weapons that murdered 40 children in horrific bus bomb ‘Media’ comes out for Steve Bannon as Bozo weaponises Burka and Tory MP sends Times journalist a Snuff Movie argues for hard Brexit  
“A new online campaign, #StandUp4Brexit, which supporters say is in favour of a clean #Brexit, has rapidly grown in support in the past week, winning the endorsement of pro-Brexit MPs such as @patel4witham and @bbradleymp” @guardian Source:  
Big story of the day - most UK constituencies back REMAIN over Botched Brexit!  
1. They claim 53% would now vote Remain.  Polls predicted more than 53% would vote Remain for weeks before the referendum.2. The '100 seats have changed' headline is based on a model created by anti-Brexit organisation to suit an agenda.  
Tell you what, I’d love to see Wolves go down this season for their cringeworthy fans alone. Brexit bellends. 
Khalistan na kabhi bana tha, na banega, na banne denge. The nation is one. Punjab was always a part of India&will continue to be. ISI is behind this & it has been exposed. People of India won't let them succeed: MS Bitta, All-India Anti-Terrorist Front Chairman on Referendum 2020  
While we wait to know the terms of Brexit, tanker after tanker load out the worlds most sought after resource from our waters. 200,000 tonnes at a time and we know nothing about it because the UK state hides the truth from us.  Scotland faces engineered poverty! #DissolveTheUnion 
Brits have stopped backing Brexit - see our interactive map!  
Margaret Thatcher, reiterating Lord Attlee, warned that the referendum is "a device of dictators and demagogues". And here is Theresa May proving Attlee and Thatcher entirely right by echoing Goebbels' approach to handling a referendum victory.#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
DELINGPOLE: Finally, the Brexit Phoney War Is over; Britain’s Trump-Style Revolution Has Begun   
Full list of 112 Brexit-voting areas 'that have now switched to Remain' 
#bbcsml "The will of the people" is now pro remain. There is absolutley no obligation to continue on this path. None.#FBPE#Brexit#PeoplesVote 
She is so tied up and gagged with Political Correctness that she would never do this! BREXIT DEMAND: Kick out EU citizens if they don’t have a job in 3 months.  
Experts have been warning that Brexit could weaken public finances, leaving public services, jobs, and more under threat. The best way to stand up for the many and avoid this Brexit mess is by giving the people a #FinalSay on the deal, and an opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit. 
It is impossible to overstate the depth of Mays betrayal over Brexit, She has abandoned decades long UK opposition to EU defence union and even as we leave the EU she is surrendering defence sovereignty to the EU.  
Brexit has never been the destination for the far right, merely a doorway to a kind of society Labour was founded to resist.Close the door @UKLabour, oppose Brexit.#PeoplesVote 
Whilst we cut one another's throats over a Brexit we still can't figure out the object of, here's what we should be worrying about (by @ProfTimBale). 
This should allow northern Labour MPs to stop worrying about the Leave majority in their seats and let get started on campaigning for a #PeoplesVote. #StopBrexit #Brexit  
The Daily Mail could sell out on Brexit after a Remainer takes over as editor:  
“If I had the chance, I’d change my vote. It’s just a mess. I don’t think they know what they are doing.” Demand an exit from Brexit today:  
Read this. The brilliant @gavinesler on why he’s changed his mind on Brexit.  
Good read: @JamesDelingpole on the end of the Brexit 'Phoney War' and the start of the real revolution. Snowflakes look away now. 
Farage declaring victory in the referendum 'without a single bullet being fired' is one of the most disgusting things a "politician" has said in my lifetime, & it barely got any pushback in the press. 
The burka row is a huge own-goal by the Tory Party. Yet it could have a silver lining. The huge grass-roots support for Boris could see him in Number Ten, making him the only person who might deliver Brexit from the current impasse. #GoBojo 
Congrats to @VeteransBritain for presenting the evidence for the biggest contradiction in #brexit Mays brexit = surrender of our Military & Grade 1 industry Industry to EU!! 
A #peoplesvote rally is demanding a second EU referendum - but could it actually happen? @ryanramgobin says yes but explains why it's complicated 
The 'will of the people' is not set in stone. It can change. If it's still for Brexit, what do leavers have to fear?#PeoplesVote 
Regime change at the Daily Mail could be hugely significant for British politics, not least #Brexit: the old and new editors are chalk and cheese. My piece for today's Observer  
Opinion: Essex Police's 24-hour tweetathon provides a sometimes disturbing view of Brexit Britain  
It's time to enact the will of the people and throw Brexit in the nearest skip.And then burn it. With petrol. 
The reality of Brexit is becoming clear and the tide is turning. For our future generations we must come together and fight for a #peoplesvote on the final deal. We urge @jeremycorbyn to get behind a #peoplesvote now!  
Get ready for some non-stop cheesy, garlicky deliciousness with the new Ultimate Cheesy Garlic Bread. 
People are perfectly entitled to say that they don't like Tony Blair - or, for that matter, Vince Cable, Alastair Campbell or Nick Clegg - but saying they don't - or changing the subject to, say, Iraq or tuition fees - are not logical responses to their arguments on Brexit. 
Clear a huge shift in public opinion in relation to Brexit. I would imagine most rational politicians will be thinking that come the next election their voters will want them to reflect their current views not those held in 2016 
Wasn't 83-97 Thatcherite carnage tossing regions on fire followed by era torching regulation to make credit easy rather than tackle inequality that fed into 07/08 crash and turbocharged slash & burn spending cuts ever since that led to alienation and Brexit. It was Facebook ads.  
John Major assured everyone before the referendum that it would be the only say we'd get on Europe. "This is it." He should not renege on those assurances by calling for another referendum.  
Rewind this about 3 minutes. Nigel Farage is trying to play down the damage of Brexit to a worried Norther Irish man. #FarageOnLBC 
My take on #Boris and #Burkagate The Brexit phoney war is over; the populist revolution has begun  
So, er, why are we doing this again? I can't quite remember. #Brexit 
In the latest in the #BrexitIsFun series ...“A No Deal Brexit is a National Emergency”.Hat tip to the lovely @JasonJHunter for the link. #NoDeal#NoDealBrexit 
It suited Brexists to spread and embed the idea that the North (rising as one against free movement! "But it's about sovereignty not immigration.") won Brexit. It was never true.  
Boris Johnson can be applauded for sticking by his principles. However he's no longer a cabinet minister, he's a backbencher.  Until he puts in a leadership challenge nothing will change. May represents Tory party policy on Brexit. Which is not what Brexiteers voted for. 
However hard it seems the fight against populism can be won, we did it before & if we keep at it we'll succeed again. Brexit tide is turning, Trump is on borrowed time. Keep fighting.  
Brilliant. Brexiters supported a “double referendum”. Give us a #PeoplesVote. Watch this to the end: 
I did fucking bring it up before the referendum. So did MPs during the referendum bill debate, they were told it didn’t matter as the referendum was only advisory.   
Tory party at war with itself over Johnson’s Islamophobic comments. They can’t agree on Brexit or what to do about this man We need an election to really get rid.  
Evidently public opinion in the UK is now shifting in favor if staying in the EU. Brexit chaos - rightly! - scares many.  
According to the Mail on Sunday David Davis is writing a book on Brexit. One  friend said: ‘David is working on a book telling the story of Brexit." Could we suggest, with a nod to Spike Milligan, that it should be called "Brexit: My part in its downfall" 
I don’t believe the 2020 referendum will directly result in Khalistan. No Panthic Sikh does.What the referendum does do however is shine light on the absurdity of “india” and loudly reaffirms the Panthic position that Sikhs are not “indians” - and we’ll never ever forget why. 
Dozens of ridiculous "faked" surveys are flooding social media today, all claiming that Brexiteers have given up on Brexit. They are all faked of course, many simply laughable.  
I don't agree with the latter part of #Iain_Macwhirter's article, on what Nicola could do instead of calling #indyref2, i.e. getting behind a #second_Brexit_Referendum. I think that would be lethal for #independence, #SNP, and maybe for #British_democracy 
To the political Right, #Brexit is an opportunity to achieve a hardcore version of Thatcherism with free market fundamentalism, minimal government, and dissolution of the welfare state & workers’ rights. The fact Labour heartlands voted for it in their droves, is beyond tragic 
The new Ultimate Spicy Italian. Get ready for a whole new sandwich experience from the bread up. 
JRM: “I think a WTO Brexit is a good Brexit. It’s a clear Brexit. We’re in control of our laws, our money and our borders on day one. It will give us an opportunity to get on with domestic policy faster rather than all of the government’s effort being taken up with Brexit.”  
Still waiting for @jeremycorbyn to speak up on Brexit? Don't hold your breath. Jeremy talks a big game, but despite his voters being anti-Brexit he's happy to give Tories a free pass.It's not good enough. Add your name if you want to Exit from Brexit:  
Telegraph June 2016, Boris Johnson on #Brexit and trade. "there will continue to be free trade, and access to the single market”Was he lying? 
At yesterday's sold out #PeoplesVoteSW rally in #Bristol, the crowd of 700 who packed the venue (and the 5 balcony levels above) sent a clear message to Westminster.We demand a #PeoplesVote.Visit  to demand a @peoplesvote_uk on the final #Brexit deal.  
Theresa May is out of touch with ordinary Tories on Brexit, Burqas and Boris.  
By far the most depressing - and dangerous - development in UK politics in recent years has been the refusal of the political and economic establishment to accept the legitimacy of the #Brexit vote. Sawing away at the branch on which it is itself sitting. 
When I hear people say ‘A 2nd referendum would be a disservice to democracy’ I think ‘Hang on a minute, we had a referendum. In 1975. Does that mean the last referendum was a disservice to democracy too?’ #StopBrexit 
Brexit will hurt us - it will hit food safety standards, protection for workers, the NHS and national security - and our economic well-being. Its defence rests with the ideologues of the Hard Left and Hard Right. And your wellbeing matters less to them than their politics. 
Britain is turning against Brexit. Find out where your constituency stands   
1. We live in a democracy, therefore #Brexit is not inevitable - only an enemy of democracy or an ignorant fool would claim otherwise.2. Making the best of a shipwreck which you can still avoid is idiocy.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
*POLL* #Conservative Party Leadership Semi Final 1 - Who should be Leader? Please Retweet for a Larger Sample!#Brexit #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #TheresaMay #BorisJohnson #BorisJohnsonAMovie #Boris4PM #MayMustGo #Tories #StopBrexit #FBPE #StandUp4Brexit #FinalSay 
Supermarkets on Brexit: no deal ‘will hike food bills by 12%’ 
John Redwood: How to expedite #EU exit?Tories! Reply to PM's letter, make clear Chequers does NOT give back control of laws, borders & money.Voters! Write to your MP, Chequers unacceptable.Tell media! Phone ins, letters to papers & social media.#Brexit 
Very interesting analysis suggests that many Labour seats have gone from Leave to Remain. But most striking from a UK/union perspective is pro Brexit sentiment now solidly back to where it always was - southern England  
CEOs on both sides of Brexit finally agree on something: it's a joke  
Young voters want #FinalSay on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, poll finds   
This is such a cowardly and passive aggressive tweet. Just come out and make your typical hypocritical point that a loss of a Leftist proves Leftism is bad while Hillary Clinton’s loss somehow isn’t a referendum on her politics.  
So lying to Parliament is a resignation offence but lying to the electorate in your election manifesto as May has done over Brexit is not ?????? 
‘No-deal Brexit: the silliest of silly season ideas’ - No-deal makes No-sense, No-deal is Nonsense - great piece by ⁦@dsmitheconomics⁩ - too important to publish in silly season - Fact & evidence over ideology and some common sense 
Regarding Johnson's Burka remark: To avoid the trap of looking like censorious prigs trying to silence free speech, we should focus on Johnson & Mogg taking orders from an American fascist agitator. We must attack their fake patriotism.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Gulf War veteran fears Brexit will destroy UK  
If you ask most people what they are anxious of in the future and they’ll say Brexit, but in Fishguard the answer always is the annual jazz festival  
#Observer report of 100 plus Leave seats change of mind another signal of opinion shifting. The Brexit critique of #PeoplesVote is its divisive and anti-democratic.But what could be more divisive and anti-democratic than leaving, given the new Remain majority,without a 2nd vote? 
The more likely a no-deal Brexit appears, the further the pound will fall  (via @bopinion) 
Reminder for #LeaversA second investment fund has been set up in the EU by the City firm co-founded by Jacob Rees-Mogg, after it warned earlier this year about the financial dangers of a hard #Brexit.JRM is getting clients money out of the UK  
I created this account to promote my journalism. When I focused on stopping Brexit, I lost contacts in that field. I'm mentally and financially drained too.Those saying "Brexit is bad but must happen" are simply too afraid to fight it and put themselves in any form of harm's way 
UK researchers have lost out on €136m of EU funding since Feb 2017. "We have no idea how the UK will be able to participate in the next EU programme and government reassurances are completely worthless as they are based on nothing more than hope"  #Brexit 
The machine behind #brexit is designed to try and make us lose our faith in the country, to try and make us lie down, become apathetic. Let's realize what that machine is and what we are not. Will will not be silent and the more they try to quieten us the louder we will get #FBPE 
Following comments from @vincecable that the 'centre of gravity' is moving to a '#peoplesvote', based on the latest @YouGov poll, read our post from this week posing 7 questions that need answering if a second referendum is to be held:  
Look at this list of what major Brexiteers have done in preparation for a No-Deal Brexit. Anyone who supports Brexit and these Brexiteers in the face of this needs to rethink their values.  
MPs!!!!your seat may be at risk now if you don’t get your sh*t together on brexit. Thought THAT might get your attention. Finally. 
Why are the establishment so against freedom, because that's what it boils down to?Because with the EU they control all aspects of society. They even want to control your thoughts & opinion, hence the drip drip anti Brexit propaganda frenzy, coming from all directions. 
NO BREXIT is way better than BAD BREXIT which we now know is the only sort of Brexit there is.  More and more people, including sensible Leave voters, are reaching the same view.  We can and must save our country. 
It clearer by the minute that #Brexit is an alt-right project which the Labour movement must defeat!   
The Brexiteers will be literally ripping the shirt of our backs. The majority of us wanted to stay in Europe. Europe have given us guarantees to be allowed back in again post Brexit. This will protect wages, the hours you work, healthcare, access to universities etc #Think32 
Just a thought .Was the Brexit Referendum fixed.Was the real margin of victory indeed higher.The Government didn’t want Brexit did they?They spent £9million on their stay in the EU pamphlet.The MSM were  in on the act.Any fraud was down to the Remain Govt and Media 
Ryanair are a spiv airline led by a man who hates his own customers. A hypocrite who bashes Brexit but tries to wriggle out of paying compensation to customers under rules imposed by the EU.     
Thongs are so bad in the cities of #Brexit Britain that people are fleeing to the countryside as refugees. This will cause overcrowding and food shortages, especially pasties. Do not look to the EU for help. You made your choice.  
And he still can't stop Brexit. Please don't give FBPE any more cannon fodder Caroline, you know this. 
The rules were clear: the Referendum was advisory, and had a campaign spending limit. Venice Commission which UK signed up to dets standards 4 this and EU Referendum 2016 #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw plus there was foreign criminal interference. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE 
If the EU Commission worried more about real things like rampant youth unemployment across the EU and less about 'safe spaces', they might not be haemorrhaging popular support everywhere.Distinctive #Brexit research & news daily:  
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
New Remain-backing Daily Mail editor will 'tone down' Brexit stance  
More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU  
Anna Soubry Conservative MP for Broxtowe.When asked why she had been in favour of holding a referendum –  
New Daily Mail editor: we want the least damaging Brexit  
All the polls pre referendum showed a lead for remain. Those who support Brexit were in the minority they said. But leave won & the establishment have never accepted that from the get-go. The government is frustrating Brexit by design to try to get Brexit fatigue. It won't work. 
Whilst high profile Brexiteers read History, Remainers studied Law#Brexit is a battle between a passionate pride in, & defence of, our country’s democratic heritage, since the Magna Carta, and a love of technocracy#StandUp4BrexitArticle in thread 
A second referendum would have long-term disastrous consequences, Including a “total collapse of trust in the political class”, and a “sense of betrayal would continue for many, many years to come.”  
#Brexit? Started by Cameron. Now, controlled by MayIt is a Tory-owned problem-to STOP Tory Internecine War- It FAILEDOnly the Conservative Govt has the powerWe need a General Election  #ForTheMany 
Conservative MPs plan to avoid their party conference 'like the plague' amid fears of a Brexit 'bloodbath'  
"In June 2017 the European Union scrapped additional charges for roaming on smartphones when you travel to another EU country."What will happen to mobile charges after #Brexit with UKGov doing as it pleases?  
Gavin Essler's brutal but accurate put-down of the selfish wealthy bunch who would do our country huge damage if they could.  They won't suffer from Brexit, quite the opposite. But 99% of Brits, however they voted in the referendum will, and so will their children, and their ...  
"There isn't one person on our Brexit team that has a clue. None of them are brave. None of them have done a deal... They've left it to civil servants and not one of them has done anything of any worth in their lives."A Brexit billionaire lashes out  
Sickening that this govt should place people in a state of total uncertainty & at potential risk when *no one* voted for this in 2016. A #PeoplesVote must happen. The landscape has changed & people must have the opportunity to have their say. #Brexit 
Wherever you are in the world the word Brexit is met with a smirk. It is the political equivalent of Mr Bean trying to put a deckchair up and everyone is stopping to point and laugh. 
Brexit is an establishment movement designed to make the population more easily exploitable.  Remaining a strong member of the EU was in the best interests of the majority. But hampered the rabid profiteering of the moneyed élite.  
Sir Michael Rawlins of MHRA on life-saving insulin & no deal Brexit:“we make no insulin in the UK. We import every drop of it. You can’t transport insulin around ordinarily because it must be temperature-controlled” .@MattHancock - what is the plan? 
MANDRAKE in @TheNewEuropean 'Since leaving politics, Cameron has taken up 4 paid roles, which include setting up his own investment arm called the UK China Fund.'  No shame Cameron - coining it whilst the human cost of Brexit increases daily.   ? 
Was wondering why Euro had been relatively strong since Brexit ref.  Now we know.  Our idiots at HMTreasury have been backing the dysfunctional Euro rather than £. Consumers/biz complain that imports cost more now - seems Philip Hammond is to blame, not Brexit.  
#PeoplesVoteSW The @peoplesvote_hq makes it in the prime-time news of German @tagesschau @juliekurz @jdportes @Becky226Gilbert @Bristol4Europe @_Britain4Europe So foreign media is aware of the public change in opinion towards Brexit in UK and the growing chance to stay in the EU.  
It's quite simple, Sarah. If you don't want to implement Brexit, which is government policy and a manifesto commitment that you were elected on, then resign your seat and fight a byelection as an independent on a Remain ticket. Anything else is deeply dishonourable.  
No Deal: an even bigger collection of lies and obfuscations than the Leave Referendum campaign itself.  
The Brexit trade ‘argument’ is set out as a choice between the EU or the rest of the world. The reality is that EU membership facilitates trade between the UK and the rest of the world. It’s just that the UK isn’t very good at it. And leaving the EU wouldn’t help. 
People whose entire lives hung on the outcome were excluded, while people with zero stake in the matter and zero connection to this country were handed a vote. The franchise was undemocratic, the 2016 referendum was illegitimate. #Gerrymandering #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
How is it fair for an EU citizen like my mother, taxpaying resident in the UK for nearly 60 years, to be deprived of a vote, while NoFactsChloe can trip off a plane from Sydney and vote Leave? The 2016 referendum was illegitimate. #Gerrymandering #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
You could rationally, if unreasonably, exclude residents because they are non-citizens, or citizens because they are non-residents, but you can’t rationally do both… and yet they did. The 2016 referendum was illegitimate. #Gerrymandering #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
'100+ seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU. Trend starkest in N of England & Wales, Labour heartlands.' When is  Corbyn going to listen to his voters - of all ages, across the country? Well done @BestForBritain & @hopenothate for commissioning 
Worth reading....Former BBC broadcaster Gavin Esler on why he's changed his mind on Brexit | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European  
Which is the most important driver in the rapid decline in Brexit support?I’m going to write an article on this, so please think, vote & RT. 
More than 100 constituencies that voted to leave the EU have now switched their support to Remain.Voters now want to stay in the EU. As such, it’s the will of the people to have a second referendum on the final Brexit deal or no deal.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Morning @andreajenkyns me again, asking daily for one tangible benefit of Brexit thus far.This is the end of week 1, you may have muted me but everyone else can see me asking! 
Scotland, Wales, N.Ireland, London & North Of England all now against  #Brexit according to recent polls: ‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit | Politics | The Guardian  
Like bring down the Government and stop Brexit... This is a historic moment Keir and you are in the middle of it.  
The @BestForBritain analysis finds that 112 constituencies have switched from Leave to Remain. It suggests there are now 341 seats with majority Remain support, up from 229 seats at the referendum. /2 
The deal also frees up the large & lucrative Japanese market to services (80% of our economy) for EU members, an outstanding opportunity for eg our creative & tech sectors, which we now won't benefit from, thanks to the Brexit idiocy.  
As far as I can gather (from social media) a 'No Deal' Brexit is simply not possible. Concentrate on promoting the idea that Brexit is seriously detrimental to the UK and should be halted and a public enquiry held followed by convictions if necessary.#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
"The silliest of silly season ideas" David Smith on a no deal Brexit: 
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
Revealed: Secret plot to oust Theresa May in Brexiteer putsch and install David Davis as 'interim' PM with Boris Johnson urged to delay his leadership bid until after Brexit  
To stop Brexit, who would make the best Labour leader? Pls RT when voted. Thank you. 
If the Brussels Bastards want to save energy they should start by abolishing their silly monthly trek from Brussels to Strasbourg and back.But they'd rather interfere in all our lives than fix their own gross problemsViva Brexit! 
My letter today to Jacob Rees-Mogg about his so-called ‘no deal’ Brexit. ‘It appears that ‘no deal’ is an even greater & more calculated deceit than the claim of Leave campaigners in 2016 that Brexit would provide £350m extra for the NHS and keep out 7m Turkish immigrants’  
Too late for me, Belgian husband and daughter. We have to leave Scotland before Brexit happens to avoid loss of his disability benefit from Belgium. I wish for independence much sooner.  
More than 100 Westminster constituencies which backed Leave in the 2016 referendum would now vote to remain in the European Union, according to new analysis of polling  
If MPs listen to their constituents, there would now a majority for staying in EU: 112 seats have switched from Leave since the referendum, meaning 341 have a majority to stay in EU, up from 229 in 2016.  
“Leave’s delusional pain-free Brexit is coming apart not because people oppose it but because it is simply impossible.“GAVIN ESLER: Why I’ve changed my mind on Brexit  
Let me get this right... Gavin Esler hasn’t changed his mind on Brexit. He was always against Brexit. He is another  remainer who has changed his mind on democracy. @gavinesler 
It’s hard to hear Mark speaking this truth... it does make very sad. I believed we were in a better world and had left the racism and ignorance of the 70’s long behind us. It seems it was always just simmering under the surface. Brexit overturned a rock and scumbags crawled out.  
Hope ⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ is reading this closely.The tide is turning across the country now reality of Brexit is becoming clear.                  We owe it to future generations to fight for the right to a final say on the Brexit deal. #PeoplesVote  
At the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference we will be exploring how to reach the people who feel left behind in today’s UK. What messaging does the #Peoplesvote campaign need to use to cut through with those who aren’t listening any more?  
Country on the precipice, Media Silence on Theresa May supplying arms+weapons that murdered 40 children in a horrific bus bomb, as ‘Media’ comes out for Steve Bannon Far Right Alliance, Bozo weaponises Burka and Tory MP sends Times journalist a Snuff Movie argues for hard Brexit  
So .. just been sent this : follows on from the chap who mentioned mr mogg targeting people on social maids to “ brexit proof “ their business .. @mrjamesob @DeborahMeaden 
Oops, LeaveEU - bragging that the Tories could “win big” with all the 2016 Brexit seats is a bit awkward given today’s new analysis that there are now more Remain seats.You’re stuck in a tick-box in 2016. Get over it.Britain in 2018 is Remain. And getting more so fast.  
Wow this is great news to wake up to.  The tide has turned, tweet this from the rooftops you beautiful remainers!!#StopBrexitMore than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU 
Least damaging Brexit? When even Brexit's most virulent supporter can only talk about how much damage it will cause then urely it is time to abandon the whole thing.  
New poll reveals that majority of UK voters have now switched to Remain."Brexit is failing these voters and the country as a whole. Politicians need to understand that public opinion has changed.” #peoplesvote 
If people in public office lie, then they should be banned from public office. Just as the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 and Fraud Act 2006 plus updates are used to police to prosecute fraud those persons who defrauded the electorate re Brexit should be brought to Justice!!!! 
Middle class remoaners who refuse to accept a referendum result, whinge continuously, fuelling division.Then try to claim the division THEY have played a big part in creating should be rewarded. The entitlement of it is astounding.  
As this week has demonstrated amply, #Brexit is about racism, xenophobia and economic voodoo that is destroying our country. People are increasingly recognising and rejecting this future for our country. Enormous damage done already but Brexit can still be stopped. #peoplesvote 
That's true. Can he please come and sort out Brexit for us British?! 
Look, Brexit will be fine 
A fantastic example of Remainer lies.'Zero growth' he claims.But reality is that UK has grown every quarter since the Referendum.Expose the Remainer lies!@john1genius 
I am a patriotic citizen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland. I did not vote to leave & have no intention whatsoever of getting behind a vote achieved by cheating & breaking the law. I will not vote for any party that supports #Brexit & opposes #PeoplesVote 
Thousands, if not hundreds of thousands across Devon have spent the last 18 months worrying about Brexit and seeing nothing from government or opposition. No wonder they are starting to question.  
If you believe that to be the case then you should not fear a vote on the final package. Personally I think most people were duped in the referendum and will not forgive the politicians who have led them to economic disaster 
Gabby, we had a 'people's vote' on 23 June, 2016. The #Leave side won 52%-48%, a total of approximately 17.4 million, and a winning majority of 1.3 million. Since then, the EU withdrawal bill has been passed and the UK will leave the EU on 29 March 2019 at 11pm. #Brexit  
Observer has poll that claims that 100 Leave seats—mainly Labour— have switched to Remain. A bit late. The referendum was lost and the Withdrawal Bill has been passed. 
The Brexit party learns there are downsides to going it alone.  
European funding for UK universities slips ahead of Brexit  
Doesn't the UK already trade with many countries on WTO rules?Yes it does, as part of the EU.Examples include the United States and China, Brazil and Australia. That should be our start point too.. Brexit: What is the 'no deal' WTO option? - BBC News  
Super piece by @alexmassie on why Nicola’s frequent huffing, puffing and pretence about an imminent referendum is kidding her own supporters. @cultfree54 @2351onthelist @mik61scot @Ian_Burnett_ @athomsonkinross @Del_ivered @JohnLeoNo1087 @lass_ayrshire @edglasgow59 @BRRSC 
Stop this #Brexit insanity NOW.Businesses don't want itScientists don't want itEducators don't want it Doctors don't want it The police don't want itLocal Authorities don't want it & Most of the Ppl don't want it..A #PeoplesVote will prove it. 
If you do find an SME "who sees Brexit as a benefit".... You will probably find they have impaired vision   
Ireland bypassing French ports after Brexit is not acceptable  ... to France!   
It’s not the EU punishing the UK for the 2016 referendum. It’s the UK Government punishing its own population. 
Demographic trends combined with shifting public opinion mean that it is now almost inconceivable there will be a majority in favour of Brexit at the point that it actually happens.  Will of the people, you say? Aye, right. 
Was the election of Donald Trump and Brexit the result of divisive "culture wars"? Join the debate at the #OpenFuture event in New York  
Just like @gavinesler, after 30 years on TV and radio, often covering European affairs critically, I have stopped being a journalist since Brexit and think it is now more important to speak out freely against the impending disasterBrilliant article :) 
#Conservative MPs plan to avoid party conference because of #Brexit.A pro-#EU Tory MP said they were turning down invitations to speak on panels because they didn't want to because of angry pro-#Brexit members.Well conference sounds like it’ll be fun! 
Thread suggesting that Rowan Atkinson, rather than Edris Elba, is the most appropriate new Bond for a Brexit-bedeviled UK  
Roaming charges: What will happen after Brexit?  
More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU I am loving this poll , this has to be the most biased and Misleading poll everThe poll was undertaken by Best  for Britain and Hope not Hate .Not exactly Brexit friendlyLaughable fake news. 
Rees-Mogg re latest polls: They're not an accurate reflection of actual numbers the only votes that count are those cast in the ballot boxes.ME: Damn right so let's test for real if a maj still want #Brexit or not & allow a #FinalSay in a #PeoplesVote. 
They lied, the cheated and they broke electoral law. These people have plunged the UK into a persistent state of political flux and now they’re getting away with it. #Neverforget #FBPE #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit business BOOST: UK exit WILL bring trade opportunities to Britain - poll reveals  
Brace yourselves!A dramatic attempt to ‘fix’ the next Tory leadership contest for Boris Johnson is to be launched by Arron Banks, the Ukip donor who campaigned for Brexit during the 2016 EU referendum.#FinalSay #PeoplesVote #BrexitisBonkers #FBPE 
Saturday night Brexit Music selection, with polls turning against Brexit in over a hundred Leave constituencies. People waking up to the fact that Brexiters are the establishment, and that the status quo is really a road to ruin, chaos & intolerance.  
Over 100 parliamentary constituencies that voted for Brexit have now switched their support to remain in the EU! Most seats in Britain now have a majority of voters who want to stay - a significant shift in numbers. Time to #StopBrexit  
As a clear majority realise that Brexit is both bad and not inevitable, the Government must bow to the will of the people and let them decide between deal, no Deal or to stay in the EU  
Tory Rotter & the Coarse Little GnomeTory Rotter & the Cabinet of IdiotsTory Rotter & the Prisoner of Brexit Tory Rotter & the Gob of a LiarTory Rotter & the Order of the FascistsTory Rotter & the Half-Truth BusTory Rotter & the Death of the Economy#BorisJohnsonAMovie 
The dirty business of Brexit. “Threatening the integrity of the electoral system is surely one of the highest crimes in any democracy. It is essential that the police rigorously and fully investigate these allegations.”#peoplesvote #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
French FURY over EU plan to EXCLUDE French ports in post-Brexit trade route  
I want to see ⁦@WelshLabour⁩ leading this campaign against Brexit. As leader I will campaign for a new referendum and a vote  to stay in the EU.   
Facts changed since referendum. Yes, EU is WORSE than we thought!David Cameron: "If we vote Out, that’s it!It's irreversible.We will Leave #EU – for good!…conversations will continue: IN or OUT?But on Thursday, those conversations will Stop!"#Brexit 
As a grassroots #Conservatives member, I received a letter from @theresa_may outlining the Government's #Brexit plans.#ChequersPlan is NOT #BrexitUnder @theresa_may #Brexit means #Remain#ChequersPlan is a #Brexit betrayal  
Loving Deborah Meaden’s outspoken stance on Brexit. Someone with her business skill and experience could really help to wake the country up about the disastrous course we’re on. 
Well this is major: More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU | Politics | The Guardian  
Read this front page to mean:#Brexit =#Boris and #Trump. They'll be running the show.We need an #Opposition. 
Deborah Meaden cannot find a single SME which would benefit from brexit  
On Friday I got a request (along with other @nmdcnews directors) to comment on how @DCMS can develop a UK Soft Power strategy post #Brexit  Stopping daft things like this happening would be a start  
More than 100 UK constituencies that voted to leave the EU have now changed their minds: The majority of British voters now want to remain in The EU. The fallout from the original Brexit debacle assures to an even greater parliamentary battle ahead.  
Let's #unify against #brexit. It's time to end it, it's time to put down the coup that is behind it. We know who they are. We now know why they initiated it, to rob the people of their own country.  Let's unite against a common foe & get on to sorting out real issues. #FBPE 
Why would we not go on about Brexit? It’s a shit show, lead by vainglorious arses all rushing to profit from the chaos. And we should stay quiet? 
This report suggests that people in #plymouth are changing their views away from Leave and towards Remain. People’s views are changing especially away from the Conservative’s hard Brexit no deal that would cause huge economic damage   
MUST READ: brilliant local colour from @ObserverUK with Swansea locals telling their story as to why they have switched to back staying in the EU ‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
Brexit means England will stand alone, Ireland will be united and Scotland will be a nation again  via @ShaunyNews 
Trump tells May’s weak govt to break with EU & side with USA against Iran, if UK wants a trade deal with the USA. Another great #BetterTogether #Brexit bonus....war with Iran. Scotland when will you wake up & stop having your future decided by incompetent UK govts? #Tories 
The nation's mood has changed. A majority of constituencies now oppose Brexit. Across the house, MPs must ask this: do they wish to go down in history for impoverishing the country through Brexit; or for giving the public a final vote on the govt's deal vs staying in the EU?  
Here's what I think. Leavers won't fight for it. If brexit goes away they'll fade. Politicians will shrug their shoulders & say "we tried." Many will secretly breathe a sigh of relief. The only ones that will shout will be the racists & xenophobes that did before. Fuck 'em 
Polls.........lol - the only poll that matters in on Election Day or referendum day - seem to remember polls saying Remain would win by a huge margin in referendum , remind me what happened again?????  
Analysis finds 100+ seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU Observer  
This looks like by far the most robust analysis of changes in public opinion since the referendum - big sample, proven cutting edge methodology & sophisticated modelling by the impeccably strong team at focaldata 
Massive new poll shows significant shift against Brexit in Wales and North of England. This certainly reflects what I have seen in Wales over recent months - Labour voters are rightly concerned that Brexit and a Tory Government is a truly poisonous mix! @BestForBritain 
Both @DeborahMeaden and @DuncanBannatyne had opposing views during the Brexit campaign, but they both agree on holding a People's Vote.  
Genuinely trying to work out whether Brexit will happen now, by trying to figure out which is the more cowardly option for the government. 
If I was a non-UK EU citizen living in Britain now, I’d be really concerned. There’s no way there will not be tens of thousands of Brexit horror stories; the baseline Home Office position is, and has been for some time: reject whenever possible.  
Call for a second referendum and you might save the country from generations of impoverishment and nonsense. Continue to do nothing and it won’t even help win you temporary seats in Brexitland. Can we end this fucking mess now please. pic.twitter.com/2Ud9vci5XG 
Corbyn opened up the party to the rag bag of crackpots who have always been around the revolutionary fringe, SWP, Stop the War etc. It's destroyed the Labour party and failed to oppose brexit. What a catastrophe 
This polling chimes with all anecdotal evidence - Labour should back 2nd referendum and Norway+ deal - Shadow Cabinet should propose it at Liverpool  
I keep seeing people say that #FBPE is some sort of conspiracy against Corbyn.Nah, if he supported a meaningful vote and opposed Brexit I'd support him.He however, has not yet done so, but when he does, I'll support this.I support now, whichever party opposes BrexitThat's it. 
The NHS was used to sell Brexit. May the truth about Brexit & the NHS be what stops Brexit. #peoplesvote #PeoplesVoteSW 
Brextremists pretend Brexit was a revolution against the elite when it was never more than the far right using 'the people' for its own ends.  The real revolution is the movement against Brexit; the people fighting for the values of freedom and the benefits of co-operation.  
James Frayne: Those pressing for a second referendum have no idea of the damage it would do | Conservative Home  
Brexit just happened to be the first time I voted for the winner and I've spent two years regretting it. Typical really. When I win I lose. 
They won't let it go, will they? Second Referendum, they call for. A People's vote this time, they shriek.#1. The EU Ref in 2016 WAS the Second Referendum.#2. The People voted in 2016. Who else did, insects?Respect the democratic verdict of the People. 
Pete Wishart tweets of his difficulty explaining Brexit to People from other countries. "We're intentionally isolating and impoverishing ourselves". Don't know why this is difficult. Just use the explanations you used for Independence Pete. 
Common sense is starting to get ahead, the fog is lifting, the scales are falling from people’s eyes. My local campaigning group gave out 1000 bollox to brexit stickers out today, they could have done twice that. @chesterforeu#OptionToRemain #peoplesvote #FinalSayForAll 
OBSERVER: Brexit shift: more than 100 Leave seats now back Remain #tomorrowspaperstoday 
This story could not be more important. The country is turning against #Brexit and the shift is biggest in #Labour heartlands.It is time for @UKLabour to back a #PeoplesVote and campaign to #Remain in the EU. It is in the party interest. It is in the national interest. 
We're not fighting just so that Remainers don't end up permanently disappointed in British politics...What happens when Brexit voters end up with less control, a worse NHS, and worse off? They'll be angrier than Remainers! 
Big shift in public opinion is a clear indication we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal  
Brexit democratically dead: More than 100 Westminster constituencies that voted to leave the EU have now switched their support to Remain, according analysis seen by the Observer. Most seats in Britain now contain a majority of voters who want to stay in the EU. (Let's bury it!) 
More than 100 seats that backed Brexit now want to stay in EU  
“One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.”Plato #Brexit #ToryBrexitMeltdown 
I will not back a disastrous Brexit, concocted by a corrupt Tory Government. Scotland is better than this anti-European ‘Union of equals’. I am a Scottish internationalist, and I believe in the inalienable right of people to self determination. Independence is normal. #IndyRef2 
I'll be honest my heart would of said YES with an ish to an United Ireland & head would have said NO.But with #Brexit & reading more the impact to  in particular the North as well as reading more on the history of the last 97yrs of divide.I'm leaning to #think32 @Think32_ 
Significant new polling analysis shows that more than 100 Leave seats now back remain. Shows the growing momentum for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal. #FFS 
The country really is just shifting. The idea that Labour's electablity strategy runs through accepting Tory Brexit is not just wrong politically and morally. It's also factually false.  
Listen up @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer. Are we going to continue to back Brexit against the express wishes of Labour voters everywhere?"The trend is starkest in the North of England and Wales - Labour heartlands in which Brexit sentiment appears to be changing"#FinalSayForAll 
“It’s just a mess” - Leave voting #Swansea turns against #Brexit, more in Sunday’s @guardian Observer. 
Some Tory MPs will boycott the Conservative party conferenceThe Remainers among them who have been trying to sabotage #Brexit are too chicken to talk face to face with grassroots members angry over the #ChequersPlanSuch cowardice!#StandUp4Brexit 
‘They don’t know what they’re doing’: Leave-voting Swansea turns on Brexit  
BREAKING: Just reached 1,000 Followers in ONE DAYThe Left will be literally grizzling into their lentilsWe want #Brexit, controlled immigration, secure Borders. British people put first, NOT last.Thanks to every single one of you#Brexit #IAmBritish #DrainTheSwamp 
Seems that Corbyn’s Brexit long game is going to be one big own goal instead… it’s not too late to change course, and offer the electorate a real alternative.  
I'm 56 and I've worked in the NHS for >33yrs. I'm knackered but I still fight Brexit for the sake of our country and our young whose lives will otherwise be blightedThis gives me hope, though#PeoplesVote #OptionToStay#FinalSayForAll @BestForBritain 
Such a huge shift in public opinion cannot be ignored. Given that Brexit is also being forced through by a weak and unstable monitory Govt, continuing with such an unpopular policy is unsustainable. Time for a #FinalSayForAll with an #OptionToStay#StopBrexit 
Brexit shift: more than 100 Leave seats now back Remain.Major poll analysis reveals voter shift.Change greatest in Labour heartlands.Please RT to help press the case for a #FinalSayForAll with an #OptionToStay in the EU.@BestForBritain @hopenothate 
It's becoming clearer and clearer that: #BrexitIsBonkers#PeoplesVote (if there is a final deal. ..) And look at how the @Observer laid out that pic of #BorisJohnson! #BrexitShambles#Brexit-#InYourGutsYouKnowItsNuts 
It looks to me like public opinion over #Brexit is shifting. Take a look @ ‘The Observer’ front page for tomorrow morningIt appears people want an #OptionToStay & a #FinalSayForAll now. Brexit shift: more than 100 Leave seats now back Remain#PeoplesVote  Bring It On 
.@hopenothate polling makes the front page of tomorrow’s @ObserverUK. 112 Leave constituencies would now vote Remain in a new referendum  
“The shift has been driven by doubts among Labour voters who backed Leave...the trend is starkest in the North of England and Wales - Labour heartlands in which Brexit sentiment appears to be changing.”#FinalSayForAll #optiontostay @BestForBritain @hopenothate 
BREAKING: Massive Brexit shift reported from our research, ⁦@ObserverUK⁩ exclusivelink to follow..#finalsay @bestforbritain ⁦@hopenothate⁩ 
That's a HUGE Brexit shift! The country doesn't want Brexit. #FinalSayForAll #OptiontoStay 
A no-deal #Brexit would see immense harm wreaked on the British people by an elite faction seeking to slash its exposure to taxes, regulations & workers rights. It would be a crime against the British people inflicted by the government at the behest of that elite. #PeoplesVote 
Katsina,Bauchi and Kogi by elections is a referendum on the recent political convulsions and Egress. 
Ah hear. Britain is staring into the Brexit precipice - literally. And what’s the political response? Full on culture wars. This is going to end *very* badly  
Anna Soubry: I only backed EU referendum vote because Remain was supposed to win  via @PoliticsHome 
Also, fear of debt, lack of access to housing and career structures, & Brexit uncertainty. Thinking that you won't have the right to work or live in countries you thought you could all your life doesn't encourage you to take on debt. 
Brilliant afternoon in fab #Bristol speaking up alongside young people, NHS workers, @FFSake_ @Femi_Sorry @OFOCBrexit @bristoleurope and cross-party coalition for why we need a @peoplesvote_uk on #Brexit and a politics of #Hope not #Fear @WalesForEurope @laboursinglemkt 
The only perceived benefit of Brexit mentioned at Llanfyllin show today was “extra tourism because of devalued pound.” Oh, so never mind destroying rest of economy as long as we get a few more tourists from outside Europe. No mention of currently most tourists coming from EU!  
The public position is clear we are now 53% in favour of Remain, however the young, to whom the future belongs, are 80% Remain. In addition NONE of your ‘gerrymandered ADVISORY 2016 referendum’s promises’ will be delivered.THERE IS NO PUBLIC MANDATE FOR BREXIT@Conservatives 
Another leave voter changes to #Remain, noting the #Brexit that’s pursued is ‘trick against the masses for private gain’.Many leave voters won’t admit they’re victims of a scam by a wealthy elite. Those voters are as much victims of Brexit as others are. 
Not only was the result unsafe, but, it was an advisory Referendum, which has been re-interpreted to become a mandatory result = NOT TRUE. There have been so MANY unsound decisions made in the name of BREXIT, that the whole subject stinks of corruption and anti-democratic action.  
93% of companies expect revenue to fall in 2019 due to Brexit, which in any form is bad for jobs, living standards and public expenditure.The sooner our leaders @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer oppose, the sooner we will represent the Many.#PeoplesVote 
can we not get one of the national newspapers to do an article about the #RemainerNow movement? or would that do too much to encourage others to come forward and derail Brexit?  
One awful consequence of Brexit already is the fate of over 3 million EU citizens in the UK. They’re our friends, doctors, teachers, nurses, they’ve contributed to our society and they feel abandoned. We must stand up for them. Please help however you can.  
Good piece by @jon_trickett on the rising alt-right tide - #Brexit is their project too and it must be defeated!   
Thank you @RhonddaBryant for sharing this  Don't know who made it but well done whoever you are - it's great!! #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #BorisJohnson 
To not implement the result of referenda will not only produce a complete collapse in trust with the electorate, but the demise of the political party responsible as we know it.#Brexit  
“Leave conducted one of the most dishonest campaigns this country has ever seen. On virtually every major issue that was raised in this referendum debate Leave’s arguments consisted of at best misrepresentations and at worst outright deception." 
Here's the frank truth and it's not meant in any kind of bitterness. The English liberal left's actions during our independence referendum felt like a betrayal by someone I thought was an old friend. Any sympathy I might have had with the idea that we owe you something die then. 
Guest column for tomorrow's @DailyMirror all ready to go. Me putting the world to rights on: Brexit, Boris Johnson, violent crime and more. Make sure you grab a copy!   
Tory MPs are turning down invitations to speak at #CPC18 and some are  planning to skip the four day-event altogether, amid fears it will be a toxic "bloodbath" due to ongoing party disagreements over #Brexit  
9/9 My advice is to write to your Member of Parliament and ASK what the status will be for EU nationals in the UK post no deal Brexit and how likely a no deal brexit actually is!   Get it in writing. 
8/ much much more.This is NOT "Project Fear" but the legal consequences of a No Deal Brexit.... and all our elected representatives can tell us is "don't worry about it, it'll all be fine.". 
The Hamilton’s try to give UKIP a softer image. Stop this Brexit nightmare. #FBPE 
Has Brian Wilson written a single thing in the last 4 years that isn’t just a whining SNP bad rant? You’d RT ISIS if they slagged off the Scottish Government. How’s the Tory dark money scandal going? Brexit sorted yet? 
Young voters want final say on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, poll finds  
Dear Wolves fans, two things happen if you sing 'Sign on' at Everton:1: they don't give a shit, they hate the song2: you sound like a small time full on Brexit bunch of knobheads.Going to be a long season if you insist on being so wool. 
**VOTE & RETWEET POLL**How do you think #Brexit will affect #UK Businesses? 
Today @vincecable spoke at the People's Vote event in Bristol. Public opinion is turning and there is still time to demand a final say on Brexit.Add your name if you want to #ExitfromBrexit  
Good day at the Mid Argyll Show.A number of folk thinking Brexit is bad but they don't know enough to make a decision about Independence. Get out there, folks!  
After the #PeoplesVoteSW rally, there is no doubt about the support for a #PeoplesVote on the final brexit deal.  
#ChequersPlan #brexitIf the Tories don't sort her out, they're toast.Are you listening, @Conservatives?The UK is not yours to do with as you wish. 
Remainer Peer admits a second referendum would be perceived as a fix by Political elites against people.  
Funny how the perpetrators never pause and wonder if they were wrong all along. Everything we warned them about has come to pass and they still don’t ask themselves that simple question ‘could it be that Brexit isn’t what we thought it was. Maybe it’s us that got it wrong.  
Tory Anger: “My main concern is White Paper, it's NOT #BrexitWe are still tied to ECJ rules, common rulebook is absolute farce!It’s purely for #EU benefit, not ours.We've got NO input in it NO say in it & bound by future rules.To me, that's NOT Brexit" 
Its highly complex just-in-time supply chain makes the sandwich vulnerable to the impact of a no-deal Brexit  
When the wind blows, Scilly Pelagics goes. Another tremendous day off Scilly: Wilson's & 50+ Brexit Storm-petrels; Cory's, Balearic, 200+ Great, 35+ Sooty, 100s Manx Shearwaters; Bonxies, Blue Shark, Common Dolphin; + a great bunch of pelagicers!  
#BristolPost Live: Hundreds take part in ‘People’s Vote’ anti-Brexit rally in Bristol  
The centre of gravity has shifted toward a new referendum on Brexit, says @vincecable⁩.Britain would back continued EU membership by 53% to 47% if a referendum was held now.MPs must call a #PeoplesVote. Give the public a say, with an option to stay. 
Informed consent to #Brexit can only happen once people know the final deal, if any & have clear information about the risks as well as any benefits. Grossly irresponsible for Govt to proceed without informed consent & would bear full blame for the consequences 
GAVIN ESLER: Why I’ve changed my mind on #Brexit and why it must be stopped:  
Don't be so stupid. In case you hadn't noticed we had a peoples vote & the people voted to leave. You need to accept that result & start working to make a success of Brexit, not keep bleating on about some mythical Armageddon. 
Wolves fans singing ‘Sign on, sign on...’ in response to Everton’s opening goal.And there’s me forgetting Wolverhampton was a wealthy, cosmopolitan metropolis & not a West Midlands sink town that voted overwhelmingly for Brexit 
To proceed with #Brexit without a #PeoplesVote would be like a surgeon carrying out an amputation having sought their patient’s consent 2 years beforehand without either of them knowing whether they were going to lose a few toes or their whole leg. 
What the hell is a Brexit exemption?How does that work - legally?Will Grimsby attempt to become a city state with EU membership? Can I have an individual 'exemption'?Anyone else want one? via @LondonEconomic 
These are the simple facts that explode all pro Brexit arguments based on the need to control immigration. Astonishing how few people are aware of them.  
In 1975 young people voted en masse for "Yes" to stay in the Common Market. In 2016 those 20 and 30 something pro Europeans had become the 60 and 70 year olds who turned out in droves to vote leave.People become more Eurosceptic as they grow older!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
For the first half of 2018, Britain registered faster growth than France. And than Italy and Japan. And perhaps matched Canada and Germany. Which means Britain is in (joint) second place in the G7 for economic growth after the US. Did someone say #Brexit Armageddon?  
Despite my commitment to #Scottish_independence, despite the implacable opposition #Corbyn_Labour has to that, and despite #Corbyn_Labour's clumsy and weak opposition to #Brexit, they are currently the only hope for #England - and I want England - the real England - to have hope. 
Young voters want final say on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, poll finds  
Opinion in #BuryStEdmunds shifting even more to a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal......  
Second poll..Labour leadership challenge..Which one? #Labour #Brexit #Corbyn 
"they're queuing up for a trade deal with us!"except it's now pretty clear that all around the world (and as a DIRECT result of Brexit) we are now seen as a far less attractive place for investment.  
Great to speak to German TV viewers about the growing opposition to #Brexit and overwhelmingly support for a #peoplesvote on the deal. #LibDems #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Deborah Meaden: "I can’t support something that I think is going to be immensely harmful to my country and I also don’t believe ‘thinking positive’ is going to cut it." 
He has nailed nothing. And you have just shown yourself to be an(other) uncritical partisan @bbc journalist #pluscachange #Brexit 
Montserrat monk threatened with death for defending Catalan referendum  
Dudes rather than tweeting me that not voting for Corbyn will only bring a Tory Gov maybe change your leader to someone who is not an antisemite who supports Brexit.Just a thought... 
Because I was kinda doing Andy Parsons' old job hosting the #PeoplesVoteSW rally I realised I had to write jokes.My 1st thought: "The target of my jokes must be clear. I'm making fun of Brexit, NOT Brexit voters. So I should avoid likening them to vacant holes, like letterboxes" 
Okay Labour supporters/members/voters.. Which one? #Brexit #Corbyn #Labour 
BREAKING: Leaked papers reveal secret code-word being used by fascist Tory/Labour coalition Government to describe their dystopian far right Brexit plans: ......"ARMAGAMMON" 
This is the best piece I’ve read about Brexit.   
Can a #Leaver explain in what way the UK's sovereignty will change the lives of the ordinary UK family after March 2019? I keep reading they voted for #Brexit because they wanted to get back sovereignty, so I wondered how they'll be materially better off next year.Thanks 
Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of North East Labour backbenchers breaking ranks  
Please don’t forget a lot of Brits passionately share your view. We need you to help us. We are 21 miles away with a tunnel connecting us. We loathe Brexit.,To us it means Trump, Banks, Farage, Johnson, Rees-Mogg, Dorries, Stuart, Oakeshott, Bannon, Batten et al. All despicable 
Brexit-o-meter @theSNP stall at County Show Orkney 11/08/2018. 
A stern warning by #PritiPatel to the PM: "We could throw away hard-won  gains in pro-Leave constituencies across the North-East and Midlands if we continue to compromise on the referendum." #NoDeal is a good Plan B and now must be thoroughly prepared for! 
They say we have no choice but to bow down to #Brussels. We say they are woefully underestimating this country! @BorisJohnson's magnificent closing speech days before the #referendum. No wonder @theresa_may is out to get him!  #Boris4PM #MayMustGo @ConHome 
Parliament can legislate for fresh referendum within weeks, says Cable  
Sinn Féin representatives attending the No Brexit, No Borders, No Barriers protest in Newry today.  
This poll just about sums Brexit up – 60% don’t care what happens over Brexit they just want it to be over  
The majority now want to #Remain in the EU by a six-point margin, 53%-47%.Under-50s strongly want to stay, huge poll finds.And four in every five 18 to 24 year olds want to stay in.Brexit is not the will of the people.Hold a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit. 
MUST WATCH - @fleetstreetfox magnificent here, NAIL. ON. HEAD. over this Johnson Burka orchestrated debacle. @SebastianEPayne reduced to playing Ernie Wise, provides Susie with the opportunity to deliver a devastating closing line...don't miss it. 
Forget Brexit. The fact that Anastacia has never had a UK number one single is the worst thing this country has ever done. 
UK, YouGov poll:EU membership ref.18-24 REMAIN 79%, LEAVE 21%25-49 REMAIN 63%, LEAVE 37%50-64 REMAIN 46%, LEAVE 54%65+    REMAIN 34%, LEAVE 66%Field work: 31/07/18 – 7/08/18Sample size: 1,134 + 4,271 + 2,399 + 2,318#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Remain peer, Lord Hennessy admits having another referendum would be "patronising and counter-productive" - wise words that some of these anti-democrats who refuse to accept the referendum result should take note of! Support us at  
Brexit is ultimately about the unbelievable ability of Theresa, Jeremy and the British public to tolerate utter bollocks. 
Look at this great deal - we give them billions of gallons of clean fresh water and in return they give us millions of tons of radioactive mud! @WelshGovernment has some brilliant negotiators. Maybe we should put them in charge of #Brexit. We'd get an ace trade deal. #indywales 
This is a goddamn blisteringly good thread, stuffed with key infographics. It’s about why the UK -a rich nation- has absurd inequality......and how leading proponents of Brexit have a strong interest in keeping it that way.  
Significant that over 600,000 people have already signed the @Independent's #FinalSay Petition for a People's Vote on the actual #Brexit deal. You can add your name here:… 
No more money to the EU! #brexit  
Warnings from Amazon, that “civil unrest” faces the UK within weeks of a no-deal #Brexit, must not be ignored by the Govt. Warnings of this nature are deeply worrying for the public when it comes to the future of the economy. 
'As a 15-year-old youth MP, I can tell you why ignoring our young people on the final Brexit deal will be a disaster'  
“@mariacaulfield has pledged her support to #StandUpForBrexit – a campaign to raise awareness of the discontent among voters over the Chequers deal – calling on the Government to #ChuckChequers"Ask your MP to #StandUp4Brexit too#Chequers is not Brexit 
.⁦@mariacaulfield⁩ has signed up to our #StandUp4Brexit campaign & has challenged the PMs #ChequersPlan for failing to deliver on the demands of British voters as she pledged to honour the vote of her constituents.⁦#Brexit @StandUp4Brexit  
Bristol starts to Break Brexit - great rally today  
A big thank you to @Femi_Sorry from @OFOCBrexit for hosting today's sold out #PeoplesVoteSW rally at the amazing Colton Hall in #Bristol today. Hundreds of people filled the venue to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.See you all in #Edinburgh next week. 
Good news! EU must urgently ban Roundup, & if UK Govt serious about safeguarding protections for health & environment after possible Brexit, it must commit to a ban now.Huge vindication for campaigners & tells corporations they will be held accountable.  
Correct. And I am pleased to see that more & more people are taking on board that #brexit is not about exiting a common market, it is a stepping stone for an authoritarian neo feudalist far right capitalist fundamentalist regime under which pretty much everyone will suffer #FBPE 
I get it from the dread I feel when I think of the outcome of Brexit.  
'CHUCK Chequers!' Brexiteer MP joins people’s campaign @StandUp4Brexit to BLOCK May’s Brexit blueprint 
Today I spoke at a People’s Vote event in Bristol. The public opinion is turning – we CAN win this fight and Exit from Brexit. Add your name today:  
#MollyScottCato Green Party remindng us of the crimes committed on the run up to Brexit Go Molly! #DangerousRadicals 
To those who say this Brexit cost is worth it for “freedom” & “sovereignty”, I have a special offer for you:Please transfer £600 to my account & I will send you:A statement granting you personal sovereignty... and a declaration of your freedom. Bargain. Grab it fast! 
Manipulative hard-right money-hoarder Jacob Rees-Mogg claims Boris Johnson being investigated by the Tory Party for encouraging religious intolerance claims that it's a proxy battle over Brexit.  That's quite revealing as Boris and the hard-right Telegraph fired the first shot  
At the #PeoplesVoteSW - with wonderful audience & now @MollyMEP giving an inspiring talk. Talks of meeting people working for Honda who feel no politicians are listening to them on disastrous consequences of Brexit. “We need to stop this madness” #PeoplesVote 
"Though the UK’s populist revolt remains, for the moment, contained by a knackered party system, it is still thrashing beneath the surface. Whether or not Brexit is thwarted, politics will never be the same again"@Tom_Slater_ on Brexit's populist promise  
“If you were about to undergo surgery, as a bare minimum you would expect to know what the operation involved & to be informed about all the risks and benefits.” The same should apply to Brexit. Brilliant speech from GP & MP @sarahwollaston at our #PeoplesVoteSW rally in Bristol 
Inspiring to be here at #PeoplesVoteSW with many great speakers & a big audience - all calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. With the brilliant @Femi_Sorry coordinating the show today. 
Chair of @Bristol4Europe, @SamHickmott, tells a sold out #PeoplesVoteSW rally in #Bristol that we must have a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal, and we must also start listening to those who have differing opinions to us so that we can bring this country together.  
Just tried to type that famous Hobbes quotation and autocorrect gave me ‘solitary, poor, nasty, British, and short’. Is this a post Brexit thing? 
Even Tories don't want to be around Tories! This shambles of a government is crumbling before our eyes - we need #GE2018Now Conservative MPs plan to avoid their party conference 'like the plague' amid fears of a Brexit 'bloodbath'  via @BIUK_Politics 
"If you are a member of momentum or of @UKLabour, go and speak to them, go and speak to your MP, and make your voices heard at the top of the party" says Stephen Doughty MP, as he calls for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit at today's sold out #PeoplesVoteSW rally in #Bristol. 
Labour Cardiff MP Stephen Doughty tells #PeoplesVoteSW : “We are not going to be quiet; democracy did not die in 2016. The overwhelming majority of Labour voters think Brexit is a disaster. If you’re a member of the Labour Party go and speak. That’s why I support a #PeoplesVote.” 
A passionately pro-European Briton has quit his job to drive around the continent for months spelling out 'STOP BREXIT' on maps depicting his circuitous route  By @joejackson #therogueconsultant 
"A majority of Doctors in the #NHS are now calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal, and it's up to all of us to make sure that we have one" says Dr Lauren Gavaghan at today's sold out #PeoplesVoteSW rally at #ColstonHall in #Bristol. 
Compelling case for #NHS and against Brexit from Dr #LaurenGavaghan #peoplesvoteSW 
.@sarahwollaston shares that she changed her mind on #Brexit. Important to know that this is possible. #PeoplesVoteSW 
Sarah Woolaston making a strong case against Brexit  - No ‘informed consent’ on the outcome of Brexit. #peoplesvoteS 
An excellent opening from @Femi_Sorry from our friends at @OFOCBrexit on how Brexit negotiations have been a nightmare and the case for a #PeoplesVote 
The stage line up for Gordon Brown's eve of referendum speech in 2014.  
How a no deal Brexit would work for trade. It’s not pretty.  
At the anti brexit rally in Bristol, @Femi_Sorry  is in charge. 
Colston Hall is PACKED for Bristol's anti-Brexit rally where politicians including Vince Cable are due to speak. We have live updates here:  
I’m with you Hughie! Brexit is a profound disaster! Don’t make the same mistake we’re making! Both of us walking off the world stage at same time will permanently alter the future for the worse. For us all. Sensible rational Britons stop it now before it’s too late!@HackedOffHugh  
Hennessey on #bbcaq saying "I am a remainer but we must complete Brexit". I hear this a lot. Mostly from elderly people, people about to retire, people with assets. In other words, people who have a financial buffer when it all goes wrong. Think of young people who dont have this 
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal  via @UKChange 
And after nearly 3 hours the people of #Borehamwood have spoken on #Brexit and the #PeoplesVote 
We haven’t even started... “When it becomes apparent that Chequers is not the end of the line for UK concessions, the resultant drop in Tory poll ratings is likely to spark a full-scale rebellion”#StandUp4Brexit#Chequers is not BrexitArticle in thread 
Half of Britons want a #PeoplesVote!  This is amazing - the demand for a vote on the final Brexit deal is clearly high. Sign and share the petition:  
Remainer peer says the establishment would fix any 2nd EU referendum for remain  
WOW.   Just look at all the countries around the world queuing up to do a trade deal with Post-Brexit Britain.   Bear in mind that these same ones have already opposed the UK WTO proposals. @LiamFox what have you been doing for 2 years? 
I definitely had Brexit depression. But I now feel energized. We can’t allow this to happen & ruin people’s lives. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Trouble is I remember what the Tories did to oil rich Scotland in the 80s & we passively let them. I fear it’ll be the same with Brexit 
The dark cloud of Brexit is nearly upon us but, the silver lining of the Reunification of Ireland is just over the horizon.People are realising one strong economy is better for us all.The time has come, the appetite is here, get the conversation started.#Think32 
3 inches of water and they are building a shit plastic chair bridge. No wonder London voted Remain watching this. Granite Brexit needed.  
Most popular? It's the only way out now. If a maj still want to accept a #Brexit that leaves us Poorer & Removes Rights then I guess at least it will Confirm it but if a maj now wants to#Revoke #Remain #Reform then MPs must now vote to #StopBrexit.#FBPE 
Brexit started as an attempt by Cameron to appease a few of his party's Eurosceptic fundamentalists & to stem the flow of Tory voters to UKIP. Things did not turn out as expected & Brexit has become a right-wing coup that threatens our economic future, our values & our democracy. 
Why I left the @Conservatives& joined the @LibDems via @LibDemPress & @LibDems. Their ideologically driven disastrous #Brexit & lurch to the right led me to leave them. Conscience comes before one's own ambitions... 
We need a man of vision, a New PM who believes in BREXIT and BRITAIN and someone who will stand up for the 17,410,742 who voted to Leave the EU cesspool! We need @BorisJohnson as Leader of the Conservatives! 
So Gareth Bennett thinks anybody asking for a second EU referendum is wrong but his whole leadership shtick is to abolish the Assembly that was put there by a referendum then relatively recently given more powers by an overwhelming majority in another referendum. 
Don´t blame the muslims for the furore which has been invented over Boris Johnson innocent remarks. Instead blame the tories who are doing everything to ensure he does not become leader after May has been thrown into the Thames for her obscene brexit treachery. 
I’ve thought about this a lot. My fear is that, given the economic and social damage that will follow from a bad brexit deal (or no deal), people will be more likely to turn to extremes than if we remain. 
Hear, hear.I went through that stage a while back.After the referendum, I wrote plans for UK-EU science after Brexit.However, I always maintained that the public had a right to pull the plug on Brexit if they didn’t like where it was going.We’re well & truly at that stage 
John Redwood: Have advised Govt NOT to sign a 1-sided EU Withdrawal Agreement unsuitable for UK.The long complex document written for #EU benefit to lock UK into continuing financial & legal obligations is NOT appropriate to an independent country#Brexit 
It’s Saturday.Is despair finite?The wretched Sun is now proclaiming that ‘after Brexit’ we can ‘kick out’ EU27 nationals who haven’t found a job after 3 months.Under CURRENT EU law they can be required/requested to leave after 3 months.My despair just moved up another notch. 
Trump & #Brexit unleashed a Domino Effect.More countries are now returning to the Normal.Italy is the now another country which restores the Traditinal Family and the Two Gender Society.Yaaay!  
I’ve been on a similar journey to @gavinesler - obviously I think brexit is damaging, but in the main I’ve resisted arguing for another vote. But the damage is now too severe and increasing. At stake are fundamental principles that go way beyond brexit.  
Good news. @Theresa_May has promised to “deliver on the will of the British people”. Today, the ‘will of the British people’ is NOT to go ahead with #Brexit. Are you listening, Prime Minister? Join the discussion on Facebook at  #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Our Bristol rally venue is filling. People from across the South West are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteSW 
Despite Mrs May's "Terrorgate" anti-Brexit campaign, Britain seems to be booming. > Record low unemployment> Record exports> Growth outstripping the EU#BringOnBrexit 
Despite the fall in the pound, Manufacturing is now in recession in the UK. Brexit inevitably means we'll 'Build less in Britain'With fewer jobs and lower living standards the result @UKLabour must oppose Brexit in the interest of the Many.#PeoplesVote 
Talking up a second referendum "would just encourage the European Union to give us the WORST POSSIBLE DEAL". Not our words, but those of second referendum campaigner Sarah Wollaston, earlier this year. Does she want us to get the worst possible deal?  
I only wish sensible business had spoken louder & more forcefully during Ref campaign& ignored Redwood threat of sanctions. I applaud all rational business people who speak Brexit truth &deplore those Brexiteer tycoons who move to Monaco personally or their production to Malaysia  
British manufacturing in recession: is this the Brexit bonus we were promised?#PeoplesVote #OFOC 
If you aren't afraid of the consequences then you just don't understand what Brexit is. 
Whatever Theresa is trying to achieve, it most certainly is NOT Brexit.   
They call this 'project fear' but the above is the direct legal repercussion of a no deal Brexit and I've barely scratched the surface in this thread. 
If Brexit died tomorrow not a single person, except maybe Arron Banks and some rich tax avoiders, would be worse off. If it survives we will all, except maybe Arron Banks and some rich tax avoiders, be worse off. What's the point? 
If you oppose Brexit, the Lib Dems are currently the only game in town  
Britain’s economy has slowed to a standstill, largely because of Brexit  
Join the Brexit resistance this summer with our Exit from Brexit campaign.Find out how you can help below. 
Will be out canvassing on Mon aft for Lab in local elections next May. So many issues locally, hosp closures, fly tipping, crap unaffordable rural bus services, lack of decent affordable housing, lack of decent jobs with decent wages. Will anyone mention Brexit or AS. We'll see.. 
I stand with @The3Million @BritishInEurope: as a country we have a moral duty to secure all their rights & make sure people feel secure. People who mostly had no vote on the referendum that has thrown their lives into limbo... don’t stay silent, show them your support too  
One after another, those who made promises on #Brexit are jumping ship – leaving in their wake a chaotic Brexit process that will cost jobs in Scotland.  
Latest poll: voters support remain, a vote on the deal, free trade over controlling migration,  a say on EU rules, think talks are going badly & UK will get bad deal. Time for political leadership to halt brexit.  
We're campaigning with @Remain_Labour for Labour policy to be to :         Vote against the Withdrawal Agreement in Parliament         Support a People’s Vote on the Withdrawal Agreement and to campaign to Remain in the EU in that referendum​Pass our CLP motion here  
Conservative MPs plan to avoid their party conference 'like the plague' amid fears of a Brexit 'bloodbath' - Business Insider  
I say it again, I welcome anyone who is against #brexit no matter what their political colour. We may have our differences but on this we are united against a common foe, an attempt by a small group of well financed hard right wingers who want to take control of our country #FBPE 
Dan bemoans the absence of pro Brexit comedy at the Fringe with a this-will-have-them-rolling-in-the-aisles starter for ten..... no punchline obviously cos that’s the tricky bit.  
Important piece on Brexit.  It’s not too late to turn back.  GAVIN ESLER: Why I’ve changed my mind on Brexit  
John Redwood: Reply to letter from PMIt appears PM has been misled by Her advisers!Chequers does not in any way reflect Her aims & principles!UK won't Leave #EU in March 2019UK continues Free MovementUK accepts EU lawsUK continues EU payments#Brexit 
Thanks again to @andreajenkyns for pledging to #StandUp4Brexit Your support means so much to the vast majority of normal, hardworking British people whose voices are being ignored by our media and liberal elite#Chequers is not Brexit  
BREXIT: Anti-Brexit protesters to take to the streets of Bristol today  /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Project Fear scare stories that the UK could run out of food in the event of a no-deal Brexit are branded “outrageous" by a top economics expert:  
Four Years After Michael Brown, Missouri’s Primary Brings A New Referendum On The Case That Never Was  
Johnson and Rees-Mogg are now clearly following Bannon's advice to appeal to the basest sentiments of Tory supporters. Are we to believe that being guided by an American fascist agitator is patriotic? #PeoplesVote #BREXIT 
'This is NOT Brexit!' FURY among Conservative grassroots as May faces summer of discontent  
"May’s silence in the face of an attack on this country’s democracy – indeed, on its sovereignty – is no more defensible than Trump’s. The Americans are conducting a full-scale inquiry. Where is ours?" ⁦@Freedland⁩ on #Trump #Russia #Brexit  
Major Brexit poll finds 53% would back Remain if referendum was held now.And a no deal scenario pushes the six-point margin to 12 points for Remain, winning 56% to 44%, the @YouGov poll found.So hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Thanks to @mariacaulfield for this brilliant video explaining why she’s pledged to #StandUp4BrexitPlease watch, share and ask your MP to #StandUp4Brexit too!#Chequers is not Brexit  
Absolute nonsense. Waving flags and singing Rule Britannia won’t make businesses and markets view Brexit differently. Businesses are looking at the reality of the situation - which is dreadful - not a unicorn delusion of what we would like reality to be.  
Buhari's using of mythical 'Igbo Presidency' in 2023 is farcical & can never win him SE votes. The Igbos prefer restructuring to true federalism or if that fails, referendum on independence before the so-called Igbo presidency. Presidency of a failing state? Who that one epp? 
Final Say: Parliament can legislate for fresh referendum within weeks, says Vince Cable - The Independent  
It all starts in Bristol today!Campaign for second Brexit vote seeks support beyond capital  
Anyone with a sense of self-deprecation or irony is appalled by the embarrassing self-regard of Brexit. Leaver stand up would be horrific.  
Normal cult response - why not look at the bigger issue here. Corbyn type of Labour Party will never get in power, tell me when it last did? The stance on Brexit is a major loser for many along with the typical Corbyn cult response of only the leaders word is valid 
Admit it, Leavers. You thought Brexit would mean leaving all the responsibility of EU membership and keeping all the benefits. 
She's off again - Julia Hartley-Brewer tells caller 'women in burkas do look like bank robbers'. "They do, they do" she screams...Brexiteers becoming increasingly hysterical over criticism of serial shagger and pathological liar Boris Johnson. 
We rightly mock Trump’s position on Russia. But Theresa May’s refusal to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 referendum is not much better. My column  
This is not about Brexit This is not about Corbyn This is not about Independence This is about a licence payer funded government mouthpiece misinformation propaganda channel and we say ENOUGH!#ScotlandCalling 
Today we are rallying in Bristol to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Sign our petition now:  #PeoplesVoteSW 
Who was first to call for triggering A50? CORBYNWho blames foreign workers for lower UK wages? CORBYNWho thinks Brexit devaluation is good? CORBYNWho voted for a Brexit ref in 2011? CORBYNWho rejects #PeoplesVote? CORBYNWho rejected safeguards against #NoDealBrexit? CORBYN 
Er, Guy, it isn't "European money" as you well know.  A large part of it comes from the British taxpayer. (But hopefully not for much longer.)Distinctive #Brexit research & news:  
For anyone following @carolecadwalla or @J_amesp the electoral, financial and data crimes around #Trump #Brexit and Russian influence have been obvious for 18 months.And yet British media has ignored or minimised them. Why is that? They knew. The evidence is glaring. 
Much of Corbyn's support seems to be based on his opposition to austerity. Yet his support for Brexit will lead to more (greater and longer) austerity, imposed on the 'many not the few'. How does he square that particular circle? 
.@jeremycorbyn must stop living in a world of ‘alternative facts’ where #Brexit will be a bonanza for British business; he ought to wake up and heed the warnings from experts that Brexit is likely to weaken public finances, leaving jobs and public services under threat. 
Sarah Wollaston used to be clear about why she opposed a second referendum: "Britain has already delivered its verdict". She got it #RightTheFirstTime - just like the voters did. 
If Brexit is such a good idea, whey are leading Brexiters abandoning Britain?They think British voters are now too hooked on Brexit to notice their hypocrisy. WAKE UP! Brexit is a disaster capitalist's wet dream — a scam of the British people.  
Brilliant Brexit analysis by Juliet Samuel in the DT.  She says Brussels will offer a sort of deal, but only by pushing May into yet further concessions, leaving us tied to Brussels for ever. But when she tries to sell the deal back home, it will all go pear-shaped. 
. @DanielJHannan blames Labour & Remainers for #Brexit not going the way he wants. That's what Brexit has been about from the start, blaming someone else, anyone else, for your failures. Accept it Dan, you failed, you are to blame.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Hey @UKLabour, it isn't just yourselves you're letting down. You're letting us down as well; the people deserve much better than this. We deserve an opposition that opposes, especially one that opposes the insanity of #Brexit. Please support #FinalSay; most of your members do. 
What Brexit has done to the Conservative Party and our once moderate, sensible, pragmatic country: MPs sending apparent death threats to Times journalists (via @SamCoatesTimes).  
Thanks again to @SimonClarkeMP for pledging to #StandUp4Brexit Your support means so much to the vast majority of normal, hardworking British people whose voices are being ignored by our media and liberal elite#Chequers is not Brexit  
When Brexit implodes, as is almost certain, Britain will have to hold elections in May 2019 for the European Parliament.How precious that privilege will be to Remainers! The turnout should be huge.Anyone who doesn’t vote has no business moaning about "unelected bureaucrats"! 
Almost everyone in the country can see that a Second Referendum would be an elite stitch-up.  
Stroud council in rural Gloucestershire the latest local authority to support a people’s vote on Brexit deal at its meeting this week. Dozens of other councils debating resolutions in September @peoplesvote_uk 
A stern warning by Priti Patel to the PM: "We could throw away hard-won gains in pro-Leave constituencies across the North-East and Midlands if we continue to compromise on the referendum."No Deal is a good Plan B and now must be thoroughly prepared for! 
The #Remain campaign was lost by an arrogant PM who failed to understand his policies had peed off much of the country. The #Brexit negotiations are being lost by an arrogant PM who fails to understand how the EU works. What a bloody shambles#PeoplesVote 
The REFERENDUM was an advisory vote. Theresa May took this as an instruction, rather than an advisory result. The TORIES have mis used the vote in their own interests.  
The UK is largely self-sufficient when it comes to bread production, but in a no-deal Brexit scenario the industry may end up struggling to earn a crust  
But she knew it was overwhelmingly in our National Interest to be sitting at the table..& over 40 years the UK carved out a special place with the BEST POSSIBLE DEAL which if #Brexit goes ahead we lose to become supplicant to the US, China &/or the EU27..& anyone else.#FinalSay 
Salvini should make it EXPLICITLY clear that he trusts @MEF_GOV minister Tria, undersecretary Giorgetti and @massimogara more than his anti-euro advisors such as @borghi_claudio. Unless he wants the next elections to be a referendum on eurexit. Thanks for your attention! 
Things to worry about: a summary of the main no-deal #brexit problems that have emerged over the last few weeks has been compiled by @InFactsOrg. 
The extreme left wing, media and stop-Brexit campaigners have teamed up to bring Boris down by clutching at straws to smear him. The won't win because they are boosting his popularity with decent British people by accident.  
Every time Labour leads in the polls Alistair stays silent. The big guns come out weeks of headlines on antisemitism personal attacks again in the leader and lo and behold a drop-then Alistair obligingly tweets the same tweet. A good many of those voting Tory want a hard Brexit. 
Final Say: Parliament can legislate for fresh referendum within weeks, says Vince Cable - The Independent  
DUP MP expresses alarm at Northern Ireland's increasing dependence on the Republic for electricity, after the new all-island electricity market led to the likely closure of Kilroot power station & amid apocalyptic claims of blackouts under a no deal Brexit 
A no-deal Brexit could starve Britain by this time next year, National Farmers' Union warns  
I wonder what Simon makes of BREXIT? You know, how will BREXIT improve the material well being of Northern Ireland? How will BREXIT improve the economy of Northern Ireland?Smokescreens and Mirrors:  
In a democratic society, a vote of confidence in parliament carries within it the same ethical value as does a referendum in a university.  
Thread Of all the consequences of the Brexit vote, the lingering uncertainty faced by @The3Million (and what it says about our country) is the worst. 
Jacob, we HAVE TO get rid of May.  She is destroying the party, Brexit and our national identity.She's made us a laughing stock. 
Or Corbyn is betraying the majority of labour voters with his push for hard brexit? 
If #Brexit is such a good idea, whey are leading Brexiters abandoning Britain?They think British voters are now too hooked on Brexit to notice their hypocrisy. WAKE UP! Brexit is a disaster capitalist's wet dream — a scam of the British people. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #politics 
‘They think of voters as sheep’ - former Cabinet Minister makes SHOCKING Brexit claim  
CEOs on both sides of Brexit finally agree on something: it's a joke  
The people of this country deserve to be listened to. What right does this sham govt have to push through a Brexit that no one wants? People were sold Brexit on lies. The landscape has changed since 2016. It is time for a #PeoplesVote 
UK could run out of food a year from now with no-deal #Brexit, NFU warns : 
Furious Conservative grassroots (2) “This constituency voted 71.9 percent to leave the European Union. We can’t sell this to the people here.“A, because I don’t believe in it, and B, because it is not #Brexit, it clearly isn’t Brexit.” 
In what warped Brexit reality does this guy, with his snooty accent, inherited wealth, Eton/Oxford education, father ex-editor of the Times, with nanny, Lady wife and children with Latin names in a 5 storey £million mansion think that he is NOT part of the "Tory Establishment" ?  
At the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference on 8 Sep we will be “Remaking the case for #Europe” with @JMPSimor @acgrayling & many more. Plenty of other topics to be discussed as we create a vision of a new Britain without Brexit in a day of ideas.  
1/ Wanna know what the UK proposal is for handling customs after Brexit?   Alright then here ya go, it's very simple really... 
I often come accross tweets from #Brexit accounts bemoaning the fact that #Remain ers don’t “Get behind it”Out of interest, what do the Brexiters do to “Get behind it”and how’s that working out so far?  
How the EU could clear the way for a second referendum and help Britain to cancel Brexit  (via @bopinion) 
Figures prove Brexit is already working  
A Canadian and New Zealander urge their governments to do all they can to stop the Brexit disaster.But in Brexiter fantasy land,weren’t Canada and New Zealand meant to welcome Brexit? Britain’s friends have a duty to intervene on Brexit /via @globeandmail 
As Ambassador for Muscular Dystrophy Christine I wonder what @MDUK_News thinks about such an offensive and crass comparison? Unbelievable what Brexit has emboldened people to say now. Beyond politics at this point and it’s now just baiting the other side. 
Time that John Humphrys, who does so much to boost Johnson, Brexit & the Daily Mail on @BBCr4today, also got one of these 
Percent in favor of a referendum on Catalan independence:- Catalans: 75.6%- Spaniards: 57.4%Spain is a democracy.In a democracy, the government obeys the people. President @sanchezcastejon will soon announce that he is pursuing a legally binding referendum.Right? 
The last of our clips... thanks everyone who has taken the time to look at them! Now lets stop #Brexit  
Boris clearly didn't receive the e-mail decreeing that only jokes about Donnie Trump, Nigey Farage and Brexit are permitted in #BonkersBritain. 
Like the vast swathe of people in the UK I’m really worried the impact that brexit will have on the price of brie- I’ve got an idea David Lammy- switch to British wonderful cheeses particularly Lancashire - we even have one that will suit your leader’s popularity called crumbly! 
"Behind some of the claims that 'everyone’s a winner' in this united-Ireland however there lies a reliance on supposition and wishful thinking to build a case - Simon Hamilton. Same could be said of Brexit, yet the DUP are he'll bent on delivering it!!!!  
Hi @RossThomson_MPThank you for backing our #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject the #ChequersPlan.It would make us really REALLY happy if you sent us a video telling us why you are standing up for #Brexit.@bbradleymp @HenrySmithUK & others have/are. You know you want to  
Tory peer, who has been courageously & consistently voting against Brexit in the Lords  
The slumping pound is making everyone a currency trader as Brexit looms  
The #Brexit zealots are in charge, they are now the establishment of our country. They control government and through their billionaire tax dodging offshore media moguls they control the vast majority of the press. We #Remainers are the insurgents! 
Thank you to all the campaigners out there on a Saturday on the streets of the UK with streetstalls & EU flags & Brexitometers & engagement with passers by on Brexit.One day closer to a #PeoplesVote! 
All of this but especially 12 and 24. Leavers I can take, it’s apathetic Remainers and “friends” who still don’t think @The3Million or @BritishInEurope should have a vote in another referendum that really kill me  
What has happened to London's economy since the Brexit vote in 2016? We look at the impact in 5 charts.  
Sunderland MP calls for referendum on Brexit deal, joining group of North East Labour backbenchers breaking ranks  
One of Thatcher’s great strengths was knowing when to compromise. Some of us were in Parliament in the 1980s and saw this at first hand. If you prefer the myth rather than the reality? Think of it like Brexit  
A total of 82% of 18 to 24-year-olds with a voting preference say they would vote Remain in a second referendum.#PeoplesVote 
Why can’t they see that we feel the same about a Tory brexit or a Labour brexit. Both are equally unacceptable. 
Parliament can legislate for fresh referendum within weeks, says Cable  
Anyone who claims Brexit will be good for businesses should listen to what businesses themselves are saying. Not a single positive reply to this or to the last time she asked.  
Apart from the odd maverick in business (Wetherspoon, Dyson) there are virtually no businesses that think Brexit is a good idea.That argument seems to come from 'money men', media moguls, presenters and politicians - what exactly do they produce?#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
'This is NOT Brexit!' FURY among Conservative grassroots as May faces summer of discontent  
Brexit shaping up to be more Armageddon than Mad Max  
Hard-right money-hoarder @Jacob_Rees_Moggpretends to be polite but he ignores questions about him and his rich clients profiting from the hard Brexit he uses taxpayer's money to manipulate. You ask the grasping little miscreantPlease RT  
Europe should help the U.K. to cancel Brexit  via @bopinion 
Morning @andreajenkyns, only me again.My daily check in, asking you to provide just one tangible benefit from Brexit thus far.Still waiting? 
A passionately pro-European Briton quits his job to drive around the continent for months spelling out ‘stop Brexit’ on maps depicting his circuitous route #therogueconsultant  
This entire referendum business is just a money making racket of 'Sikhs For Justice' and its promoters. There are no takers for this campaign in Punjab, as people want peace and development: Punjab CM Capt Amarinder Singh on #Referendum2020 (file pic) (10.08.2018) 
It's bizarre how conservatives in BC see a slight increase in the size of electoral ridings via referendum as an existential threat, while conservatives in Ontario happily double the size of Toronto council ridings without so much as a single consultation session. #bcpoli #onpoli 
"From Brexit to EU elections, what people like Bannon thrive off is the 'culture war' narrative." — #AJOpinion, by @MayaGoodfellow 
Figures prove Brexit is already working  
Hardly a soul trusts May. People don't like her, don't believe her and don´t think the country is safe with her in Downing Street. She has decimated our military, betrayed brexit and screwed the future of our children & encourages discrimination against us. She really should go. 
Some clown just tweeted me that "most people voted Brexit for economic reasons" guessing they have no idea how the UK economy has tanked since the EU ref.   
Correction: "no deal" #Brexit under tried & tested WTO rules, without £39bn payment to EU really quite popular!  
Both Labour & Tories were beguiled by populism and became the engines driving Britain to destruction in the name of *the will of the people*. Now Labour wants Corbyn out because he's losing, not because he's wrong. We need a Gov't of National Unity, Stop Brexit & political reform  
Your workers’ rights also under threat from Brexit. You name it and Brexit will affect it: always for the worse, never for the better. #StopBrexitSaveBritain@jeremycorbyn @EmilyThornberry @DavidLammy @ChukaUmunna @Keir_Starmer @Labour4EU @UKLabour 
My 12 year old and his friend are trying to arrange a school walk out in the U.K. for students over the age of 11 who feel #Brexit will have a negative impact on their future - September 24th! 
Vince Cable accuses Brexiteers of 'misleading' millions of Brits over Brexit  
Loving this. Pro-European ConcreteCows @concretecows4EU deserve a follow imo. #Brexit is Udder chaos@ConcreteCows  Cows for a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit is a huge mistake. And it was sold on lies.Brexit is a huge mistake. And it was sold on lies.Brexit is a huge mistake. And it was sold on lies.Brexit is a huge mistake. And it was sold on lies.Brexit is a huge mistake. And it was sold on lies. 
Seems the famous Milton Keynes concrete cows think Brexit is a load of bullocks tooSadly they won’t get a vote in the #PeoplesVote because, well, they’re cows, not people. Oh, and they’re concrete 
This is why the @pbcsd referendum is so vital to our success! Enrollment Is Down at Teacher Colleges. So They're Trying to Change  via @educationweek 
Daniel Hannan has just discovered the Edinburgh Festival, first conceived as a means of reviving European culture after World War II, taking place in the proudly European and staunchly pro-EU Scottish capital. Brexit is its antithesis.  
Nice little article Daniel Hannan has noticed that Brexit isn’t going well. And he blames Remainers and the left  
Interesting & thoughtful article.A five-year moratorium on Brexit is needed to allow the UK and the EU to fully get to grips with the process  
Tell it to set up a devastatingly charming and amusingly laconic Twitter account and take the piss out of Brexit everyday  
This @LiamFox was negotiated by the EU. Your lies and those of your fellow Brextremists have grossly perverted #Brexit democracy. Make no mistake the day will come when justice is done and you and they will face long prison sentences for your attack on our democracy.#StopBrexit 
I used to work at Airbus in Filton and dealt with supply chains. Most of our suppliers are in the EU. The effects of Hard Brexit on the supply chain cannot be overstated. 
The election of Donald Trump and Brexit were the result of divisive "culture wars"? Join the debate at the #OpenFuture event in New York  
What a travesty of human rights #Brexit has brought. No EU rights for UK citizens, no certainty, no fairness. It is the greatest shame the UK has ever suffered@peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
Someone sent me this and I think they  have a point : - “i have a theory. They’re slowing it down so that post Brexit the they can say the queues and delays are only marginally or no worse than they were “in 2018” ( the current queues at Calais ) .. 
Putting jobs and the economy first @johnmcdonnellMP means speaking the truth to the people. The pound collapsed the day after the Referendum and any Brexit means less growth.Tory Austerity led to Brexit, any Brexit causes further Austerity. Tell it how it is John.#PeoplesVote 
I am with you Gavin - our democracy is worthless if it allows lies, cheating, illegality, and the stirring up of racial hatred - time to challenge the entire Brexit process  
You’ll be amazed to find many in European transport voted for brexit .. ask them why - it’s beyond me !!  
Let’s make sure no-one gets away with claiming there isn’t time for a #peoplesvote referendum, to get us out of the deep #Brexit hole we’re in.Where there’s a will there’s a way.  
Parliament can legislate for fresh referendum within weeks, says Cable  
Midnight and the queues are still as bad ... I am convinced the border farce are training for brexit - only 2 lanes open . How the hell will they cope post brexit  
Brexit - when will the suffering end?The thought of gourmet cheese shortages at Xmas is leaving many Brits in turmoil. "I don't know where my next wheel of brie de Meaux is coming from" David, an MP struggling on a tiny £77k salary, said. No one voted for this.  
Labour have a problem.It's called Corbyn.Corbyn wants #Brexit.Labour's supporters largely don't.Labour needs to listen to it's supporters.Or it will find itself without any.#Newsnight 
So while right wing fascists have been busy attacking bookshops, the government has been quietly banning authors from the Edinburgh book festival. All part of the great Brexit double-down on culture and freedom of expression.#FightFascism#StopBrexit 
Could @theresa_may and @10DowningStreet please explain why the British public are forced on pain of imprisonment to pay for this level of Bias Broadcasting? Isn't it about time the public is given a referendum on ending the TV Licence?  
Think about this, your house drops in value by 30%, you lose your job as trade tanks. You are in negative equity territory with no job. Only outcome, bankruptcy. Lives and families ruined. Thank you Brexit. 
2+ years. We gave you that solidarity. I gave it. But now we need your help. I need your help. As an EU citizen and as a female voice against Brexit. The realities are clear and it’s crunch-time. The ball is in your court, people of the UK. 25/25 
Yet while that is the case for us you want me to help with #PeoplesVote — which doesn’t even include EU citizens. Worse: it chose to exclude us, took our voice away, at the recent march. We are the people too! EU citizens have manned stalls and set up anti-Brexit events for 24/ 
connected to our rights are not perceived as being against Brexit. Well, frankly: if that is your view on what solidarity looks like then I am disgusted. 3.7 million people cannot just sit here and hope for Brexit not to happen. Many have families; children are caught up in 12/ 
An ardently pro-Europe British man drove 30,000 kilometers on a journey to write "STOP BREXIT" across the continent  
I seem to remember a set of GERS figures before the Independence referendum showed the extent of the problems Scotlands public finances had. The nationalist response at the time was you can't tell anything from one set of figures, for one year. Have there been enough years yet? 
Edinburgh Reviews:Man Flattening Cardboard in a BinA chilling performance piece exploring toxic masculinity Abandoned MattressA Brexit inspired installation - had me laughing and thinking in equal measures  
Czech Republic’s Government is recommending that UK citizens in CZ apply for a Certificate of Temporary Residence in advance of Brexit day in case of No Deal (and therefore no transition period).In a typically classy move, it is free of charge to obtain.cc: @BritishInEurope 
Brexit risks: food insecurity and a weak pound | Letters  
My biggest fear is that in time I'll forget Pochettino blamed Spurs' lack of transfer activity on Brexit. 
Trade gap grows. Where is the export boom which Brexit economists often forecast is ABOUT to happen as a result of post Brexit devaluation that pushes up prices ( not least of foreign holidays this summer) ?   
Bitter Remainers dealt ‘DOSE OF REALITY’ as figures ‘PROVE Brexit is ALREADY WORKING’  
Brexit Britain Bounces Back as Economic Growth Doubles, Salaries Rise   
Brexit Britain has jumped towards the top of the G7 growth league:  
The country rejects May's Brexit deal and a devastating no deal, with the vast majority of Labour voters backing a #PeoplesVoteIf we win one we can bring unity, energy and positivity to our Party, a Labour Government and Hope.Labour members can make sure we bring that here  
Angus, surely the argument now should not be down to independence but to the viability of the union!! Brexit has changed everything. We are just getting caught up in the old narratives when in actual fact, the union itself is now more damaging to Scotland. 
Vince Cable accuses Brexiteers of 'misleading' millions of Brits over Brexit 
Austerity isn't workingJust let the statistics sink in "3.9 million people in  persistent poverty" The media are obsessed with hard or soft Brexit or attacking @jeremycorbyn whilst we have humanitarian crisis on our streets. Join us in our fight against #FoodPoverty #EFC #LFC 
Residents in Three Lakes School District are speaking out about @ScottWalker using their school for his own political gains -- and just 9 months after taxpayers passed an emergency $15 million referendum to keep the schools open!  
GAVIN ESLER: Why I’ve changed my mind on Brexit utm_medium=Social_Icon&utm_campaign=in_article_social_iconsAN EXCELLENT PIECE - LONG BUT WELL WORTH A READ !! 
Just one referendum, with pre-written legislation so people know what they were voting for, which isn't funded by Russia, which isn't attacked by Russia, which doesn't allow one side to stir up race hatred & a ref where one side hasn't been found to have criminally cheated.  
(via @mikegalsworthy) John Redwood absolutely caught red-handed on TV over his support for “double referendum” - wait until the end.  @johnredwood @Anna_Soubry @sarahwollaston #FBPE 
Hi @SimonClarkeMPWe’re really pleased that you’re going to #StandUp4Brexit & reject the #ChequersPlanWe would really like an “I am standing up for #Brexit because” video from you to tell people why you are backing our campaign.@bbradleymp & @HenrySmithUK have  done one  
HSBC to move 7 offices with up to 1,000 jobs from London to  Paris. Jobs lost, taxes lost, jobs supported by the spending of those employees lost. The result of Tory cowards being intimidated by an alliance of greed and bigotry.  #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Have your say: should there be a People's Vote on Brexit?  
#ChequersPlan #brexit Rather well said.  
It looks like a growing number of Tory MPs are sick and fed up with Theresa May. She is sabotaging Brexit and, with her recent attacks on Boris, it looks like she's dedicated to destroying her own party. Wake up and oust her!  
Overwhelming support for clean Brexit (WTO rules).  
This is a total killer point! Hats off to @DeborahMeaden for drawing attention to the FACT that SMEs, and businesses in general, are the UK's lifeblood. Without them on board, we're dead in the water! Of course they hate #Brexit. Why? It's a business killer! 
53% would back staying in EU if referendum held now - poll  
Deborah Meaden, who has over a quarter of a million followers - many of them presumably business owners - asked The Question: Is there a business in the UK that is embracing Brexit?She didn't get one response. Not one.Case closed I think. 
More Brits want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal than those that don't and yet neither of the main political parties has properly admitted that yet. That means the political establishment is ignoring the new Will of the People. 
Dear older Brexit voters, We know that the overwhelming majority of the younger generation wish to remain.This means that a lot of you voted directly against the will of your younger relatives. I’d like to know why you thought it was ok to do this. Kind regards,Andy 
Not gonna lie, this is still one of our favourite videos of all time!The country needs and wants  more MPs like @andreajenkyns who are prepared to #StandUp4Brexit#Chequers is not Brexit 
Theresa May and the EU hope to dupe the voters with their next Brexit fudge  via @Telegraph 
A massive problem with brexit (though not the only problem of course) is there was no plan, there is still no plan and even if there was a plan the numbers will stink no matter how much you juggle them. #fbpe #peoplesvote #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
Parliament appears to be so eaten up with political hatred; Brexit and PC that the anger of the public who are against the burka is off their radar ... MPs of all parties (and Newsnight) appear to be suppressing the issue listening only to the loudest who seek a Burka Britain. 
As Brexit’s super rich Jim ships his loot to safety in Monaco ( a bit like bomb dodging in the war) it’s fascinating to watch him indicating that he’s got money but no class   
Gavin Esler: Why I’ve changed my mind on Brexit  
Support for a People's Vote on #Brexit surges as UK heads closer to a no-deal Brexit  
 via @uklabour"More than eight years of unnecessary ideologically-driven austerity has created an economy unable to cope with the instability brought about by the Tories’ mismanagement of the Brexit negotiations. The result is low growth and stagnant pay." 
Labour MPs call for party conference vote on second Brexit referendum #PeoplesVote 
Breaking News from Theresa May on Brexit:  
We are about 2 months from the October decision on #indyref2 - 8 weeks - time to ramp up arguments to be like a normal prosperous country as the reasons for the UK lessen daily with the mad #Brexit. As a what-for, imagine the state of Ireland if still in UK 
Boris Johnson's Brexit parable: It’s far easier to shout abuse against the EU than to guide your country out of it.  via @bopinion 
Hi @patel4witham,We were pleased to see you back our campaign to #StandUp4Brexit. We’ve had video support from @bbradleymp @HenrySmithUK & 2 more to come.We would really, REALLY love it if you would also record us a short video telling us why you are standing up for #Brexit  
As World War destroyed the UK aristocracy from having the answers . As the Iraq War destroyed the advantages of UK defence to UK War risks Brexit is now destroying the notion of UK better governance and the #BetterTogether trash for Scotland. 
.@thomasbrake: "This strengthens the case for the public being given the final say on the deal with power to choose to remain in the European Union. The gov are making a mess out of Brexit & the Labour leadership keep backing them - People demand better." 
Urgent need for Govt to inform employers71% of estate agents have no idea what will happen to their EU employees after Brexit  & 43% said they would be concerned about employing someone from an EU state after Brexit study by @lawblack finds. 
Yeah, let's wait another 45 years of having UK sovereignty given away without our consent.No thank you!David Cameron:"And remember: they can’t undo the decision we take.If we vote out, that’s it!It is irreversible.We will leave Europe – for good!"#Brexit Leave #EU 
Where's Jeremy Corbyn?Antisemitic policy, one online video. Brexit, not really interested. Food shortages, not a word. Medicins stockpiling, silence.Where is he hiding? If anybody finds him, please remind him what the job of an opposition leader is.  
This is true...The xenophobic nationalism is what is the GOP's driving force. Take a look at some of the news coming out of post Brexit UK & you can see how the bigotry that was in the fabric of the Brexit campaign has snowballed. It will here too.  
First they said Brexit would deliver WW3 and global economic melt down but, having rechecked their figures, the threat is downgraded to bananas and sandwiches.  
Brexit Explained  
It is telling. After the allegation that he offered to link Brexit folk with financiers at his dinner club, that picture tells one hell of a story. 
A positive vision for taxpayers post Brexit Cut VAT to 17.5 per cent, with a review after one year Cut Corporation Tax cut to 10 per cent  Scrap HS2  Expand both Heathrow & Gatwick  Relax planning laws so more houses can be built  
PROOF that BREXIT is MORE IMPORTANT than Good Friday Agreement or NI's journey building peace to Theresa May !!! Disgusting comments from UK Government and shame on the DUP for aiding and abetting this utterly pathetic feckless excuse of a govt #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
It’s one thing that Leave voters never took much interest in the EU; it’s quite another that they’re taking just as little interest in Brexit. 
BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for'  
Of course parents in Three Lakes are mad about being used by @ScottWalker for political gains! Don't forget, last year they had to pass a $15 million referendum just to keep doors open because of @ScottWalker’s cuts to education  
OK...now I am seriously worried. Not One!! Please let me end the week on hope and tell me there is an SME out there who sees Brexit as a benefit and not a major hurdle?  
The more likely a no-deal Brexit appears, the further the pound will fall  (via @bopinion) 
CEOs on both sides of Brexit finally agree on something: it's a joke  
I work in industry and have many clients across different sectors. I can honestly say that *none* sees anything positive about Brexit.Absolutely no positives. 
No..I agree but I think it is at the root of #Brexit. We do need a plan to tackle that and instead we waste huge resource and focus on Brexit...its pretty heartbreaking.  
John McDonnell is also a Eurosceptic because of EU's neoLiberal economics that might be a hinderence to his economic policy. I don't agree with @georgegalloway 's pro #Brexit stance, I believe in a renegotiated remain, but I still support #BringBackGalloway all the same  
Oh dear, I've been blocked by the Pompey Tories for asking why there is no #brexit plan for container lorry parking at Portsmouth port.Shows how much they care about their constituents @PennyMordaunt@SuellaBraverman 
Voters would back remaining in the EU by 53% to 47% if a referendum was held now, according to a major poll  
Our motion - 'Stop Tory Brexit and win a radical Labour government' - is now updated for conference and ready to go. All you have to do is propose it in your CLP before September 13th. Find out more in the How To guide on our website. Get involved! 
The Home Office is planning to set up "stop and search zones" across Northern Ireland's southern frontier in a move that critics claim would lead to the "hardest of hard borders" after Brexit  
Inspired by Brexit new Eurosceptic party focused on Ireland’s exit from the EU to be launched this September  via @theliberal_ie 
This is not a city ready for No-Deal Brexit.  
I admire & respect @DeborahMeaden so much 4speaking up, really on behalf others, because she’s financially secureSo many R self serving but more R speaking out now. #Brexit dominates my thinking BUT wonder how so many #Leave politicians just don’t care 
why oh why do people keep trying to blame Remainers for corbyn alienating us?  absolutely sick of it now!!if there is a snap election and corbyn sticks to backing Brexit and Remainers don't vote for him and so the tories win again; IT IS NOT. OUR. FUCKING. FAULT.  
Brexit Britain Bounces Back as Economic Growth Doubles, Salaries Rise   
Let's be honest.This govt is cancelling all police leave from next March onwardsbecause it knows the most rabid #Leave voters will riotwhen they see how badly #brexit turns out for THEM !These people will burn down MPs' homes, set fire to their cars and punish their LIES ! 
Corbyn hopes to avert call for public vote on Brexit at conference . Corbyn is frightened of a second vote, he knows that the vote would now be overwhelming for Remain. He’s putting his career before the well-being of the country. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Neither should you, it's brilliant that you are taking this stance. It's heart breaking knowing my business could fail due to brexit, something so out of my control, if it was my own mistakes I would accept & learn, but this is just soul destroying seeing the cliff edge approach. 
Thanks to @HenrySmithUK for this great video pledging his support for #StandUp4Brexit, and his reasons whyWe need more MPs like Henry, who are prepared to stand up against the #ChequersPlan in order to ensure that the #Brexit we were promised is delivered  
I want a real No Deal Brexit match tonight, so Hard Brexit that there will be a 15 mile queue at Dover by the time 90 minutes is on the clock. 
Labour MPs are pushing for a second referendum on Brexit even before it has happened. Is there anything democratic at all about the party today? It is led by Stalinists and anti-Semites ‘opposed’ by self-styled ‘moderates’ who want to overturn the vote of the people. Pathetic. 
‘⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ should put himself at the head of the clear nationwide sense that Brexit is robbing the country of good governance. He should state that in the light of an Everest of new evidence, facts, and the clear criminality’ it’s #PeoplesVote 
We are being attacked because neither the Johnson-Gove-Bannon axis nor the Corbynista clique know what to do about us. We are a groundswell of popular opposition to both parties' Brexit position, a cross party group which wants to expose Leave Lies and damage 
 Brexit naysayers are wrong! A competitive pound is better for the country. It will revitalise industry, increase investment & improve productivity.  My column for @HuffPostUKPol: 
Yes it's extraordinary. Many British people couldn't vote in the EU referendum, nor could EU citizens who had been here decades but fairly freshly arrived @LowTaxChloe could.... beggars belief really 
Campaign for second Brexit vote seeks support beyond capital  
Well done @DeborahMeaden | Deborah Meaden refuses to be ‘bullied into silence’ on Brexit  
6 anti-Boris stories on the BBC News website. This must be a new record. They will never forgive him for winning Brexit.  
Perhaps UK growth is driven by Remoaners stocking up for the Brexit Apocalypse?  
This chart is so badly skewed/misleading the Lib Dems would be proud of it!  Brexit Britain Beating Eurozone Growth  via @GuidoFawkes 
I’m gonna call it. ⁦@RemainiacsCast⁩ is currently the best podcast available. You’ll get no flim flam from ⁦@Dorianlynskey⁩, ⁦@IanDunt⁩, ⁦@sturdyAlex⁩, ⁦@BestForBritain⁩,  ⁦@rosamundmtaylor⁩ and chums! #Brexit  
Deborah Meaden refuses to be ‘bullied into silence’ on Brexit  
Star of Dragon's Den @DeborahMeaden refuses to be silenced on Brexit. Here's why she is speaking out.  
Superb from @gavinesler Covers it all... the lies, false ‘balance’, hypocrisy, shady think tanks, the sheer wrongness of it all.‘Leave’s delusional pain free Brexit is coming apart, not because people oppose it but because it is simply impossible’ 
Chloe you are an Australian. You're as welcome to live here as anyone and run the mysteriously funded taxpayer's alliance or work for Vote Leave. There is a massive irony however in you a non Brit who has been here just a few short years backing Brexit. It's kind of hilarious  
Chancellor suggests economy with #Brexit Chequers settlement would grow much as if stayed in the #EU. Ironically, this says it all. No clean #Brexit economic boost!  
We're converting old Little Chefs into Emergency Ration Distribution Centres after #Brexit. Make sure you know where your nearest one is and how you will get there (by foot) #NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival 
I know this is very frustrating to many, but yes, I completely agree with MHP @QuimTorraiPla. Agreed referendum IS the easiest and quickest way to the Republic of #Catalonia. However, if #Spain does not accept this soon, there are ways. Catalonia will win. 
#NIESR suggests GDP growth could be 0.5% in 2018Q3, after 0.4% in 2018Q2. Economy holding up well, despite #Brexit negotiations "difficulties".  
Over two years since the Brexit vote and we're still in the dark over what kind of deal we can expect with the EU.Britain deserves better. The people deserve the final say on Brexit with the chance to stay in the EU. Agree? Add your name  
Oh how much I wish Brexit would go away so I could go back to thinking about the nice things in life. I’ve been on 3 marches, planning a 4th in Oct. I don’t want to do this  I’m too old at 63, but until Brexit is fixed it’s my duty to help fix this mess. I  my country too much 
Femi pls keep going.Also challenge leavers with new Posted workers directive passed into law 29/7/18 that makes unlawful paying foreign workers less than local ones(even when subcontracting). The UK govt has no equivalent law,probly seeking to exploit immigrants post Brexit. 
.@patel4witham has accused the Government of treating the UK public like “sheep” and frightening them into accepting Theresa May’s ‘soft’ Brexit deal. 
Control of our borders begins at the border before entry and not after admittance and 3 months later, policing of such a moronic #CBI proposal has already proven politically sensitive and disastrous.#Brexit 
"We can harden #Brexit after we leave the European Union, says Deputy Chairman of the #Conservative Party"There we have it. They want us to accept the #ChequersPlan knowing it fails to meet what was promised. It is time to #StandUp4Brexit 
Last week: The Tories decided to keep their "no deal" Brexit plans secret from the public in case they "shit themselves".This week: Senior Tories howling about Muslims and whipping the extreme-right up into fits of death threat spewing rage. 
Reality Check: What could Brexit mean for the Premier League?  
Well..you are going to have to live day after day and year after year with the consequences of Brexit....that is why I am going to keep telling the stories of those people who are going to be negatively impacted...even those who don't know it yet.  
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Brexit is part of the reason why his side did not sign a single player before the start of the season  
Emma  (not on twitter) voted leave thinking it would lead to a boost in cash for public services like the NHS. But like so many leave voters she has realised #brexit will mean the opposite & is a #RemainerNowEmma also came to HOL in April (see reply) 
Economic and social challenges, the civil rights of women and gay citizens and, of course, Brexit and the prospect of a hard border, are further exposing the fact that a divided Ireland does not serve the needs of our people #UnityRef 
'Brexit will be all about the green shoots of recovery'  
SCOTLAND WAKE UP!!!Time for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DesolveTheUnion 
.@JamesCleverly: We can harden #Brexit after we leave the European UnionWhat do you think? Vote, retweet and reply with your view! 
Pathetic response. Banks have been ripping off their customers long before Brexit and will long afterwards  
Today we have made it to the @WokyPaper : Wokingham delivers its new Brexit verdict: give us a vote!  How does this sit with you @johnredwood ? This is the Will of your constituents. cc @peoplesvote_uk 
.@CasMudde used to study fringe politics. Now he studies mainstream politics. #Populism #FarRight #RadicalRight #Euroskepticism #Brexit #PostTruth #altright #extremism 
A bad day for #FBPE> Despite Brexit, UK growth keeps rising while the EU's growth starts to reverse.> Suggestion that Hungary may jump the EU ship and align with Russia.> A stream of investment in UK industry announced, including £1.5bn at Lotus cars. 
32 and a half million people are in work in Britain with 75 percent labour partition, highest vacancy rates we’ve ever had and yet despite all this evidence of our strength May still tries to avoid brexit and her cronies continue to talk Britain down. Is there no justice. 
Dear People of #NorthAntrimYou cld change the course of #Brexit! I know they've made it difficult, but please get yourselves along to 1 of the 3 centres where you can sign a petition to recall your expenses-fiddling DUP MP, then vote in an anti-#Brexit MP 
We have been saying this for 2 years now. Brexit will doom @UKLabour. #Corbyn doesn't stand a chance. #corbynOUT 
The ever arrogant Remoaner James O’Brien likes to claim he is a master at “schooling people” over Brexit, but his patronizing attitude and his cherry picked phone callers constantly give his game away, he cowers in fear at the prospect debating real Brexiteer experts. 18/20 
A devastating crash 10 years ago caused by over-reliance on the banks and obstinate underinvestment in infrastructure and skills continue to eat away at people’s living standards. And now #Brexit uncertainty continues to cause damage our economy. 
Major #Brexit poll finds 53 per cent would now back Remain  
'The fury over @BorisJohnson’s comments about the burka has been fuelled by centrist, anti-Brexit, anti-free speech Blairites who have infiltrated the Conservative Party," @JLongworthLML writes 
Michael Heseltine has already publicly stated he would rather have a Socialist Government instead of Brexit, as he will still be richer, even though he knows the damage to the very fabric of our society will become potentially irreversible but his own future will be secure. 9/20 
Why is the Establishment Media covering Boris (Brexiteer) Johnson 24/7 but completely ignoring the KKK and BNP endorsements of Corbyn? The answer is simple, they do not want Brexit to happen and will go to whatever lengths necessary they think will make that happen. 8/20 
"When the negotiations with the EU about Brexit are complete, would you support or oppose a public vote on the outcome?"Support 45% (Remainers = 67%)Oppose 34% (Leavers = 54%)YouGov Jul 31-Aug 7 
Jeremy is working hard as ever for the Tory Max Tariff WTO Hard Brexit... The UK is led by utter incompetents! #BetterTogetherBrexit 
BREAKING: Brexit morons outraged after finding out “Ending freedom of movement” actually means ending freedom of movement for them as well  
Pouring heat on #BorisJohnson has only made him even more popular with the Tory grassroots, and at a critical juncture. May will soon have finished with fudging Brexit, a leadership contest awaits. Boris is now poised to capture the crown. 
consider this: Final Say Fest, headlined by bands with anti-Brexit songs such as Enter Shikari & Sonic Boom Six which young people already love anyway, bands speaking out for a #PeoplesVote; a fun event for young people which also raises awareness & enthusiasm for the campaign  
Irish government tells Britain to phuq off after London begged Dublin to drop the emphasis on peace in Ireland after Brexit.  
This is precisely Why I absolutely detest Labour Corbyn hopes to avert call for public vote on Brexit at conference  
Behold the awful price of #Brexit. I warned you. Oh, how I warned you. But you laughed. Mocked. Me, a top EU politician. Called it "project fear." To quote the far-right Farage, "You're not laughing now, are you?"  
ICYMI @IanDunt @GuitarMoog @mrjamesob @NickCohen4 This was the top of today's G&M Op-Ed page. Your friends in the Dominions are concerned...  Britain’s friends have a duty to intervene on Brexit /via @globeandmail 
It looks like a growing number of Tory MPs are sick and fed up with Theresa May. She sabotaging Brexit and, with her recent attacks on Boris, it looks like she's dedicated to destroying her own party. Wake up and oust her!Support us at  
Let's make November's election a referendum on corruption in our governmentWe will never have this opportunity again, take it!America is OURS!Support POTUS #AmericaFirst agendaREJECT #FakeNews #WalkAway HUGE #RedWave for a CLEAN SWEEP! #DrainTheSwamp .@realDonaldTrump 
The Mayor should vigorously defend the Council-approved outcome of two years of study/consultation.His referendum is an end-run around it.  
National pride shrank over the last 30 years in #Australia #USA #India and #Brazil but rose in most other countries. Would like to see this data updated for the #Brexit and #Trump era. Source:  
The new @CBItweets report out today shows London must be able to access talent from across Europe after Brexit. The Government must act swiftly to avert a no-deal scenario and protect jobs and prosperity.  
70 "technical notices" that may or may not exist yet, detailing (using that word loosely) what to do if no-deal Brexit - Chris Grayling is in charge of the transport notices and Gove in charge of "animal-based products". Time to fill a sandbag and hide under the kitchen table. 
Amazing isn't it, hardly a word for weeks, during which time the evidence against the actions of Vote Leave and LeaveEU is mounting, then suddenly the extensions disaster and Faragiste apparatchik springs to the defence of serial shagger and pathological liar Johnson....hmmm 
There was always a fundamental contradiction between Corbyn's alleged “principled”, unbendable, politics and him conceding power to the members on policy. Brexit is the rock that is cracking it open.   
Huge new poll shows a 45% support for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.Here are some other interesting trends revealed by what’s one of the biggest surveys of public opinion since the referendum 
It’s hard to pretend not to know what’s actually going to happen when you can see the disaster which is brexit - and that’s evident by those who are on the coal face - we can see it coming . 
No deal Brexit might be unpopular, but that doesn't mean it can't happen, says @asabenn 
UK, YouGov poll:EU membership referendumRemain: 53% (+1)Leave: 47% (-1)No deal scenarioRemain: 56%Leave: 43%Field work: N/ASample size: 10,000+#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit part of the reason we did not sign anyone, Tottenham boss Pochettino says  
The UK has the slowest growth of all its competitors#HostileEnvironment #brexit  
EU leaders 'open to Brexit compromise', but Theresa May warned they may be setting a trap 
The arrogance of the CBI in calling for an end to migration targets spits in the face of Brexit voters with legitimate concerns about migration and wages.  
Despite evidence to the contrary BORIS JOHNSON isn't a comedian, he's an MP, but WE know he doesn't take that responsibility seriously. It probably tells you more about the Tory party that they're considering him as a potential leader; who can ever forget this disgraceful act.... 
The latest update to the Referendum roadmap. Thanks, everyone who has contributed and continues to work on this important piece to the EOS ecosystem.@daniel_keyes @EOS_Canada @greymass @GenerEOSAus @EOSTribe @EOS42io 
Brexit poll shows majority of Britons now want to stay in the EU  
Guardian readers stockpiling food for #Brexit.Reminds me.Need to stock up on garlic salted quails eggs in from #Waitrose 
2) Here's the Graph. Same age split but reversed. Old want out, young want in. Economically, why would people with assets (the old) want to do something that would cause them to devalue, as Brexit surely does? Is this empirical proof of the "Scots really are cannier" theorem?  
Young Remainers, please stop being passive. The political elite, the tax-hating rich, the nationalists, bigots, racists and haters are set on obliterating the Britain you want to live in. They are stamping on your heads. Get angry, and start fighting!#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Script of post-Brexit Idris Elba Bond Film.M: "Bond you have to go to Paris right now and diffuse a bomb."Bond: "I will immediately apply for French visa."'Bomb explodes'Credits. 
There's something about Brexit that slightly reminds me of this classic Monty Python sketch - for youngsters, it features an Accountant who wants to become a lion-tamer, but then decides maybe that's a bit scary, so perhaps audit, or indeed no-change 
WATCH: Emma voted to leave the EU in 2016 but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because she thought the NHS would get extra funding and didn't know what she was voting for:  
London needs to access talent from across Europe & the world. As a global city that attracts the world’s best to work alongside our homegrown talent, the Government’s misguided immigration policies risk making that harder to maintain with a hard Brexit making it even harder.  
Space company Orbex rejects Brexit fears and is planning to launch its first rocket from a new spaceport despite uncertainty. Fantastic news! 
Football on a Friday night, the world's gone mad! Oh well, a game is a game. Hoping for some solid defending, a clean sheet and a nice headed goal from Hard Brexit Harry Maguire. First blue passport performance of the season. Up the city! Cheers bob 
If as Leavers so often say, they love Europe but hate the EU. What is their problem with the citizens of Europe coming to Britain? #Brexit 
HSBC to shed 1000 UK jobs and move them to Paris amid Brexit uncertainty. Thanks, @michaelgove. The people losing their jobs are very grateful to you.#newsnight #skypapers #HSBC #joblosses 
Have your say: should there be a People's Vote on Brexit?  
@gavinesler“The shambles of the government’s response,the predicted chaos of a hard Brexit or no deal,&the background of lies and cheating have made me think again.Above all,the facts about how we are receiving information about Brexit have also changed.“ 
Mauricio Pochettino says costs of Brexit helped lead to no signings  
I know Liam Fox wants support from the Empire (as he sees the world)  but not sure this was it. A Canadian & a Kiwi urge their countries to help reverse Brexit to save the UK from itself   
We were delighted to welcome a new volunteer - Carla from Leipzig. Carla is 15 and editor of her school newspaper. When she goes back to Germany she is going to write an article about BREXIT and Pro-EU groups with an emphasis on Bristol for Europe.  
There is a big decline in support for a 'no deal Brexit' which now stands at 27% (down from 38% in the poll from the earlier in the month) /2 
honestly this is probably correct. we need to #StopBrexit before May is forced out; she's weak and our best hope for ending Brexit is while she's in power! 
Long Brexit survey from YouGov with some interesting findings. Full results well worth looking at. It confirms the now standard pattern of a consistent Remain lead but with a still stubbornly high Leave vote (53 vs 47%). However... /1 
If you're sick and tired from arguing about Brexit, just look at how Alison Moyet handles it  
Britain urged Ireland to reduce emphasis on peace in Northern Ireland in Brexit talks.(Hits head against desk repeatedly.) 
UK government asked Ireland to ease off its emphasis on peace in NI as one of the main issues at stake in the Brexit talks. However, Dublin did not accede to the call because of a view that the peace process should remain central to Brexit negotiations.  
I was in the hall for this speech. It was spine-chillingly good. You could feel the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end.#brexit #FlashbackFriday 
#PeoplesVote They should all drive there very slowly along various motorways & highways. The farmers should drive their tractors along M4 & down M1 & M5 too.Remember the petrol & haulage demos from 2000+ Chaos! #BrexitGridlockUK part of the preparations for post #Brexit  
#BBCswitchoff Support new media instead Here's a good one ..@broadcastscot#ScotlandCalling#brexit #peoplesVote #NHS 
There was a crap project called BrexitAnd oh how we long for its exit!it's a ludicrous boreIt makes us all poorAnd doesn't boost Britain but wrecks it.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
So what was the cause in 2013 when colleges tried to ban the burka, you can't blame brexit for everything you are offended about. 
This is worrisome. Our local governments are already strained and forced to referendum. They will fit the bill for “minimum standards” for our bridges. We aren’t being fiscally responsible. #VoteBlue #ES4WI #wipolitics 
Mauricio Pochettino says costs of Brexit helped lead to no signings  
Popped into visit my now neighbours at Flowline Specialists today. A company currently operating in EU looking for answers from the UK government on Brexit. Exactly the kind of international SME company we should be enabling to expand into Europe where their expertise is needed.  
“In light of this lack of any public consultation, I urge you to consider putting the process on hold to allow for a referendum so we can let the people speak," Tory wrote in a letter to Ford on the city council cuts. 
1) Walking away with “no deal” is nothing to fear. In fact, it’s great!2) If we get “no deal” Brexit, it’s all Barnier’s fault, ya hear?! It’s cruel punishment!At least pick one story and get it straight, you charlatans. 
UK growth it beating Eurozone growth, perhaps remainers could explain how that is possible ‘despite Brexit.’..  
The outrageous claim that the EU is punishing the British is yet another of the pernicious lies given out by the Brexiters. All of the dire consequences that we are going to suffer from the idiocy of Brexit are a direct result of decisions taken by Westminster. 
Great piece by @gavinesler on the need for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit, the need for the media to distinguish between facts and lies rather than provide spurious 'balance' and for media outlets to stop unquestioningly offering platforms to shady lobby groups.  
If ever a tweet revealed outstanding ignorance about how the UK's ability to trade will be damaged by Brexit (and especially the 'No Deal' variety) this is it.  
I warmly congratulate @GarethBennettAM He is a good friend of mine and I can work happily with him.  For many UKIP members, the election was a referendum on the Assembly's very existence.  Clearly, we must all learn from this.  
We all know the Boris Burka dispute is a proxy Brexit Leave v Remain debate. The fact that Remain MPs are willing to sacrifice Muslim woman who are forced to wear the burka, moderate Muslims, free speech, and social cohesion for political gain is disgraceful. 
Guess what. The latest extreme-right thug jailed after threatening to kill Jeremy Corbyn is a big fan of Jacob Rees-Mogg, Tommy Robinson, Donald Trump and Brexit.Wonder why the mainstream media "forgot" to tell us that? 
Philip Hammond says the UK is now ready for a no deal Brexit & contingency plans are in place. If we are ready for no deal there is no point of having May’s stupid Chequers plan. Go for a no deal & walk away  
To young people who are too disillusioned to take part in politics, I'd say, you might want to ignore politics, but politics won't ignore you. If you don't take part then those whose ideas and values you detest will mould the society that surrounds you.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
If it wasn't bad enough that Brexit will take nearly 3 years from the Brexit vote, we have May's transition deal that will see us effectively continue to 2021 as EU members. The establishment are stitching us up.  May's Chequers plan is not acceptable. #WTOBrexit 
Brexit Fact: did you know that an estimated 30,000 people travel into the RoI each day. A no deal Brexit will place restrictions on the movement of goods, services and people. We are better together and if @mikenesbittni is listening, we want you Michael. #Think32 
Theresa May is a spineless non-entity who appeals to nobody and alienates her own voters. With Boris as a pro-Brexit leader, the Tories could win big again - 421 seats if they replicated the result of the referendum!Support us at  
Last night, I sent a letter to Premier @FordNation on behalf of Toronto City Council in opposition to the provincial government’s legislation to reduce the number of wards from 47 to 25. I am asking the Premier to hit the pause button on cutting council and to call a referendum.  
‘@Arron_banks: Tories should embrace Brexit & @BorisJohnson. “If the Tories embrace Brexit with Johnson as Leader, they unite the right and let Lib Dems & Labour split the left. Win big…” 
"It’s relaxed and inclusive and I wanted to get away from all that Brexit nonsense and live in an inclusive welcoming place so here I am." 
There is a cogent economic case to remain, and a fantasy vision for Brexit.  There is no in-between.  It’s time to tell the truth. It’s not about balance it’s about survival, particularly for those lied into voting for Brexit who will suffer most. 
It seems that Brexit breaks everything it touches, political parties, geographical cohesion, respect for the rules, the BBC, the NHS, the pound, good neighbourliness, job security, food supply chains, quality of life etc, etc, etc 
Significant poll. As the Art 50 talks have descended into chaos in recent months, & the stark choices of Brexit have become clear, it's no surprise we've seen this shift.The cake-&-eat-it Brexit that was promised can't be delivered. People deserve to have their say on the deal  
don't blame it on the chair....manDon't blame it on the high feesDon't blame it on the new groundBlame it on the brexit  
Anybody who thinks that the referendum will be won without at least some centre-right voters is completely and utterly deluded. They can keep their ideological purity, I want my country independent. End of 
CEOs on both sides of Brexit finally agree on something: it's a joke  
Last quarter GDP GrowthUK 0.4% ...brexit causing drag on economy etc etc, other EU economies flying...let's check..Eurozone 0.3%Germany 0.3%France 0.2%Italy 0.2%Of the 4 biggest economies in Europe, the UK is growing at the fastest rate.. 
#Brexit now number 1 worry for UK Construction shown by this column in @BuildingNews Magazine & #RichardSteer.  Industry reps 7% of GDP & is 1 of  UK’s largest employers. Time Govt sat up and took notice. We need to get out of this mess #PeoplesVote #FBPE  
Brexit is so British. Up & down the land there's folks tightening their belts, applying for allotments, gritting their teeth, carrying on regardless, hoping for the best. It's like in our imperialist nostalgia for "the blitz spirit" we've actually bombed ourselves. 
Thank you Peter for being a true supporter of our rights. We wish you all the best in your new posting - we are slightly jealous that you are escaping the clutches of Brexit   
Kenny MacAskill has never been on an Independence March or a BBC protestHe doesn't understand the need to get together His way lost us the last referendum 
Visiting England again and talking to normal people, I am still astonished to find that most haven't the slightest inkling of what Brexit is about and don't think it affects them at all. 
Bristol must Break Brexit !! Or Brexit will Break Bristol! Our street protest with some people in OFOC Bristol  
BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for' #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo 
Just, wow. So for British living in Europe with foreign spouses, this is what they have to look forward to IF they want to return and IF they can find a job earning enough to allow them to bring their partner/dependents 'back home' after Brexit.  
.@GiselaStuart, “Don’t let other people write your history for you. I urge everyone to get involved”Hear what our supporters have to say about the Museum of Brexit. 
Dear P.M. 'Sharia' May,I appreciate that you are busy picking a fight with Donald Trump, President Putin, The Police and the Armed Forces but....I was just wondering....Any news on BREXIT yet??...Anything at all???#pathetic 
Brexit uncertainty 'puts EU nationals at risk of losing their homes'  
Confidence in Theresa May to get the right deal in the Brexit negotiations has fallen to a *new* record low: 22%.via @ORB_Int, 03 - 05 Aug 
When your school needs a referendum your car needs new tires & shocks, be sure to thank Pothole Scott Walker. His crap budgets were a total sham.  
HSBC set to move seven offices to Paris, in preparation for Brexit  
INDIGENOUS PEOPLE OF BIAFRA (IPOB)  NKPOGU ZONE2 IGWEOCHA ZONAL MOCK REFERENDUM WAS A SUCCESSIt's no Longer News that the Indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB) will Strategically Use Civil Disobedience to peruse the...  
#Brexit is all about the removal of Rights & a disgrace that nearly 70 million EU (incl all 65 m UK) citizens will have rights removed without consent & in many cases without having been given a vote!#PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #Remain option#FinalSayForAll #FBPE #ABTV 
The Tories are making a mess out of Brexit. It's taking longer and costing more than we were told. The Lib Dems are fighting to give the people the final say on Brexit and the chance to stay in the EU.Add your name if you want the final say:  
Dear @turnbullmalcolm Since, the last time we were asked, we said pretty clearly, we don't want a carbon tax, may we have a referendum on the #NEG ?Yours sincerelyA. Citizen 
Some days with #Brexit I’m sad, but for today I’m just bloody angry. SICK of troll accounts and lemmings bandying the Union Flag  and #crosstikas  and  and then telling me they’re patriots. No. Brexit isn’t patriotic. It’s selfish and stubborn. And based on lies. 
The Time has come, The Time is here, the @Conservatives need a change from the defeatist pathetic politics of @theresa_may! #Conservative members must Vote @BorisJohnson for #PM for #Brexit and #Britain! #MayMustGo #BorisJohnson #Boris4PM 
In a show of true patriotism, Britain’s richest man is leaving the country in favour of Monaco. The reasons behind the Brexit backers relocation are not known. #RenewParty  
People being pass-remarkable about the woman with six kids fail to understand that the 8th amendment referendum was about the choice to have as many kids as you like as well as access to abortion. It's her life, her body, her choice. 
Andrea Leadsom kicks off her comedy tour of Scotland in Aberdeen.Best joke of the show?“Aberdeen and the north-east will benefit from Brexit”#ToryClowns#IndyRef2 #DissolveTheUnion 
Out with English friends today and they're selling up and moving back to the UK because of #Brexit.  1) Zero certainty over UK honouring S1 in no deal scenario.  2) Zero certainty of pensions being index linked in no deal scenario. 3) Pound's crash and politicians talking it down 
I’m afraid after 40yr I can’t bear the lamentable lack of #Brexit critical analysis and questioning from the like of @JohnHumphrysr4 on @BBCr4today so its #BBCswitchoff for me. 
UK voters should make final #Brexit decision if talks with EU collapse – poll  
Erdogan’s “rage against the markets” reminds of Brexit. They’re both based on the same nationalist misconception that a second-tier country can impose its own vision of itself on a globalised world through its grit, or national will, or innate brilliance, or whatever. + 
UK: Voting behaviour for different age groups (YouGov poll, 8-9th Aug). #Brexit  
Actually we need a new party whose focus IS Brexit (getting out of doing it) 
If there’s a new party its focus won’t be Brexit 
Join the thousands of members in our organisation supporting us so that we can continue to fight for #PeoplesVote and make sure that the people get a say on the final Brexit deal:  
Time to have a laugh .Bored Donald Trump bashing, & Brexit bashing everyday. Days of Boris Johnson & the burka on TV & Radio nonstop boring. Political Correctness all the time. Everyone loves a laugh & a joke OWEN JONES   best at comedy in the world .  
Attacks on political correctness are part of a perverse liberation ideology which says that bigots and racists should be liberated to spew out abuse & hate against minorities, and (what it doesn't say) ultimately subject those minorities to perscution.#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Chancellor Philip Hammond has told Sky News he is confident the UK will get a Brexit deal but has contingency plans in place in case of a no-deal Brexit 
Brexit convo is everywhere!At my regular eye check today in Cambridge. Dr asks, "What's your PhD in?" Immigration, I say. "Oh yes, Brexit! We have glasses here from Germany, Netherlands, France, Italy. Customers asked whether they will get more expensive. No one knows really." 
This should be the final scene in the #Brexit film.[Scene: Warehouse, CalaisTight-on: Blue passports in an open boxAerial Pull Back: Reveal warehouse full of boxesFade to: BlackScore: Rule Britannia; slow, off key.] 
Dr. Lauren Gavaghan @DancingTheMind: "Brexit was sold to the public on the premise that it would mean a better future for our NHS, not a worse one, yet the evidence is already demonstrating the latter."  
Serious question: What relevance does an advisory referendum have if the side that narrowly got the most votes only did so by lying, stirring up race hate & by having more access to voters by criminally overspending?  
The loudest cheerleaders for Brexit getting rude awakening. And this entry fee will prove a far milder cost than all that lie ahead.  
“We will not have truly left the European Union if we are not in control of our own laws” @theresa_may - Lancaster HouseAsk your MP to #StandUp4Brexit and support Mrs May’s original promises #Chequers is not #Brexit. Let’s get Brexit back on track!  
This is the same UK that wants to claims to want to build better economic relations with its Commonwealth countries post-Brexit.   
House of Fraser have 59 stores across the country including Grimsby, Hull, Swindon and Doncaster - all are likely to face closure. Nobody voted for a job-destroying Brexit. That's why we must have a #peoplesvote before more are lost. Help us spread the word. 
Why the no-deal Brexit scaremongering is wildly overblown  
When 17.4m voted for Brexit, they voted for jobsworths and box tickers to revel in the power of their needless stupidity 
Not 3 months after the referendum and where is all the Care and Compassion for a young woman who is raising 6 kids on her own, who needs a hand. 
3 core reasons why the #ChequersPlan is unacceptable: Freedom of Movement continues under a different name We'll accept EU rules which will impact Trade Agreements We'll continue to pay Money to the EUPlease RT & help #StandUp4Brexit#Brexit@StandUp4Brexit 
Why isn't anyone investigating politician's personal gains from Brexit? @BBCPanorama 
Sorry, Rowan, he is not funny. He is not loveable. He *is* racist. He is a liar. He is a narcissist. So let's not even name him. Let's bin him along with his Brexit. 
#Brexit  > media fueled xenophobia not much else IMO .Never heard an interview via BBC re Brexit that didnt resort to "them immigrants" and very little re the economic consequences . We've always had control of our borders  
I don’t know a single person in Toronto who is calling for a referendum on the council seat # issue aside from @JohnTory. The vast majority want @fordnation to simply take his hands off of council. I want a stronger statement from the mayor, not solutions no one asked for #topoli 
Still a legit question why @JohnTory immediately went to referendum pitch - and later convinced council to - rather than just demand @fordnation back off & let council proceed w 47-seat option that was subject to public consultation & council approved 
Back in UK & surprised about the Taiwan pork agreement row. To be clear, this is a UK bilateral deal (not EU) & doesn’t expire on Brexit date. How do I know? I did much of the negotiation, in Taipei Sep2016 & London Dec2017. Much help from @tradegovuk @UKinTaiwan & @DefraGovUK. 
No Deal Brexit: "No way in, No way out" 
Time is running out to prevent this disaster, and when it comes to Brexit there is no ‘returns policy’. The best way to avoid a crisis is to give the people the final say on the deal, and an opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit. 
The irony of French-made blue passports that cannot be imported to the UK because a no deal Brexit means that no trade agreement will be in place to allow the blue passports to enter the UK. 
Hi @KateHoeyMP, how’s progress going towards that more generous, egalitarian post-Brexit visa system you promised in your referendum literature?  
Yes, they should have had a vote too, but my point is that every British person is also an EU citizen & one aspect of the referendum was that it was a vote on whether to renounce EU citizenship. It was disgraceful and undemocratic to deny 3 million Brits a say in that decision. 
As a white Canadian on the same visa, I can confirm a lot of this - not wanting to deal with UK immigration was a large part of why I left the country in 2012. It will bankrupt your wallet and your soul. Good luck with #Brexit  
Our current home. Our Norfolk flag a reminder of home. Sharing living space with Dutch, Belgian, French, German, and British campers makes me all the sadder & angrier about Brexit silliness. Europe is a fine place. It is also a great common sense bloc against superpower ambitions  
#Brexit supporter Jim Ratcliffe chooses Germany to develop his Land Rover Defender successor.Ships, Sinking, Rats - Rearrange as appropriate. 
EU nationals are at risk of losing their homes unless the government confirms their status post-Brexit, a landlords group has warned  
Striking that whatever you think about Brexit, Remainers are much better informed than 2 years ago while Brexiters seem to have gone out of their way not to learn anything at all. Let alone something they can all agree on.#StopBrexit 
Forget the Norwegian, Swiss, Ukrainian, and Canadian options. If we want to #takebackcontrol and restore British sovereignty, as a rule-maker not a rule-taker, we need the Uncontacted Amazonian Tribe option. #Brexit 
In conclusion: Brexit must stopped, cancelled, reversed, abandoned, derided, scorned, and mercilessly, piteously mocked for all time. If you voted Leave you are an idiot and should be ashamed. 
This week's copy of @TheNewEuropean came in the post this morning, and our 'Dig For Brexit' poster is already in the front window. Get digging everyone! #DigForBrexit #brexitshambles 
Dublin did not accede to the call because of a view that the peace process should remain central to the Brexit negotiations  
WATCH | "They say we have no choice but to bow down to Brussels. We say they are woefully underestimating this country!"Boris's magnificent closing speech days before the referendum. No wonder they're out to get him! #FlashbackFridaySupport us at  
"We had bottles through the windows... and bullets in the post." An exclusive interview with Lord Herman Ouseley on battling discrimination from the 1950s to today's Brexit-Trump era as @kickitout prepares to mark its 25th anniversary. 
Given Theresa May's unsure handling of the Brexit process (an understatement) and ability only to transmit uncertainty, I do find the relatively bouyant performance of our economy quite surprising. Imagine what we could achieve given strong and confident leadership.  
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Brexit and the club's new stadium for their lack of signings this summer. (Sky Sports) 
Staggering that net trade has dragged on GDP growth since sterling depreciated. At the same stage after all other 10%+ depreciations since 1945, net trade had boosted growth. Brexit may not have happened yet, but the risks it poses already are draining the life out of the economy  
HSBC is set to move seven offices to Paris, in preparation for Brexit. Financial services account for 11.8% of UK tax receipts and employ over 1.1 million people across the country, but the government's Brexit plan neglects them entirely. Please share 
Don't miss out on our rally in Edinburgh on Saturday 18 August where we will be joined by a range of speakers to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal. Get your tickets now:  
A no deal Brexit means that from 29th March 2019, Britain will have no trade deals with anyone. And without a trade deal, you cannot trade with anyone.So if Britain has no trade deals with anyone from 29th March 2019, how is the UK supposed to import and export anything? 
My admiration/respect for Mr. Corbyn knows no bounds, i joined this great party @UKLabour because of him, social justice/human rights/fairness all chime with me, but his stance on #Brexit must change, the public tide is turning,if he supports #PeoplesVote he will be our next PM. 
Well, I'm going to stop being sardonic about the Conservative Party making a balls up of Brexit because they might get upset  
Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Brexit for Spurs not making a signing this summer!   
It's reasonable to ask those confidently asserting German car manufacturers will inevitably prevail on the EU to cave in to all UK demands how successful they feel UK industries have been in shaping the UK's own approach to Brexit. 
This cannot be repeated enough - we have controls that we have chosen not to utilise - this has been successive Gov policy and practice. Don't blame the EU for a perceived problem, when UK Gov created it, more misunderstanding that lead to Brexit #exitfrombrexit #FinalSay 
NHS doctor Lauren Gavaghan @DancingTheMind sees firsthand the damage #Brexit is already causing to our health service. Further staffing issues and disruption to medicine supplies would be “catastrophic.” Let’s have a #PeoplesVote! 
Brexit Britain Beating Eurozone Growth  
Journalist @gavinesler on why he's changed his mind on Brexit  
Another massive poll which shows that there is growing momentum for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal! #FFS 
‘Brexit part of the reason we did not sign anyone’, Tottenham boss Pochettino says.“With Brexit it is worse because the cost is 30% more [due to Brexit’s devaluation of the pound].”This taking back control is great, isn’t it?  
EU suggest UK remains in Single Market but opt out of Free Movement.JRM: 'Remaining in Single Market leaves UK as a vassal state.A rule taker subject to ECJ & liable for payments into #EUIt would from Govt's point of view be a pitiable failure.'#Brexit 
Over 600,000 people have now signed the @Independent's #FinalSay Petition supporting a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. Add your name here!  
The Irish Times is reporting that “the British government asked Ireland to ease off on its emphasis on peace in Northern Ireland as one of the main issues” in Brexit talks  
"It’s relaxed and inclusive and I wanted to get away from all that Brexit nonsense and live in an inclusive welcoming place so here I am." 
I do not trust @BBCnews on anything relating toPovertyDisabled peopleCorbynScotlandWASPIBrexitYemenIsraelSkripalsBy way of examples#BBCswitchoff 
A must listen: How Boris’ carefully planned racist attack has escalated the Tory Brexit civil war into a wider culture war with the party split on Brexit linesMy take: A Tory party split is inevitable. It’s been on the cards since 1992. Brexit didn’t fix it, it’s made it solid  
After 10 years in the Department for European Affairs and 2 years of Brexit negotiations it is time to say goodbye. From next week on you can find me @alemEmbajador @EmbAlemaniaCOL All the best for you! 
I’m a Labour supporter and Remainer, like the huge majority of Labour voters.⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ , I will never vote Labour while you support brexit. And I am not alone.  
It’s mad, you’d think we didn’t fight a referendum a few months ago, where the Anti Choice brigade were vehemently screaming about children’s rights and welfare.  
It’s a weird world where the Tory leadership are doing the opposite of what a majority of their voters want and Labour the same. If the Tories embrace Brexit with Johnson as leader , they unite the right and let Lib Dem’s & Labour split the left. Win big ...  
People are demanding the final say on Brexit. This is too important to leave to Theresa May - she's made a mess out of Brexit so far. Add your name if you want the final say on Brexit and the chance to stay in the EU:  
Full details of Russia’s gold deal offer to Arron Banks ahead of the EU referendum are revealed in a leaked document which mentions exclusive “opportunities not available to others” and support from a Kremlin bank  
‘They think of voters as sheep’ - former Cabinet Minister makes SHOCKING Brexit claim  
No.  They are making stuff up so they can blame the EU when Brexit devastates the UK economy and costs millions of UK jobs. 
‘@ABridgen: Burka furore is fake outrage from those trying to punish Boris for Brexit.”In using this issue as a stick to beat Boris, Theresa May and some of the members of her government have shown themselves to be once again totally out of step.” 
By 11 points, the public support a People's Vote on the Brexit Deal. When faced with a No Deal Brexit, this lead rises to 25 points.  
"This country can do better than this": Lord Digby Jones nails where Theresa May has gone wrong during Brexit negotiations.  
'Stop Brexit so Man City's overseas, oil-rich, billionaire owners can save a few thousand on transfer fees', says Remain campaign in possibly the worst political advert of all time. You do our work for us, @peoplesvote_uk!  Support us at  
Project Fear planning meeting:"We said no sandwiches and that they'd run out of food in a year and we're still leaving the EU. What next?""Tell them kids will starve to death and Bob Geldof will sing until we stay in the EU!"#Brexit #projectfear 
In case you missed it: UK Food Research Collaboration voicing concerns about "significant risks to food flows into and out of the UK" from Brexit, including a rise in food fraud. Read the report: _ #FRCFoodBrexit #foodfraud 
Can you see France? On the #OldWay #pilgrimage, #Europe is closer than you might imagine...#brexit #channel #neighbours 
Huge win in Newquay for @Conservatives Talking about a second referendum all the time is working out really well for the LibDems here in Cornwall   
The average family spent £900 more than they earned last year according to new figures released by the ONS, with the falling pound considered a major factor.Families are now living beyond their means. They simply can't afford a hard Brexit. Please share 
I have also made a Venn diagram of people who still think brexit is a good idea, regardless of how they voted....  
53% would back staying in EU if referendum held now, poll finds  
NEWS! I’m only moving to Monaco to get a better view of our proud nation doing so well, says Brexit billionaire  
This is exactly what we can already do in the EU, but the government decided not to.Again, the issues aren't coming from the EU, they're coming from our own government's incompetence.Ditch Brexit and govern effectively. Problem solved. 
MUST-READ: in one of the biggest surveys of public opinion on Brexit since 2016, it is revealed that a #PeoplesVote on Brexit is the most popular route to resolving the ongoing crisis. Please RT:  
 Mauricio Pochettino on Spurs not signing anyone..."Building a stadium that is nearly £1bn. That is true, don't believe in £400m, that is the truth. Then with Brexit it's worse because the cost is 30 per cent more."He's lost it!#THFC 
READ: New poll shows more people support a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
Step up to the mark Boris! Let's get this show on the road!  Brexit by March 2019! No transition rubbish...just get on with it now...we have had enough of the Remain BS!  Now or never!   @BorisJohnson 
Another one! If #Brexit is so great, why are so many leading  Brexiters rushing to move their assets & operations abroad?  
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT!   
I saw @NicolaSturgeon answer a wide range of questions at Turriff including BREXIT and @BBCScotlandNews spurious questions on @NHSTayside pay off of their CEO 
For all those calling for a second vote on Brexit who would deny Scots another vote on independence- get into the sea, your hypocrisy knows no bounds. 
Wait! I have an alternative idea. What if we- adopt the IHRA definition and remove all anti-Semites from the party;- actively campaign for the #PeoplesVote on #Brexit;- explicitly aim for and work to achieve a return to Labour as the broad left coalition it needs to be to win? 
Kick out EU migrants after Brexit if they fail to find work, says CBI  
The UK's richest man and Brexit supporter is moving to Monaco and everyone is making the same point  
Why the Port of Dover is a massive success - and will continue to be after we leave the EU. And why voters were right to reject Project Fear in the referendum - and to reject it now  
EU citizens living in the UK run the risk of losing their rental homes without swift confirmation of their status post-Brexit. @RLA_News calling for Govt action now to avoid a repeat of the recent scandal over the #WindrushGeneration 
"Building a stadium that is nearly £1 billion. That is true, don't believe in £400m, that is the truth. Then with Brexit it's worse because the cost is 30 per cent more. That is a drama, I feel sorry for the English people.", Cheers Poch.  
“Opinion still very polarised, big differences between young & older voters but interesting to see how many Leavers have concerns about possible impact of Brexit on their region.' Read what people in SW inc Somerset which voted Leave think of #Brexit now  
Brexit is damaging the NHS: Danny Mortimer, the chief executive of NHS Employers, reveales he knows of at least 400 doctors who had been blocked from entering the UK to take up job offers because of the cap.  
Real lesson of this is that the current #EU freedom of movement works and we are mad to try and ditch it ....Immigration: Scrap targets after Brexit, CBI urges - BBC News  
MUST-READ: in one of the biggest surveys of public opinion on Brexit since 2016, it is revealed that a #PeoplesVote on Brexit is the most popular route to resolving the ongoing crisis. Please RT:  
Forget another referendum, just stop the whole bloody fiasco.  I want my life back now!!  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Scores of people gathered outside the British High Commission in Delhi to protest against the 'Referendum 2020' campaign organised by a US-based separatist Sikh organisation that is slated to be held in London on August 12Read @ANI |  
Give people the #finalsay on #Brexit, that’s the will of the people⁦@BestForBritain⁩ ⁦@peoplesvote_hq⁩ 
New @YouGov poll: 45% support public vote on Brexit (63% of Labour voters), 34% oppose, 22% unsure  
The U.K. is suffering from #Brexit Stockholm Syndrome. We need rescuing.#A50challenge 
I'm pretty damn sure I saw Nicola answering questions on Brexit at the Turriff Show... pic.twitter.com/2WBkRV5MWi 
“An injection on honesty is needed”. For crying out loud! About time we were all honest and admitted that #Brexit was a moment of madness and will spell disaster for UK. Nothing good will come out of it.   
Am in France. Nobody I’ve spoken to can believe Brexit, they talk about it as if their old friend Britain had started using hard drugs or gone off the rails. A mixture of incredulity, concern and regret. Notwithstanding the familiar jokes, Britain was well liked abroad 
New poll shows support for a #PeoplesVote continuing to grow as the only way out of the #Brexit chaos   
This is a very significant article. It proves your voices are being heard and the @UKLabour leadership is starting to listen.Every new CLP motion and every new supporter increases our chance of securing a #PeoplesVote.#Brexit is not inevitable.  
#r4today Iain Duncan Smith being given the opportunity to parrot his #Brexit  empty slogans uninterrupted no wonder there’s been a #bbcswitchoff campaign 
An unwanted and divisive second referendum would only create delay and uncertainty. Voters got it right the first time, politicians just need to get on with it!  
Revealed: details of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up  
First arch-Brexist Jim Ratcliffe pisses off to Monaco. Now there are doubts about his company Ineos building new car and chemical plants in the UK.Post-Brexit Britain is not a place the intrepid entrepreneur wants to live or invest in!  via @FT 
Clearly, if Brexit had been 'going well', Yuan Yafei would not have pulled out now. 17,000 jobs going.So why does the BBC not mention Brexit or REMEMBER ITS OWN STORY? @BBCNews 
CEOs on both sides of Brexit finally agree on something: it's a joke  
 POCH: BREXIT AFFECTED 'BRAVE' SPURS Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has highlighted Brexit and the cost of their new stadium as reasons why the club did not make a summer signing.Read more here:  
House of Fraser has gone.The BBC story won't acknowledge Brexit as a factor. But in January the new Chinese owner delivered the most explicit warning possible: 
The Brexit cabal are seeking to do this voluntarily (to the rest of us: they personally gain): “What the crisis changed in Greece and what it did not  
CBI said “EU citizens should be registered on arrival to the UK & restrict their visit to 3 months unless they are working, studying or are self-sufficient"  Sounds familiar... OH!! THIS IS THE CURRENT EU F.O.M. LAW!! We don’t need #Brexit for that.   
Here’s the piece I wrote for the New European on the lies cheating and incompetence from the Brexit Bunch - and what needs to be done to prevent their incompetence blighting the future of our children  
The problem with minister Theresa May's credentials as a guarantor of the Good Friday Agreement not being taken seriously, is that she didn't seem to take them seriously quite recently. From "Brexit and Ireland"  
Those who voted for Leave in the belief that it would save the NHS - this: 83% of British Doctors believe that Brexit will harm the National Health Service. Most of those registered 'severe concern'. We need to #StopBrexit so we can #SaveOurNHS 
Britain urged Ireland to reduce emphasis on NI peace in Brexit talks  via @IrishTimes 
Ironic too that Brexiters who think it was perfectly ok for 780,000 British people in EU27 to be denied a vote in a referendum which is forcibly removing their rights, but are OUTRAGED at having to pay a few quid extra to go on holiday to any of those 27 countries.... 
Perhaps you're so used to an orchestrated, well-funded, corrupt campaign in favour of Brexit that you can't understand how individuals can independently look at the facts and say we're much better off in the EU.PS You sound very bitter that you're not a highly paid presenter.  
Immigration targets will have to be scrapped after Brexit to allow companies to recruit enough staff, the CBI has warned.  
Today's #frontpage: Brexit plans could see mile-wide stop and search zone along border 
Current number of EU agreements with the rest of the world = 759Current number of UK agreements with the rest of the world (via UK membership of the EU) = 759Current number of UK agreements with the rest of the world (after the UK leaves the EU) = 0#Brexit means chaos.  
As a father, businessman and citizen of the UK, I am deeply concerned about Brexit. Brexit will cause unparalleled economic and logistical chaos across the country. It is essential to our democracy and society to have a #PeoplesVote on the final deal or no deal.@peoplesvote_uk 
Public was told their NHS would prosper with Brexit. With an 87% drop in EU nurses/midwives applying to work in NHS & numbers flatlining, the reality is their NHS is suffering. We are 40,000 nurses short & 10,000 doctors down already - Brexit will be catastrophic.#PeoplesVote 
11% of all UK universities’ research funding comes from the #EU (17% overall is from overseas)  #WeAreInternational #brexitshambles #brexit  
If you voted Brexit, ok I can believe you had your misguided reasons.But if you still want Brexit to go ahead, you are a 1st class f**king idiot.End of.  
Britain's richest man has billions of reasons to move to Monaco  
Lovely isn’t it. The rich banks get to move when Brexit hits. The people who voted for this lie get to stay & suffer. You couldn’t make it up. #PeoplesVote 
We cannot continue to follow blindly behind a group of lying charlatans - who have cheated, broken the law & taken the country for fools with Brexit. To do so would be to risk not only our futures, but also the futures of generations to come. There must be a #PeoplesVote 
Looks like Pochettino wants a @peoplesvote_uk (very timely for the report showing how Brexit will damage the Premier League and thus the game as a whole) 
A five-year moratorium on Brexit is needed to allow the UK and the EU to fully get to grips with the process  
Thread: Pour le respect des libertés et droits fondamentauxLast October, Juan Carlos Girauta, parliamentary spokesman of Ciudadanos, asked why the Spanish diplomatic service had been unable to control the narrative of the international media regarding the Catalan referendum.  
Support for Brexit is shrinking fastThere are 4 main drivers• Official confirmation that the referendum result was fraudulent• Emergency measures to deal with governmental breakdown at local and national level• Serious long term economic damage• New young Pro-EU voters 
The fact that Liam Fox tweeted about the benefits of a new arrangement with Taiwan without mentioning it came about due to the EU is dishonest & naive. With an attitude like his, Britain can only lose. I totally disapprove of him & the Brexit govt and demand our #PeoplesVote 
The International Trade Secretary telling a big porky here ! It was the EU - yes the EU !! - that negotiated for UK pork to be resold in Taiwan - and the agreement may not stand after Brexit ! So @LiamFox claims credit, while making a pig's ear of Brexit :)  
By 63% to 18% LAB voters tell YouGov that there should be public say on final Brexit deal 
Currency traders are ratcheting up pressure on Britain and the EU to avoid a no-deal Brexit  
Britain urged Ireland to reduce emphasis on NI peace in Brexit talks: Ireland, rightly, rejected the call. Peace is more important than the failing Brexit fantasy.  
Here it is in writing. The referendum was advisory. "The UK does not have constitutional provisions which would require the results of a referendum to be implemented."So much for take back control of our sovereignty!  
Britain 'wants second Brexit vote' as ‘significant’ poll shows Remain would WIN with 53%. The British public would vote to remain in the European Union by a margin of 53% to 47% if Theresa May called a second Brexit referendum today. #PeoplesVote 
#BREXIT Can we get on with Brexit. 17 million voted leave the EU. Theresa May one hopeless  Prime Minister. Loves DITHERING all day. No backbone. Jeremy Corbyn worse,  voted 17 times against Terror Laws. Hates EU all his life, loves it today HYPOCRITE. Vince Cable.    
Voters in region critical to Tory election victory swing against Brexit  
Tory chairman accused of trying to 'kneecap' Boris Johnson as party investigates burka comments.Tory hierarchy has handled #BurkaGate as badly as they have handled #Brexit.Tories seem to have a death wish. 
So we can negotiate our own deals while part of the EU. What’s the case for #Brexit then? 
After Brexit and #IndyRef2 You'll not get to use our British Pound Scotland. Thank Fuck !! 
“If there were to be a second referendum now, 52% would vote Remain and 48% Leave, an average of polls over the past three months suggests” ⁦@BBCNews⁩ 
Details of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-upLeaked document lays out for first time deal proposed to Leave. EU backer, sparking new questions over Moscow’s role 
Just for a brief moment, me and a Butterbeer, and all is right with the world. Just for a brief moment though. Then it's back to the reality that #Brexit makes as much sense as a Gammon and Elderflower sorbet. A #PeoplesVote makes much more sense. 
OBGTwo years after Trump’s election and the Brexit referendum, a small, transatlantic faction of pinstripe-clad populists is under international scrutiny for its role in both votes—and for its shadowy ties to Russia.H/t @manchucandidte 
Was Brexit the reason Spurs didn't make any buys this summer? 
We see LeaveEU are conning people again. Paxman voted 'Remain' so what he's saying here is he believes the UK's sanity will prevail and once the shitblisters like Farage, Banks, Johnson, Hannan and their groupees are exposed for what they are, they'll crawl back under their rocks pic.twitter.com/JmDAMR9Tbt 
"Brexit will be fantastic for our country" says the lady broadcasted on daily basis from BBC, who is not from our country, and is part of the biggest electoral fraud crime in the history of the UK, and is funded by secret tax evaders who want to destroy our country.#BBCswitchoff 
British nationalist nutters ranting at progressive SNP is a regular feature on BBC Question Time, election and referendum debates. One recently given 14 minutes on #BBCScotland morning news prog to dissemble over indy YouTube channels censored by the BBC#BBCswitchoff #BBCprotest pic.twitter.com/u58EDZ2kxk 
Brexit; I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum || Via: Independent  
The brilliant #AmbroseEvansPritchard has a column in the #Business Section of #TheTelegraph. He forensically dissects the arguments about #Brexit and comes to the (obvious) conclusion that @theresa_may and her government must be swept aside to enable a #RealBrexit! @ConHome 
Yep.  She’s being absolutely brilliant. Calm.  Reasonable. Persistent. She can be one of us Bad-Girls-Anti-Brexit 
Hi Dallas. 13 of the previous 14 constitutional amendments had enabling legislation passed before the referendum so voters knew the details. This time ZERO of 6.  What is being hidden and why? 
DESPERATE @theresa_may has sent a letter to all #Tory #members seeking their support for her FAKE #Brexit with the #ChequersPlan. It has cost £70,000 and is signed by @DominicRaab, @LiamFox & @michaelgove all now #TRAITORS to the #BREXIT! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #Tory 
I note you work in Budapest, which might explain why you have found little support for Brexit.  After all landlocked Hungary receives much more money from the EU than it pays in and it’s about to lose one of it’s main cash cows..  
Pay attention.  Whatever your view of LDs or Vince...he predicted the Financial Crash and he also advised against a referendum not least because it would derail the recovery and provide too much uncertainty for business.  
Visiting the magnificent County of Norfolk for a few days - a great coastal county; history, churches, villages and stately homes; beautiful landscape, countryside; nature and wildlife; and some of the best English pubs! It’s a pro- BREXIT County too, so hooray for Norfolk!   
Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up || Via Guardian  
Notice how authoritarian the tone has become. It is not arguing, not presenting justifications, just decreeing. Like self-appointed little Kings. Is this what brexit has made of Britain: an authoritarian state?  
Only a politician opposing this brexit mess can be PM nowOnly a politician opposing this brexit mess can be PM nowOnly a politician opposing this brexit mess can be PM nowOnly a politician opposing this brexit mess can be PM now 
Remember when Carol Vorderman was on TV all the time?Then she did this tweet after the Brexit vote which *didn’t* moan about the result.TV bosses don’t tolerate wrongthink. Crying about Brexit was the bar everyone had to jump… or else.  
Major Brexit poll finds 53 per cent would now back Remain  
The EU are desperate to trap the U.K. into meekly following their social, economic and environmental laws with no right to diverge. The biggest danger now is that May and Parliament will sign us up to a vassal state Brexit - the worst of all worlds.   
I will be on the panel too - YOUR rights are being threatened by Brexit - join us to learn more  
I agree with many on Twitter who find MSM coverage of @jeremycorbyn biased and grossly unfair. However, I think his leadership over Brexit has been utterly lamentable. I think leaving the EU in the current geopolitical climate is insanely stupid. 
Brexit: Half of Britons want a final say in a no-deal scenario, major new poll findsHuge poll shows a big 2:1 majority in favour of a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.Just one in four trust parliament with the decision as no deal looms. #StopBrexit. 
Half of British people want final say over no-deal Brexit, major new poll finds  
The revelation raises "new questions about Moscow’s role in Brexit, and whether the Kremlin sought to enrich leading Brexit campaigners in the run-up to the 2016 referendum via a series of covert business deals."  
A leaked document reveals the details of the Russian goal deal offered to Arron Banks (the donor behind Leave[.]EU) ahead of the EU referendum.Banks was offered the chance of making potentially enormous profits in a deal featuring a Russian gold company. 
Brexit offers a chance to reset UK immigration policy - beginning by dropping May's damaging and economically illiterate targets. Sensible proposals from @CBItweets 
It takes someone really special to get into this position against a government literally flushing the country down the pan. 
Brexit: recycling a bad idea - there is nothing at all to substantiate a claim that Mrs May intends to adopt the "Jersey Option", or that the EU-27 would buy it. We are, dear readers, looking at a silly season invention ...  #Brexinfo. 
BREXIT was covertly backed by Moscow. To break up the EU.Putin also helped Trump get elected. To split America from Europe. To weaken or destroy NATO!BREXIT & Trump have been used by Putin to cripple the west.It's a new Cold War. But we missed it. 
I suspect there are rather a lot of MPs hoping that leaving it too late and then saying they tried to stop it, or pretending they couldn’t have done anything, will get them through Brexit with their reputations intact.It won’t.  
A motion to support a #PeoplesVote at the @UKLabour party conference next month must not and cannot be derailed by the #Brexit supporting minority in our party. #Brexit is a Tory made catastrophe supported by dark money from the alt right. The membership will not be betrayed.  
And one last thing before I turn in, @BBC : for those of us who still tune in very occasionally, we're sick to death of seeing Farage, so please stop consulting him every time Brexit is mentioned, which is quite frequently. Thank you #BBCswitchoff 
If the @Conservatives get rid of @BorisJohnson it will 100% be the end of the party. They have no idea how out of touch they are with their own voters. The Westminster bubble is real. Have no doubt this is a witch hunt to out a popular #Brexiteer #Brexit 
Currency fall is no surprise but a warning that fallout from #Brexit could be a toilet paper currency. 
To go back to an old theme: Brexit is the symptom, not the disease. *The dementia of the Conservative Party* is the crisis. If you’re looking for a Head Vampire to drive a stake into, the Conservative Party is it. Destroy it, there is no other option. 
At the end of the day Labour has a problem.  Ignore it if you will but it is not capable of winning an election with Corbyn.  It needs a leader who will take charge and fight Brexit for Britain.  
I can’t stress this enough - Brexit was a Conservative Party problem, and their incompetence & self-indulgence has made it an immediate and urgent threat to everyone in the country. Their party HQ should be flattened with bulldozers and forbidden to future generations. 
What if the "majority" now want to remain?We should check. No true democrat would object to this.#PeoplesVote#Brexit#FBPE 
When the details of Brexit are known and people have a clear choice - part of an isolationist Brexit Britain or as an independent outward looking Scotland in the EU. 
Nothing to see here.Completely normal behaviour from the largest funder of Brexit.Just the odd offer of juicy gold mining deal from the Russian ambassador.What could possibly be suspicious about that?  
This would be better argument if Brexiteers could actually agree on a definition of what Brexit means  
How an entity so comprehensively dedicated to intransigence and bureaucratic pettifogging can possibly hope to deal with the hugely expanded workload necessitated by a hard #Brexit is beyond me. They simply won't cope, and any UK citizens wanting visas should beware. 
How about my friends who got bullied at school on a daily basis simply because they were white ? Unfortunately your level of ignorance is the reason @realDonaldTrump and #brexit happened . Get out from your safe space and go and see the world for how it really is . 
That’s funny you claim people shut down the debate. Tell us why you hung up on @carolecadwalla without debating? Why do leavers respond with “get over it you lost” instead of debating brexit, particularly when inconvenient facts are pointed out? 
Theresa May has destroyed Tory voters trust in her, she has proved she has no credibility no intention in delivering on her own promises on Brexit and is now creating divisions in her own party and making it look pathetic. What more does she have to do before she removed. 
4. In the run up to the referendum, you were no match for #prolife advocate Maria Steen, knowing her intellect and morality far exceeded yours, so you, in cowardly fashion, wouldn't face her in a televised debate #scaredsimon 
This man quit his job to take a 32-country road trip in Europe to spell out his Brexit message  
I hadn't posted a #BBCswitchoff tweet because that's what I have done every day since 19 September 2014.I lost trust completely in the BBC over the 2-year Scottish independence referendum campaign.Many who decried and denied what many Scots saw then have come to understand why. 
Sir Jim Ratcliffe: UK's richest man and ardent Brexiteer is moving to MonacoThe stench of hypocrisy ... the UKs rich seem to huv a problem with living in brexit bin ...I mean Britain   plebs voted for this and now those with money are escaping it  
Consistently the polls show that the majority think the decision to #Brexit was wrong.. Its time May listened to the "Will Of The People"   
I've had so many remoaner trolls on tonight asking me about the benefits of Brexit. These idiots should've listened to the debates two years ago and learned something. Morons the lot of them. 
Friday's Express: "Now EU fears no deal #Brexit" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
So we can negotiate trade deals whilst in the EU. Yet it’s taken years to negotiate a minor £10m a year deal on one product,with that level of competence Moggs 50 years for a Brexit dividend is looking wildly optimistic. 
Laura Ingraham is correct.Look at Europe. First Brexit. And Italy, Poland and Hungary are all for cultural integrity. More coming.Look at the US. Trump is President.A nation’s people do not take kindly to Illegal or imposed immigration. They’ll fight it to the end. 
EU leaders 'open to Brexit compromise', but Theresa May warned they may be setting a trap  
The plan has not changed one iota since the day @NicolaSturgeon gave a speech in Bute house where she said that once the terms of #Brexit were known, Scotland would get a choice. The terms of Brexit are not known & she promised an informed choice.  
.@GOP Ohio Governor Kasich views the election in #OH12 as a referendum on #Trump -- one which he believes Trump lost. "I think the message was you gotta knock it off," said Kasich. 
So, Twitter. In light of the ongoing clusterfuck that is #brexit, let me tell you a little about my white, Australian experience of dealing with the UK visa authority, a complete shitshow of a bureaucracy that is in no way prepared to handle what's coming. 
When will he realise the membership just don't support him on this. Labour members know Brexit will put a wrecking ball through their jobs, their rights and their family's future. Why is he so ideologically blinkered? Why won't he listen?  
The Sweden Democrats, an anti-Establishment party polling to come out on top in next month's elections. And their leader Jimmie Åkesson is in favour of having a referendum to leave the EU.Watch this space...#Swexit 
#bbcnewsten #Newsnight #r4today .@BBCNews You need to hear this message.At the end of the day we will all suffer the results of #Brexit - all of us including all of you.Tough questions need to be asked.You are our national broadcaster & it is you who must ask the questions.  
#BBCSwitchOffI'm giving up on BBC news/current affairs. C4 & even Sky do proper coverage of Brexit & run to a bit of genuine journalistic investigation. BBC just ignores all the law breaking, lies and ongoing car-crash consequences of Brexit allowing hard Brexiteers free reign 
...in case you forgot who the IEA are - here’s a reminder @BBCNews @BBCNewsnight#BBCswitchoff #BBCBias #Brexit 
Yes, it turns out, by complete coincidence, that the people who were an overwhelming minority in their field pushing for Brexit were all crackpots. Who knew? 
.@jeremycorbyn I thought that policy would be led by members? Stop lying, stop scheming, stop hiding and oppose this Tory Brexit!!Corbyn hopes to avert call for public vote on Brexit at conference  
...and this is what Brexit voters say they want out of Brexit. Read it and weep.  
. @DominicRaab your dept's response to this petition is to say "There can be no attempt to stay in the EU". As the petition concerned law-breaking by Vote Leave, are you saying that criminals should be allowed to keep the proceeds of their crime?#Brexit 
"On the third day of Brexit, Jupp gave unto me -Three fakes to throw out                  And a shift in the King's Head Pub"Not Tonight, a dark political comedy RPG set in dystopian post-Brexit Britain arrives on Steam August 17thWishlist it here -  
Imagine being leader of The Labour Party.Imagine knowing that Brexit will decimate entire regions and ruin millions of people’s livelihoods.Imagine telling these people you’re ‘For the many...’Imagine then still doing your utmost to push it through.Imagine the backlash.  
Glad to see #BBCswitchoff trending. In the last 18 months I have slowly but surely been shifting away from the BBC over its #Brexit bias. First #bbcqt then #Marr and finally @bbcnews in general. I now prefer @SkyNews where @faisalislam behaves like an actual journalist. 
So, to summarise: Poor people voted for Brexit to make themselves poorer. That’s because they’re thick. Rich people voted for Brexit to make themselves richer. That’s because they’re psychopaths. Is everyone keeping up with Mitch’s argument?  
Corbyn has been considering how to head off a concerted attempt by remain-supporting members to stage a vote at Labour annual conference on calling for a second referendum, to avoid what would be an embarrassing defeat for his pro-Brexit policy. 
If you are a Brexit supporter, believe Brexit is great and concerns are just scaremongering, consider this one question: why are its wealthy supporters who told you it’d be fab fleeing the UK?  Britain's richest person to leave UK for tax-free Monaco  
Just spent fifteen minutes with a white middle aged London cabbie, Olympia to Marylebone (don't ask!). He conceded that #Brexit is not what he expected and that it needs "knocking on the 'ed whilst we find out what went wrong".Couldn't really put it better myself.#PeoplesVote 
The  BBC's main political presenters @AFNeil, @AndrewMarr9 & @Jo_Coburn are all huge Hard Brexit fans & they all shamelessly tailor their shows, questions & video clips to Help their Brextremist cause. #BBCswitchoff 
Who should replace Olly Remoaner Robbins as the Govt's #Brexit advisers:James Dyson and Tim Martin.CV:a. Extensive familiarity trading with EU nationsb. Real business experiencec. Proper negotiating skillsd. Pro-Britain, pro-Brexite. CourageJust what we need?  
Last year at conference debate about Brexit was stifled and a vote denied.  Don't let them get away with it again. Fight for what Corbyn promised you - that members would decide @UKLabour policies. @Labour4EU @peoplesvote_uk #stopbrexit @ChukaUmunna @OwenSmith_MP @hilarybennmp 
Just a quick reminder that Vote Leave, Leave dot EU and BeLeave have all been investigated and fined for their orchestrated, well-funded establishment campaign to push Brexit.  
Brexit has driven the usual crazies over the edge...  
May's government, you know, the one that is doing its best to ignore the result of the referendum, is now trying to get Tommy Robinson back into prison again. They won't stop until they kill him. No one criticises child rapists in the UK. . .No one.   
Is it because of the #BBCwwitchoff  this petition has grown so much this evening? over 600 000  signatures demanding a #PeoplesVote - Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
#BBCSwitchOffWhy?Because all of a sudden England has became clued up to brexit fraud , moneyed class coup , and anti Corbyn.Where the fuck where you from 2013 when the same shite was refined in Scotland , or about Scotland and its independence. 
The only drain on this country is the systematic pigheaded refusal to accept facts and the plain ignorance of people who still push for Brexit 
Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up  
On a daily basis @mrjamesob is scrutinising and asking the right questions on Brexit. This is what a good journalist should always be doing. He’s the diametric opposite to the lack of scrutiny on many BBC programmes right now - in fact, he should be hosting the Today Programme. 
Here are several leave voters who have looked at #brexit & said, this is not what I voted for, I'm a #RemainerNow, I want a #peoplesvote and have been brave enough to record videos for Facebook & Twitter. These are going out every workday in August.Reply if you want to join! 
Not a single major backer of Brexit either (1) doesn’t have offshore bank accounts (2) doesn’t already live abroad or is moving abroad (3) hasn’t set up new offices in the EU so their business can keep going (4) is rich enough to weather the Brexit economic collapse 
All that furore when Blue Passports were to be made in France. Here we have 1,000 jobs moving to Paris and there's no Daily Mail petition, no wall to wall media, no calls to "Build it in Britain"Brexit bad news is systematically ignored.#PeoplesVote 
Can we just fast forward to the bit where Trump, Banks, Gove... are in prison and Brexit has been cancelled. I’ve had enough. 
It's John Humphrys.Gets paid a huge amount of OUR money for reading aloud bits of the Daily Mail. Find a dim witted,bigoted,Brexit/Tory voting, pissed up 70 year old in Wetherspoons & get him to present the Today programme instead. Nobody would notice difference#BBCswitchOff 
More and more people are backing a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.Two years on and still nobody has any idea what politicians will deliver - except a shambles.Back @peoplesvote_uk and have a final say, with an option to stay. 
So #FARM24 is a thing today. I want to keep as many of our small but fabulous UK farms in business as possible. @NFUtweets knows this can't happen with any type of Brexit. #LoveBritishFarmingHateBrexit 
#Brexit The WTO option means max-tariffs option With No Deal, that could apply on 29th March 2019.If so economic chaos and inevitable political chaos will ensue in UK.Up to now,  will seem like a gentle warm-up.  #HugeChangesOnWay 
So in the space of a week we've gone from "Momentum will force a Brexit vote at Labour conference" to "the motion will be to put backing a vote into a GE manifesto" to "Corbyn will attempt to stop it being at the conference and offer a fudge".So inspiring, Labour. Cheers... 
The Guardian has shown a photograph of one and a half shelves of food claiming that people frightened of brexit are stockpiling. Well one and a half shelves of various tins should last a week or so. No wonder the Guardian is going broke. Communist idiots. 
The UK's richest man and Brexit supporter is moving to Monaco and everyone is making the same point  
Do Wets prefer 2 destroy the party because its membership is pro-Brexit, associations R pro-Brexit,& electorate is pro-Brexit just 2 make sure #brexit is not delivered? May & her remain thugs R not true Tories.  via @GuidoFawkes 
What is the point of ⁦@BBCNews⁩ if it is frightened of journalism?Brexiters lied, cheated and broke the law.The BBC should stop #BBCbias, investigate Brexit, and report on the majority of people who now  want to Remain in the EU.#BBCswitchoff 
Ask this of Corbyn. If he will lie and put his personal ideology ahead of the good of the disadvantaged on Brexit, why will he not put his personal ideology ahead of the disadvantaged in other policy spheres too?  
The Tories have led us to edge of cliff and want us to jump knowing there are jagged rocks at bottom Or as they call it brexit Tories will have benefit of expensive parachute sLooking after number one Scum 
Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up  
Do I have to return my Continental Quilt after Brexit? 
Perhaps Mr. Galloway should speak to actual “Sikh people in the Punjab” instead of Sikh people in the UK before openly declaring support for this supposed “Punjab Independence Referendum” that hardly anyone in Punjab (which is a good 40+% non-Sikh) actually knows about.  
Corbyn Harassment Syria Propaganda Bana Propaganda White Helmets PropagandaYemen WhitewashingNovichok Fantasy Island Fairy StoryBrexit Bollocks#BBCswitchoff 
If you've done the #BBCswitchoff , time to revisit    How the BBC Stole the Referendum 
I'm none to sure June wanted the world to know, but it makes a change from Facebook causing Brexit I guess    
#BBCSwitchOff I have given up of #r4Today as I am fed up with the terrible failures of them to challenge  brexit backing politicians. Particularly John Humphreys. So much for balanced journalism.@bbc 
Lawson takes French residencyRees-Mogg moves funds to Dublin Redwood advises clients to ship funds out of UKFarage takes German passports for his kidsEver get the impression that the super rich don’t actually believe in their own Brexit plans whilst the rest of us suffer?  
Brexit is 5571 hours away. #brexit 
Corbyn will push for Brexit anyway he can. 
As Twitter Storms, the clouds have opened in the East Midlands. Thunder & lightning in the skies. Thunder & lightning on Twitter. The BBC must rid itself of its Brexit bias. Our very democracy is at risk. #BBCSwitchOff 
@JamesDelingpole interviewed Wetherspoons founder Tim Martin on this week’s episode of Delingpole, discussing how Martin built his $400 million business and gives his recipe for a full English Brexit.   
We are delighted to announce that Jessica Simor QC @JMPSimor, one of the country's leading specialists in human rights & public law, will be speaking at the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference in #Leeds on 8 September. Tickets are still available here:  
They've promoted tory austerity/stood silent on sick/disabled being persecuted, they've allowed Mr.Corbyn and @UKLabour to be smeared relentlessly unchallenged, they say nothing on the impact of no deal #Brexit unlike #SkyNews #C4News, fuck them #EnoughisEnough #BBCSwitchOff 
“Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up”Brexit must be stopped. It is based on lies, cheating & law breaking. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw#VoteLeave 
BREAKING: Spanish justice investigates at least 72 Catalan police officers for failing to comply with the orders of the central government (they ordered them to beat voters) during last year's independence referendum. 
With his comments about the #burqa this week has @BorisJohnson increased his chances of becoming the next #Conservatives Leader and Prime Minister?Please retweet if you agree he has.#BorisJohnson #Brexit  
This is on the money from @GMB_union General Secretary @Tim_Roache and what I have been arguing. I hope we can get this sorted fast, rebuild trust with our Jewish members and the wider community and focus on the threat of a hard and vicious Brexit.  
It's not a news service any more. They dont inform. They churn out propaganda on behalf of the most hated government in history. More hated than Thatcher. THAT bad. No mention of Tory electoral fraud, disability cull or Brexit fraud. They are now AS hated as Tories #BBCSwitchoff 
Richard ignored this for the third time he rightly bemoans Tory Brexit madness but avoids telling you all the truth, Labour's Brexit Policy is virtually identical hence his reticence.Massive hypocrisy Richard!  
This disgraceful response to a govt petition doesn’t even answer the petition. The petition was questioning the legitimacy of a referendum won by illegal means.  @DExEUgov responds by quoting the result - the very thing that is in question because of law-breaking. #BrexitCoup 
Nope. Not how it works.If the debate wasn't over after *the* referendum in 1975 it isn't after the second one in 2016, especially as the 2016 result was illegally and undemocratically obtained. 
The BBC new he was a Labour candidate. They invited Paul Sweeney on to their post-BREXIT debate show to shout down Fiona Hyslop. #BBCswitchoff 
If anyone is acting as a bank robber it is #Boris and his cronies who have robbed a generation of their future by promoting the falsehoods that led the misguided to vote for #Brexit & a bleak future #FBPE 
Excellent piece. Politicians need to get real about Brexit and they only have a few weeks to do so.  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of DISINFORMATION AND RUSSIAN BOTS.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
I can’t be bothered but does anyone else want to help @MitchBenn out with the names of some people who are dumb enough to support Brexit yet somehow have managed to do things like run multi-million pound businesses or,  you know, the Bank of England. Please be polite.  
READ: Premier League clubs have paid an extra £88.3m in transfer fees due to Brexit causing sterling's value to slump.No football fan voted for their club to pay higher transfer fees. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
There is a twitter storm about the BBC right now. More than 6000 tweets in the last hour on #BBCSwitchOff It is clear that a large chunk of the UK think there is a Brexit bias at the @BBCNews . BBC investigate yourselves. 
Report Brexit fairly @BBCNews . It is clear that Britain is becoming more aware of what a complete mess Brexit is. Lies and lies and lies. You have not helped to  educate and inform. Do better.#BBCSwitchOff 
We all assumed too much didn’t we?Some assumed Brexit would be quick, easy and we’d get everything we wanted. ‘No downside’.Others assumed govt wouldn’t actually get away with being that dishonest, irresponsible, blinkered or stupid.We all assumed wrongly. So now what? 
No, there isn’t.It’s just that everybody with a higher IQ than inside leg measurement knows Brexit is suicide, and those who aren’t paid liars are willing to say so.  
#Russia would like to highlight the peaceful conduct of the constitutional referendum in #Burundi with impressive, even unprecedented for the #African countries voter turnout (96.24%), as well as support for the amendment to the Constitution by the overwhelming majority (73.26%). 
Make no mistake about it, burka-gate is nothing more than a smokescreen. The real hidden agenda here is Leave vs Remain and stopping a #BorisJohnson leadership challenge.#Boris4PM #Brexit #EU 
Latest is that Remoaners are stockpiling food in case of a no-deal Brexit. Where'd they find the room with their stockpiles of b/s? 
#BBCSwitchOff:- Climate change denial, fake economists, politicians given false footing as experts, bullying, agenda bending, Brexit fraud denial, journalistic stricture, pandering, absorbing power, social function attending, compromising guiding principles. Yes, that's why. 
Give me a B! Brexit.Give me a B! Bias.Give me a C! Corporation.What have you got? BBC, it ain’t unbiased. That’s what I think. But @BBCNews why don’t you check? Not just assertions like I just made. Check. Prove it.#BBCSwitchOff 
„The UK should remember that pragmatism has long been a virtue of British diplomacy.“ Read my latest comment on #Brexit at the @FT: 
Why are people tweeting about #BBCswitchoff? This article might shed some light on it from a Brexit perspective.  
I know. I'm not laughing. I went on the London anti-Trump march just after the London anti-Brexit march. Saw the Trump blimp too! It's supposed to be going to US. I wish you luck in your fight for democracy and decency. You will win. You're the good guys.       
I do not trust @BBCnews on anything relating toPovertyDisabled peopleCorbynScotlandBrexitYemenIsraelSkripalsBy way of example 
This man quit his job to take a 32-country road trip in Europe to spell out his Brexit message  
Cool, let's keep this going guys, let's hammer it, let's spread the truth about brexit, let's call it what it is, a coup, a con, with bankers lining up to take advantage, American business rubbing their hands to take away our country & our freedom & rule us like slaves #FBPE 
.@Telegraph cartoon#TheresaMay #Brexit #ChequersPlan 
#BBCSwitchOffJust switched off @BBCRadio2 in protest at the awful job that @BBCNews is doing in reporting #brexit & the lies & illegality of the 2 main Leave campaigns#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
One upside for me in Brexit: the pals I’ve made across the political divide. A lot more fun to hang out with, too, than IDS, Redwood & Dacre 
Theresa May is facing outright rebellion at this year’s Conservative party conference, as aggrieved party members plot tactics to force her hand on Brexit. 
Tory members plot Brexit rebellion at party conference 
Imagine an Olympics held in post-Brexit Britain.What a depressing, drab affair that would be.Is 2012 really only six years ago? What has become of us?#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Go to your supermarket and look at all that cheap seasonal fruit and veg from abroad, every last piece of which got there through trade deals we have as an EU member.It's the last harvest before Brexit.Just saying. 
They love Brexit Britain so much they are leaving us to clear up their Brexcrement.  
Thanks to Brexit, working class UK students will be denied EU exchanges. Because you know, unpaid internships and family connections was not enough to widen the gap. #Brexit  
The #Islay @theSNP & @ScotNational had pitches on either side of my own at today’s #Islay Show - lots of interest , held a full surgery and was delighted to do a #Brexit Q&A with @joannaccherry  - we were both struck by strong interest & response . Thanks to all who helped too… 
Theresa May’s Brexit team are cowards and the best option is NO DEAL to give us real free trade, Leave-donor storms  
In the last 24 hrs, the @Conservatives campaign against the one man who could rescue #brexit has demonstrated beyond doubt that, right from the start, May's premiership was always about deceiving voters and delivering remain. #MayMustGoNow #StandUp4Brexit 
Pick your recipe plays with our 2019 Big Game Recipe Playbook. It’s filled with taste touchdowns!  #Nabisco 
Spending the first day of my holiday in Argyll & Bute at the fantastic #Islayshow talking #Brexit & Justice with @feorlean. Thanks to Islay ⁦@theSNP⁩ for a wonderful welcome 
This is not a matter of opinion, or a political judgement, it is plainly & simply a lie about the legal & constitutional status of the referendum result. For that, the minister responsible Dominic Raab must resign or be sacked.  
"I supported Brexit and I still do" - Read why this leave supporter wants a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  Both remain and leave voters want a vote on the final Brexit deal. If you do too, sign and share the petition:  
BREAKING: Kepa signs for Chelsea for a record-breaking £70.1m, the highest fee ever paid for a goalkeeper - but his transfer would have been £6.8m cheaper before the referendum.Brexit is pushing up costs. Chelsea might be able to afford it but ordinary families can't. Please RT  
Can someone please tell me how Pro Corbyn, Pro EU works? I assume it means that people love Corbyn, love the EU but think that Corbyn is more important than our continued EU membership. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
It’s well over 2 years since the EU referendum. Millions of us do not regret our decision one bit in fact all the delays & dishonesty by the govt have only made support for Brexit even stronger. We now need to overturn Theresa May’s Chequers deal to get the brexit we voted for..  
If one video was to sum up the UK government's attitude to Scotland and also Scotland's position in a post-Brexit UK then it would be this  
The country "spoke" more  than 2 years ago. Since then, the British public have seen what #Brexit will do to this country & what the Brexit process has already done. The people have also seen the comprehensive incompetence of those in charge. We deserve a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Ooh  look, another highly paid tabloid columnist comes out in favour  of her proprietor's line. But there *definitely* isn't an orchestrated,  well-funded campaign by our foreign/tax exile press barons to enforce Brexit. Absolutely not. No sirree. 
May has sent a letter to all Tory members seeking their support for Brexit. It has cost £70,000 and is signed by Raab, Fox and Gove, all now traitors to the Brexit cause in my view. 
The DExEU response to this petition contains the lie that the referendum result was an instruction. It is a matter of law that an advisory referendum cannot be an instruction. Raab must resign for this lie. Please RT#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
David Jason claims Del Boy would have backed Brexit  via @DailyMailCeleb 
Seems like Tottenham have gone with the Brexit transfer window strategy and decided that no deal was better than a bad deal...  
If Brexit happens, is that the end of the story?Will we automatically start fixing the UK? Or will the government be tied up in bureaucratic trade talks for decades?Will we all suddenly become pro-Brexit? Or will the UK population be increasingly one that voted Remain? 
Don’t be confused, Britain. This isn’t the EU’s Brexit negotiator.  
Green MP @fbrantner has written in Die Zeit that extending the #Brexit negotiation period would be preferable to a No Deal / crash out #Brexit.She’s right.It’s time more on both UK and EU sides admit this!Full piece in German: 
The brilliant Ambrose Evans-Pritchard has a column in today’s Business Section of the Telegraph which is a must read. He forensically dissects the arguments about Brexit and comes to the (obvious) conclusion that May and her government must be swept aside to enable a real Brexit. 
4. The antisemitism row seems to ensure focus on Brexit is lost. Labour cannot help Gaza whilst in opposition.We need labour to support people’s vote. The stench of criminality surrounding the vote is over powering.  
3. Labour will not win power unless it opposes Brexit.A pro EU labour leader would be 20 points ahead in polls and this would encourage Tory remainer MPs to break ranks. Labour needs to oppose Brexit in order to win power. 
RT if you will switch your support to @UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn if they switch to opposing *this* crappy May version of brexit and offer a people’s vote @PeoplesMomentum 
I just published “Values and voting in the EU Referendum”  
Is it just me, or is there a real air of, dare I say it, "remoaning" coming from remainers today? Well I don't know about you, but I'm not going to hell & I don't own a handcart.I still believe:1. We'll get a #FinalSay2. No deal is an empty threat 3. Brexit will be stopped 
Does the Punjab have the right to self-determination, a peaceful referendum on their future? I think so, how about you? Tonight on @talkRADIO 7pm #Moats @sikhsforjustice #Sikhs #India #Punjab #Referendum  
Supporting and joining August 12th London Declaration on Punjab Independence Referendum #LDN2020Declaration @sikhsforjustice 
StillFighting against Brexit and approaching Facism?Yes, that’s what I do.Am I doing it right?No idea, I never got the memo.Am I doing enough?No,Probably notBut hey, I do what I can without actually destroying every relationship I had pre ref.Am I quitting?No!#SopBrexit 
"I always thought, and I still believe, that Brexit was positive economically and psychologically for the nation." - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #MoggMentum 
William Hague warns Emmanuel Macron not to stand in way of Brexit deal.Absolute madness. 'Hey EU, France, we are leaving. But, be careful, be very careful, are you sure you can afford us leaving, have you really thought about it? We are leaving, ok?'  
Almost 600,000 people have signed our petition demanding a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. Add your signature now  
Interesting how many of the rich Brexit backers are tax exiles. True British patriots, obviously.  
Why do celebrities think ordinary voters or w/class citizens gives a flying fuck what they think of Brexit.?Are they so devoid of reality as to think the common person hangs on their every word and to nod willingly and eagerly at their every whimper?Christ, I despise celebs 
So much for the Brexiteers false claim throughout the EU Referendum campaign in order to capture diaspora voters that the EU was destroying African farming. On the contrary EU has done great things for African development and is widely respected in my experience on that Continent  
This is Tory Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes - she parachuted into Kilkeel today to talk all things #Brexit #Borders #Immigration #Fishing with a handpicked group - she of course was too busy to meet the local MP - I’m guessing she wouldn’t have liked what he had to say..... 
#LDN2020DeclarationThis referendum will highlight the human rights violation against Sikhs in India.  
To the front of me at the Café is a German family having ice creams, to my right, a French family are ordering their drinks and food, to the left, a Dutch family having crèpes and beers. I love it. Why would anyone in their right mind object to this familial Eurpoanism? #Brexit 
Disgraceful lie. How much more disgrace can the disgraced @LiamFox endure?? #BrexitLiars #BrexitScam 
Do you agree that the Conservative Party Chairman Brandon Lewis and Theresa May should both be kicked out the Conservative Party for their #Brexit deceit,  appalling leadership, ignoring the members and their current witch hunt of Boris Johnson to protect their own careers? 
I voted No in the independence referendum last time, but it's looking like an independent Scotland in the EU would be better option than UK out of the EU on WTO terms, so all bets are off next time. 
This guy has £21 billion in wealth. Govt gives him a knighthood & he’s off to Monaco with it without a backwards glance. A hard line campaigner for Brexit he’s chosen Europe to stash his money over the UK to avoid tax in this country. He’ll live alongside PhilipGreen  
Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up  
Brits are facing costlier holidays after the pound fell against the euro in reaction to no deal Brexit fears.People work around the clock for a week or so off a year, so it's devastating that some families will now be priced out of holidaying abroad. 
The pound in our pockets is worth 10% less than four months ago. Thank you #Brexit - and let’s hope it never happens@peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
Make Britain Rake AgainDig for Brexit!  
Are you talking about this deal  , the one between the EU and Taiwan, a part of which the UK will no longer be if we #Brexit with no deal, like you want? Will you people not stop lying until the country is in ruins?  
Laura Ingraham is correct as usual. Culture is being altered by globalists without the will of the people. This is being hotly debated in Europe as well.Lesson Learned in Europe: Don’t force it on the citizens. Or you’ll get Brexit. Or Italy. Poland. Hungary. More coming. 
We need a #brexit inquiry that also can lead to prosecution for malfeasance or treason.     
The outright tory/#Brexit bias of #bbcnews #r4today #bbcqt #bbcdp #bbcsp @BBCNews, @BBCr4today @BBCBreakfast @bbcquestiontime #Newsnight add in the bias of ppl like John Humphrys/Nick Robinson/Jo Coburn, the whole damn lot of them forces me to support #BBCswitchoff #PeoplesVote 
Most of those who liked Trump at the start ... still like himAnd most of those who voted for Brexit ... still support it  
I have counted eight Brexit-themed shows so far at the Edinburgh Fringe - all of them premised on the notion that it’s a terrible idea. Still, what a bloody brilliant festival. I wish I had come before.  
The UK's richest man and Brexit supporter is moving to Monaco and everyone is making the same point  
Despite his previous claims that the UK would be “perfectly successful” outside of the EU after Brexit, Britain's richest man has chosen to leave the country of his birth and move to Monaco, whose residents do not pay income tax  
Bravo John Connors!!!The actor described the result (abortion referendum in Ireland) as "one of the saddest days in Irish history"."I'm thinking about rights of the child," Connors said."It's not to offend...  
Is this a spoof? Guardian readers prepare for Brexit:"I will endeavour to learn to bake bread.""We buy veg from an organic veg co-op, so fingers crossed they will carry on with their UK box""I’ve also got... lightbulbs, matches, candles, firewood" 
Up until now, #Brexit has been a bit of a bully and we've all had to cower before it, but with revelations that this "advisory" Ref was only won by lying, cheating & lawbreaking, the validity of its advice is questionable. It's time to take a stand and #StandUp2BrexitNonsense! 
Self-described patriot Arron Banks was offered "opportunities not available to others” by a Kremlin bank in the run-up to the EU referendum. His response? “I am very bullish on gold and so keen to take a look!”  
Quite rare to see an opinion which is not just wrong but perfectly, symmetrically wrong. It's like the diamond standard of shit Brexit takes. 
Let me clear to all the Brexiteers who say Remainers want to undermine Brexit:1) Yes, I oppose Brexit.2) Vote Leave cheated AND people were/are too misinformed to vote wisely.3) I will support any politician who wants to derail Brexit.#FBPE #Brexitshambles #PeoplesVote 
Spot on comments from Brexiteer Peter Hargreaves! #Brexit #ArtOfTheDeal 
When Brexit is exposed for the con-trick it is, many a political career will be washed away with the debris.Andrea Jenkins has put her career on the line with Brexit.Thank goodness that career is nearly over.  
Now you’ve left the BBC @eddiemair are you likely to reveal your private thoughts about the major issues of the day? None bigger than Brexit! 
His concern was dismissed as unnecessary and so the democratic process in parliament leading to the vote for the referendum act was corrupted. 
The stench of Kremlin rubles floating around #Brexit gets even more foul. Scoop from the great @lukeharding1968. 
Remoaners, you are in for a treat with @jonathancoe's Brexit novel published in November. The return of the Rotters as they approach 60. And one or two romans a clefs to guess at.  
Revealed: detail of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up . The shocking truth behind Brexit. Anyone in Government who doesn’t demand an inquiry is involved. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Is this as a result of Brexit, or despite it? Enlighten me  
There is so much anger and so many lies about #Brexit, but there is one thing that I am completely clear on, and that is that at the 2016 referendum Nobody Voted To Be Poorer...  
The Greats of Our History! Those Who gave their Tomorrow for Our Today, We salute you All, Our Heroes! Yet the disgraceful pathetic defeatist  #TheresaMay is betraying their memories and #Britain over #BREXIT, She is a Disgrace and a #TRAITOR that needs to GO! #MayMustGo 
I’m beginning to think that the only way to stop Brexit and save England and Wales from economic suicide, is for Scotland to vote for independence as soon as possible.  
So just to be completely clear: the House of Commons was told in June 2015 by the minister responsible for the EU referendum Bill that the referendum was (a) advisory only & (b) the gov would consider whether leaving the EU would be in the UK’s interests. Was the House misled? 
Taking back control by throwing open our borders and not checking goods.What could possibly go wrong?Criminally negligent and will risk lives.Brexit is a rich fool’s fantasy acted out by those who will lose the most.Wise up..  
Time is running out for pound traders to position themselves for a disorderly Brexit  
Impassioned speech by @huw4ogmore in Bridgend on why, given the dire situation that #brexit has caused, we need a #PeoplesVote. 
You’re desperate for facts which clarify your worldview. Not the same as being “desperate for facts” because the facts, including the 2016 referendum result, reject it.  
7. The Missouri shows that if you can turn an election into a referendum on THE TREATMENT OF WORKING PEOPLE anything is possible.You don't need to work around the edges. There is the foundation of something far more transformative. 
Revealed: the full "sweetheart deal" offered by #Kremlin to Arron Banks in the run-up to the EU referendum. Featuring gold, a #Russian flag, a #Trump-linked #Moscow bank and "certain opportunities not available to others"  
IPOB supports referendum, not restructuring |  
While all this Boris Johnson thing is going on, negotiations with the EU at a standstill. The Macron/May talks were cloaked in secrecy, no apparent agreement. Time is ticking. 232 days till Brexit day.She can salvage this shambles.Break off negotiations & leave without a deal. 
A @YouGov poll for @peoplesvote_uk shows that the South West, a region that voted to leave the EU in 2016, will be worse off if #Brexit goes ahead. No-one voted to be poorer. Let's have a #PeoplesVote! 
WATCH: Brexiters used to promise that Brexit would boost the NHS - but the reality is that Brexit will harm the NHS. That's why we're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
You know you're losing the argument when you're relying on a fictional character to boost support for Brexit.  
Please try and get your newspaper off the fence in regard to May, Andrew - this woman is cynically selling out Brexit and surrendering to cultural Marxism. Quite obviously not fit to lead our country. 
Yday I interviewed @bankofengland's Ian McCafferty. He told me: 1. Voting for Brexit has already made us poorer than we would've been2. Labour party's plans for BoE productivity target are bonkers3. BoE shouldn't provide detailed interest rate forecasts  
The Boris burqa row is just another excuse to bash Brexit voters:  #BrexitBetrayal 
The EU and UK need to calm down about Brexit  
Another thing we’ll drop out of if we go ahead with #Brexit ...  
It’s worth reading this excellent clarification thread by @GuitarMoog on No Deal Brexit & WTO rules.   
Boris’s critics are using this fringe issue as a veil, behind which they are trying to sabotage the biggest cause in British politics – Brexit, writes Mick Hume.  
PLEASE RETWEET IF YOU AGREE.> Boris had every right to say what he did> His comments were neither hateful nor inaccurate> It's only an issue because it related to Muslims> The witch hunt is driven by his media, political & Brexit opponents> The Tory inquiry is a disgrace  
I’ve seen history ( Brexit and Trump) from the inside, truth is a huge casualty & anyone trying to write the history of this period will struggle ...  
Quick question - is it possible for me to totally oppose the idea of Brexit and not be a "remoaner"? Can it just be that i disagree with you? 
Varadkar's not thought this through properly AGAIN has he !Irish food exporters FUME at EU’s plan to sail round UK in post-Brexit shipping routes so as to avoid the channel tunnel. Delays mean food would perish 
After encouraging your country to jump of the cliff and be brave. Yeah right. Like JRM or redwood in public extolling the ease and benefits whilst shifting assets and business to Europe. Brexit is utter fraud on an incalculable scale 
A massive shift in the South West - 7% majority for a #PeoplesVote, with young people and students leading the charge.Brexit isn’t inevitable and it’s not a done deal. #FFS 
As a mum and as a citizen, @GabbyLogan , I’m getting more and more worried about the way the EU is going. That’s why I backed Brexit to ensure my child grows up in a genuine democracy with politicians accountable to the people. Is that enough “facts and clarity” for you?  
First letters to party members. Then EU makes a new offer. Then Downing St chooses to stoke the Boris row. Anecdotal yes, but watch the #brexit pea very carefully. This could be a moment of danger for leavers. #MayMustGoNow #Standup4Brexit 
Ooh, look, another highly paid BBC presenter comes out as a Remoaner. But there *definitely* isn’t an orchestrated, well-funded establishment campaign to stop Brexit. Absolutely not. No sirree.  
How about investigating Theresa May for misleading the house, the people, the country and the party for 2 years about #Brexit? 
I can’t see the Tory party expelling Boris Johnson over Monday’s commentsBut if you’re Gavin Barwell, an eight month suspension - just til you’re through to the other side of Brexit day - could look mighty tempting...... 
Time to admit to yourself that Brexit is a disaster. Pretty much all leave promises have been broken already. 2% of GDP has already been lost. It will do nothing for you and your family but make you poorer and the country weaker. It's hard to admit a mistake but now is the time.  
Fed up to the back teeth of people telling me to 'suck it up' when (as a UK citizen living in Austria) I talk of my concern for my friends and family in the UK and my own concerns.  Wasn't even allowed to vote in the sodding referendum either; a decision which will affect my life 
Strange how so many Brexiter politicians are talking about Islam at the moment. It’s almost as if they can see Brexit falling apart and they’re playing on the prejudices of Brexit’s anti-immigration supporters to keep them on-side.... 
Was @Montie always a one-eyed hypocrite or is it that Brexit has worked its poison on him? 
Sterling falls against dollar and euro amid fears of no-deal Brexit  
This is a witch-hunt against #Boris - Tory Remainers have been looking for an excuse to bring him down. If they carry on trying to destroy him and Brexit they will lose loyal Tory supporters. ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩ 
Boris is actually a pretty bad populist. He's indecisive (2 versions of Brexit article, didn't quit over Chequers until Davis did) where they're absolute & hardly in touch with masses. He's basically Kylo Ren, halfway to the dark side. But he'll learn. 
Maybe if the Conservative Party establishment cared more about fulfilling Brexit than they did being offended over Boris Johnson's words, they wouldn't be getting beaten in the polls by a complete clown.  
The franchise by residence or citizenship. Either is legitimate. When the vote affects rights of both directly, it should be both.The 2016 referendum’s franchise excluded both EU Citz in the UK and UK Citz in EU27.We need a #FinalSayForAll 
Remainers can write however they like about Brexit - the only writing that matters is the 17.4 million 'X's that appeared next to 'Leave the European Union'.  
To save Britain is not difficult. We just need a Christian, pro brexit leader and then to stand behind him in doing what must be done. It really is that easy. 
"The divisions we're seeing are much more damaging [than Brexit itself]".Gina Miller, who won a legal battle against the government over Brexit, says a "job of healing needs to be done", in the latest Ways to Change the World podcast.  
"Brexiters see the World Trade Organization as their best hope for a clean break from the European Union. Maybe it is. But it's not a very good one."'Computer Says No' to Jacob Rees-Mogg on Brexit  
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
Britain's richest man - and Brexit supporter - is moving to Monaco  
Many thanks to @theresa_may for writing to us members, in an attempt to apply some lipstick to the pig that is Chequers. You can keep your lipstick, Prime Minister - and for that matter you can keep your pig. We want what we voted for - a clean, proper, democratic #Brexit 
BREXIT? LOVELY JUBBLY! Sir David Jason says Del Boy would have backed Brexit and would see it as a ‘nice little earner’  
Looking forward to joining @vincecable @MollyMEP @sarahwollaston @Femi_Sorry and more for a big @peoplesvote_hq rally in #Bristol this Saturday. Reckless #Brexit will hit Severnside economy hard. Time for @peoplesvote_uk - sign up here 
An expert in global trade negotiations highlights the government incompetence over Brexit and succinctly explains to @mrjamesob why Britain is facing an almost impossible trade deal scenario with the WTO in a no-deal Brexit.  
Britain needs a new direction, new leadership and an 'out of the box', 'can do' attitude. @BorisJohnson for PM ! Watch out world, the Brits are back !  #Brexit  
If we vote for anything except for Corbyn's Labour we're Tories, apparently.I think; No. In fact I think the reason we've got austerity, Brexit, and nearly ten years of political decay is, to some extent, the fault of the very idiots who say this. Let me explain. 
Very good blog by @ConUnit_UCL on questions that have to be considered if another referendum were to be held: . 
Whether you think Boris had a point or not - or whether he was leadership posturing - this is surely going to further split the Conservative party. Oddly, it could be a newspaper column, not Brexit, that ends up triggering a leadership contest.  
The #HomeOffice has rejected a suggestion by @Janice4Brexit to fly the Union flag proudly at #British #ports after #Brexit. What's wrong with showing a little patriotism, @SajidJavid?  DISGRACEFUL #SajidJavid!  #BBC #SKY #ITV #LBC @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #Tory #Tories 
If this doesn't provoke  a second referendum, nothing will 
Can they investigate why the PM lies over #Brexit too?  
Gradually all the arguments got whittled down to 'you've got to get behind it'. One of the reasons I suspect a second referendum, if it could be secured, is very winnable. 
Have you noticed they no longer pretend there are benefits to Brexit? It's just we voted for it, we must have it 
Nigel Farage has confirmed he will keep his £73k EU pension, Nigel Lawson has applied for a French residency card & City firm Jacob Rees-Mogg helped found has launched a new investment vehicle in Dublin in case cut off from European investors. Who says we’re not ready for Brexit!  
This was negotiated by the EU. The dishonesty at the heart of the Hard Brexiteers spin is transparent for all to see. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.  
"What we are seeing is broad sterling weakness, a very aggressive weakening trend'. More great Brexit news.   
Simple question, simple answer, @JosepBorrellF. The court would have come to the exact same decision if an independence referendum had happened here, because the crime of rebellion doesn't exist in German law. Here it's about law, not revenge like in Spain 
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
A couple of thoughts for the day from our greatest leaders as I listen to  the constant left wing, anti-Brexit news channels portraying that the right is evil and the left hold the moral high ground!  
Look what arrived from @theresa_may just now... The last page is the one that got me; all those Brexit traitors and turncoats telling me to accept Chequers deal...I'd rather stick pins in my eyes! I've not said this yet... #MayMUSTGO 
No way!!Boris, get rid of her before she accepts it.WTO Brexit - nothing else.  
Establishment newspapers in the U.K., which previously considered American "preppers" as colourful eccentrics at best and lunatics at worst are now unironically endorsing prepping... For Brexit.  
Honestly one of the most embarrassing things about the UK is how folk use WWII as this defining time of hardship, and see Brexit as continuing that history of stoic resistance, forgetting most of the EU had it worse. 
Since @A50Challenge case in June it’s been undeniable that the decision to leave the EU wasn’t made by voters or Parliament but by the Prime Minister alone relying solely on the referendum  & for purely political reasons. Who knew that the UK’s Constitution was so dreadfully lax? 
.@EdwardJDavey writes for @timesredbox on the dangers of #Brexit and not retaining the European Arrest Warrant #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
It's a good point, but it would surely be wrong not to demand higher standards of the BBC. Amazing how Brexit has destroyed, or revealed weaknesses in so many British institutions.  
The #Brexit fiasco rolls on. It's chief architect resigns, whips up hatred against 0.1% of our minority Muslim population and targets rival @sajidjavid This is the plan when #Brexit goes bust. Change the subject. Blame the enemy within. Make others pay for politician's mistakes 
EU TO OFFER A MAJOR BREXIT CONCESSION TO PM MAY- Dax jumps 
Brexit has well and truly ruined this country.  
"As a union we need reassurances that the Erasmus+ programme will continue, and funding will remain in place. We need clarity on what Brexit means for research funding for PhDs."University of Kent students' union supports the call for a People’s Vote  
Why I changed my mind about accepting the legitimacy of the Brexit vote - the lies, cheating and incompetence that mean it is a blight on our democracy. Today’s @TheNewEuropean - let me know what you think 
A Briton in the EU27 for more than 15 years: "I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum – that's why we need another Brexit vote"#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Those pressing for a second referendum have no idea of the damage it would do says James Frayne 
Our #brexitometer is showing concern for Brexit at Our #TheSNP stall at the #Dounbyshow today in Orkney. 
The EU newspapers can be read online translated and you will see that the EU is now terrified of Brexit as they will suffer NOT UK. 
I picked up on @BBCr4today and Humphrys proBrexit bias during Referendum campaign and am grateful for @Andrew_Adonis for taking up this campaign to expose BBC failure to be impartial or objective informant 
Brexiteers keep telling us that everybody should "get behind Brexit". Getting behind Brexit is like getting behind an elephant with diarrhoea - all you will get is shit, and lots of it. #BrexitShambles pic.twitter.com/BpEwGcx7II 
'The judge prosecuting the #Catalan  vicepresident, Pere Aragonès, for his role in the referendum on independence is bringing the case to #Spain’s High Court in #Catalonia (TSJC), key before sending him to trial as he has parliamentary immunity' 
The South West was absolutely critical to 2015 Tory election victory and backed Leave. Now voters turning against Brexit and clear majority - 42% to 35% - wants a referendum on the outcome of negotiations, rising far higher in event of no deal #PeoplesVote 
Voters in region critical to Tory election victory turn against Brexit, poll claims  
The Department for International Trade may not have signed a single Brexit deal yet – but it hasn’t stopped the “performance-related” bonuses rolling in for its staff! Details in the new Private Eye, in shops now. 
Denmark is ready to use Brexit as a blueprint for Dexit, says Danish People's Party leader, Kristian Thulesen Dahl. Where Britain leads, many will follow!  Support us at  
Already seeing the god awful take about Argentina that abortion access should be left to people to decide. A referendum is a horrible way to decide this. I never want a country to go through what we went through. 
Just imagine, for a moment, how bad things must be going in the pro-Brexit camp, when they resort to claiming credit for a deal negotiated by the EU, a deal we'll also lose with a hard Brexit.If this is what they're publicly celebrating, IMAGINE the shit they're hiding...  
IGNORE DEAD CATSFrom today, I am donning blinkers in order to avoid being distracted by dead cats.Both main parties are deploying religion to distract us and channel our energy away from Brexit. Tories are ahead, as they've added sexism.Join me; ignore them.#StopBrexit 
I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum – that's why we need another Brexit vote - The Independent  
Of course, a no-deal #Brexit is an inferior outcome to a free trade agreement with the EU. But over-exaggeration and fear-mongering does not help to secure a deal.  
Feeling apathetic about Brexit and Trump?Having the ability to feel apathetic about it is privilege.Be better. 
We were told Brexit would be simple and easy. But it's taking longer than we expected and already cost us dearly with the sharp fall of the pound leading to rising prices.Add your name to Exit from Brexit today:  
No it isn't,  there is no final vote in a democracy. Brexit was won on lies, cheating & law breaking. It's clearer every day thay Brexit as sold cannot be delivered, it's entirely reasonable that in a democracy we have a chance to vote again. #PeoplesVote 
The Home Office has rejected a suggestion by @Janice4Brexit to fly the Union flag proudly at British ports after Brexit. What's wrong with showing a little patriotism, @SajidJavid?  Support us at  
Angry Tory associations propose recalling £4 million in loans to Tory Party HQ in response to May’s failure to deliver on the Brexit vote.“It’s a big stick to beat central office with.If you want someone’s attention, you grab their wallet!"#Brexit #EU 
Excited at the prospect of the government shaking the magic money tree and giving the police more money soon, just in time to ask them all to hit us with sticks once Brexit goes tits up. 
WATCH: leading businessman & Dragon's Den star @DuncanBannatyne said 'I'm out' to the EU in 2016. But now he's joining fellow dragon @DeborahMeaden in saying yes to a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.Everybody needs to see this. Please RT:  
1/n @iainmartin reports that the Cabinet believes the EEA does not 'deliver' the referendum result. There seem to be three possibilities here: (a) they have not read the EEAA, (b) it's been read, but with zero understanding, (c) they're insane. Any 2 or all 3 is also possible. 
There’s more than a whiff of 1914 about Brexit. A shot has been fired that looks sure to have dramatic geopolitical consequences that no one knows how to stop - unless someone finds a way to put the bullet back in the gun. My latest.  
Old Firm united as both Celtic and Rangers supporters back a Yes vote for referendum, poll reveals  @MichelleGr4h4m  something for those knuckle draggers to view. 
#Brexit is a real challenge for political mediocrity in the UK:Do you know,If it is not the EU, WHO will they blame for their own INCOMPETENCE?#FBPE #politics #EU 
We don’t rule by advisory referendum. The vote was illegal as vote leave broke the law. Most people were ill informed. Those who voted Brexit did not know which Brexit they were voting for, they certainly didn’t vote to make their lives poorer 
"The process of Brexit has been nothing but delay and fudge, made worse by the absence of strategy and little transparency. This has gone on too long. The British people are entitled to know what their future will be after March 29 2019."  
The prime minister has proposed a half-in, half-out plan for a hard Brexit that has pleased no one, least of all the electorate. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My @Independent column: 
Brexit moves to Monaco  
This is very encouraging. People are changing their minds on Brexit; and that's completely OK! We need to look at ourselves and ask, do we really want to do this? We need a #PeoplesVote :) 
We could have been in a much more controlled and less damaging Brexit had not Fox and his Brexiteer chums been in a massive hurry to enact Article 50 - without any coherent view on what Brexit meant. They’ve messed up, and now seek to evade the blame. 
'Brexit isn't helping!' Profits dive 18% at Savills  
This just exposes the great pre- referendum Brexit lie that we would be in control of our leaving the EU. The EU control all the conditions of our leaving and will impose on us what barriers they see fit. Intransigence? No, just doing business with a weaker, desperate party. 
A 'no-deal' Brexit is looming, and could spell grave uncertainty for many working in the UK's tech industry  
We continue to listen to the concerns of industry about our post-Brexit plans.Unfortunately, it’s rather repetitive - but at least it’ll stop next year. 
As well as showing a wider shift against Brexit , young people support remaining in the EU, 86% to 14%.Everyday, more people are coming to the same conclusion - the only way out of this mess is to have a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal.#FFS 
I agreed to be interviewed to explain more about the grassroots #StandUp4Brexit campaign & my input into it. Here is the result.Our goal is simple, we seek:The #Brexit that we were promisedTo bring together those of us that oppose the #ChequersPlan 
This is Jim RatcliffeHe’s UK’s richest man (£21bn)He’s pro #Brexit He’s leaving for Monaco  
Aye, the politicians play their pathetic power games while the planet burns. Brexit is nonsense, nothing but power play, and our elected representatives need to set some urgent priorities. Before it's too late... 
Dragon's Den star, Duncan Bannatyne, voted Leave in the referendum, but now he's backing a #PeoplesVote on the final deal.The government's deal won't deliver for business, for jobs or for living standards, so the people must reserve the right to reject it. Please share. 
'Brexit is set to betray working people, so I back a Final Say'  
"This poll is the first significant test of public opinion in the southwest on Brexit since the referendum and shows that attitudes are beginning to shift."  
It’s just not in the EUs interest to unpick SM just ‘cause Brits want it. “So if...UK prefers a no-deal, so be it!.. it will  reinforce the lose-lose nature of Brexit.” It will help the EU to stay stronger  
'I'm already stockpiling': readers preparing for a messy Brexit  
Calling all Social Media Influencers & Experts! Please join @TechForUK to work on projects to give the British people a #FinalSay on #Brexit! We are working with @BestForBritain:  Let’s do this! 
Every high-profile Brexit supporter has their own personal lifeboat sorted, whilst telling everyone else to stay on the ship. 
Brexit fears hit the pound, as Russian sanctions send rouble sliding – business live  
The £pound has fallen to its lowest level this yr against the $dollar AND the €euro - driven by fears of a no-deal Brexit, sterling is being sold-off in global financial markets.The result will be inceased inflation & a renewed squeeze on living standards! #StopBrexit 
Today on Victoria Derbyshire, Nigel and Jacob speak about the benefits of moving all their modest assets to Europe to assist the poor locals when UK becomes so strong after #Brexit  
Russia denies- Invading Georgia- Killing Magnitsky, Politkovskaya and Litvinenko- Invading Ukraine- Shooting down #MH17- Killing Nemtsov- Interfering in US elections- Interfering in Brexit referendum- Bombing hospitals in Syria- Novichok attack in SalisburySo unfair! 
Brexit supporter Sir Jim Ratcliffe loves the UK so much that he’s moving to Monaco  via @telebusiness 
An SNP councillor thinks that Brexit is as bad as the IRA bombing innocent women and children.  
EU ON THE BRINK: Danish eurosceptics plotting to use Brexit as blueprint to QUIT EU  
Tsk. She should be 20 points ahead in the polls. Why does she refuse to stop Brexit  
How Brexit works, Part 712:  
I want to make crystal clear that we (@britishineurope) don't have a problem with @The3Million getting free legal advice from the EC. They absolutely should. We - as EU citizens - would just like some too.Our advocacy model isn't divide & rule, it's include & support. #Brexit  
We now go live to the post-Brexit Secretary of State for Justice, Andrew “Thrasher” Lilico.  
Brexit supporter and UK wealthiest man departs for a tax haven. Why are they all such plastic patriots?  
'I'm already stockpiling': readers preparing for a messy Brexit | Politics | The Guardian  
Dominic Grieve was right about one thing in his petulant radio outburst against Boris Johnson yesterday. Yes we're in political crisis but nowt to do with Brexit. All to do with the lack of talent ballsing things up in Westminster #csm #Westminster #Grieve 
Brandon Lewis 'completely open about his expenses'. He has claimed a HUGE amount! - including contributions to the 'Hard Brexit' European Research Group #r4today... 
AIB announces 3 year sponsorship deal with DCU Brexit Institute  
The South West of England voted leave in 2016 but the latest @YouGov poll indicates the region is #remainernow as brexit reality becomes more apparent. The poll also shows growing support for a #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
Correct. And all our combined years at the criminal bar, & in legal practice generally, never witnessed crime perpetrated at such a high level against the state as Brexit, met with such utter inaction by the political elite. A political elite full of lawyers. #StopBrexit 
EXC: Tory rebel Stephen Hammond tells me MPs would block a no deal Brexit, warning Leavers in May's government there's a clear majority ready to stop it.He also said Liam Fox was being "simply naive," and much more. Full @S_Hammond interview:  
I'm now going to tweet some food facts...CHICKEN (FROZEN)World Top Frozen Chicken Exporters, 2017#1.   Brazil#2.   USA#4.   Hong Kong#6.   Thailand#7.   Turkey#8.   Ukraine#10. Argentina#12. China#13 ChileWTEx.Think that the UK will do just fine after Brexit. 
Like a lot of us I am desperate for facts and clarity. As a mum and as a citizen I’m getting more and more worried about the way Brexit is going. So my family and I are backing #PeoplesVote on the final deal. The country has to have chance to speak.@peoplesvote_uk 
What is rather sad about this comment from Roger is that he thinks that’s an endorsement of Brexit. Did he never watch “Only Fools” ? Del Boy was not well known for making good financial decisions.  
Can’t beat a good headline eh? It’s all Sturgeons fault. Everything. Brexit. Economic chaos. Plunging pound. Business leaving. She must resign! Oh ffs.  
For the past few weeks, whenever I’ve seen a tweet about a #brexit downside, I have retweeted it with #WhoVotedForThis?That’s well over 100, very varied downsides. Not one person or bot has responded to a single tweet with “I did”.Leave voters have got their heads in the sand. 
I'd prefer an MP who makes a loose remark about a burka to an MP who reneges on a Referendum promise and then reneges on a Manifesto promise. 
BBC Bosses will be in meltdown today at the Sun’s news today that in David Jason’s opinion Del Boy would have chosen to cut the EU Umbilical Cord and Vote for Brexit!Whatever would the Luvvies Make of That from the Trotter Traders!“Mange Too Bruv!” 
Any MP with any guts would say: “Brexit is a huge mistake. I cannot impoverish my constituents, my children and grandchildren. We must think again.” 
Project fear? This is the reality of trusted supply chains inside the single market. Outside the EU we won’t be part of #Europe as BMW call it, we risk our car assemble industry.#Brexit can still be stopped @peoplesvote_uk 
You couldn't make it up: Jim Ratcliffe, the UK's richest man and big supporter of Brexit, is leaving the UK and moving to...Europe!  
No woman in a burka lied to me about Brexit, saying there'd be £350m a week extra for the NHS, we'd get a cake and eat it deal and be much better off. It was a posh man in a suit who told those lies and then ran away like a spoilt child. Grow up Boris Johnson.  
Before Brexit £1 was worth €1.3051At Cardiff airport yesterday £1 got you €0.90  
Sturgeon really cannot win , did you see the sour face last week , 500 000 who supported her now want brexit along with the no to independence lot so that puts independence as likely as a swingers party at Derek mackays house . Think she’s got max 35% for it and that’s generous 
Lots of talk about an all party alliance. It needs to happen. It needs to be an alliance against Brexit or at the very least an alliance which facilitates a people’s vote. If it becomes a new political force - dare I say party, so much the better. Tories & Labour are dead.  
Theresa May is understood to be planning a top-level meeting of her cabinet ministers to discuss ways to cope with no Brexit deal  
We are back in shops today! Separating all of the facts from fiction on Brexit. Get your copy for just £2.50  
Sir David Jason says Del Boy would have backed Brexit and would see it as a 'nice little earner'  
Theresa May is facing outright rebellion at this year’s party conference, as aggrieved party members plot tactics to force her hand on #BrexitThe disconnect between the Tory grassroots and their MPs is growing Let's hope May is toppled soon  @CityAM 
Get Britain Out delivered a petition from tens of thousands of voters to Downing Street, branding the May’s blueprint for leaving the EU 'a betrayal of the referendum' which 'does not deliver #Brexit in any meaningful sense of the word'100% spot on 
EXCLUSIVE: "UK ‘MUST OBEY RULES’ SAYS THE EU" But who else in the EU does? #Brexit Facts4EU analyses the latest EU information. Read:  @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BorisJohnson 
British business has no party: it fears Brexit almost as much as it fears socialism  
The #Brexit vote was procured using the race card. Boris and his ilk knew how to leverage it and tapped into a deep seated fear amongst a sufficient minority to swing the result. He's now using it to grab headlines and get himself into No. 10. He's a vile self interested worm. 
This is not an isolated case. Many people have no idea how they will get essential meds and care after March 29. Imagine the strain this is putting on them and their families. Brexit is about more than trade.  
Referendum makes it clear that JNU wants its current VC's reign to end  
The EU is not perfect, nobody is arguing that. However Brexit is utter insanity. 
"I think that #Spain's police intelligence CNI helped plan and perpetrate the terrorist attack on #Barcelona's ramblas to make the people of #Catalonia feel vulnerable before the referendum and so more likely to vote for the protection of staying within Spain."  
To put into perspective the urgency and level of importance this country places electoral fraud, the trial date for Craig Mackinlay, who's accused of fiddling his expenses at the 2015 GENERAL ELECTION has just been set for OCTOBER 2018. 
Check out my Sheet Pan Chicken with Veggies! The secret ingredient is @ICBInotbutter because it has 70% less saturated fat than butter, but it still tastes so good! No need to stress about extra calories! #sponsored #SpreadNoDrama  
In most negotiations, being prepared to walk away is key. But Brexit talks are akin to bargaining for a parachute having already jumped out of the plane  
We live in funny, & in many ways desperately sad times. Corbyn isn’t fit to be PM & is a slur on the office of Attlee & Wilson. And having failed to beat the worst GE campaign in my lifetime he’s still in a job despite enabling Brexit. And the Tories have May or Trump-ian Boris. 
BOOM, some good news!!  the UK is turning against Brexit!  
You think MK insults the Indian flag? I thought the insult went in the opposite direction.Either way, can we therefore have a referendum so that we don't have to worry about who insults whom?  
Brexit: Pound falls lower against the dollar and euro. It’s almost like the world sees no benefits of Brexit.   
Britain's wealthiest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe, one of the few businessmen backing Brexit leaves the UK to move to Monaco. So perhaps post Brexit Britain will not be the land of milk and honey as promised?  
If Donald Trump wants to make the 2018 mid-term elections a referendum on him and his corruption, then let him do that. Don't stop him. 
In case you hadn’t noticed, @DeborahMeaden is currently doing a great job utterly savaging Brexit from business point of view.Worth reading the comments on this one for actual self-employed people, and small business owners and employees confirming her view. This is happening.  
what is amazing @keir_starmer is that with the Tories on the ropes over Brexit that you have made so little impression - instead of standing up for Apartheid Israel and bogus definitions of 'antisemitism' you might try doing the job u were appointed to  
So the BBC's chief interviewer now jumping on the mad Bannon Bojo Burka bandwagon.(As if this was really about women's choice, and not the hopes for a hard right Brexit and Johnson's career)  
'You have BETRAYED us!' Time RUNNING OUT for May as 50,000 sign Brexit petition  
Sadiq Khan HUMILIATED over Brexit as London economy SOARS: 'Drop EU OBSESSION!' - Express  
She won’t support a no deal, she wants to appease the EU. Stupid woman needs to be gone before she ruins brexit!                                      #fo2eu 
Brexit: you can't even fool Tories all of the time - what is Mrs May is even thinking about with her letter to party members? Even if she could fool them, she can't fool Brussels. And that is going to have a far more profound effect on us...  #Brexinfo. 
I'm SURE that #Wetherspoons shareholders will be simply THRILLED with this news especially after Spoons has announced profit warnings since the #Brexit vote!#TimMartin... WHAT A MUPPET.#BoycottSpoons and get your #StopBrexit beermats here! 
Honestly if Trump did this, or moved the decision to the states, he would win reelection fairly easily.  Look at how the popular referendum went in Oklahoma, the most conservative state in the country.  Time to hammer Big Pharma! 
I still can't get over final margin: Missouri's "right to work" law was killed in a popular veto referendum by an incredible 35%.And this is no partisan Dem electorate, on the contrary: of the 1.4 million voters, more chose to also vote in the GOP primary than in the Dem one.  
Fox was never that ignorant. He was lying to dupe people into supporting #Brexit. These lies have utterly perverted #Brexit democracy. They must not be allowed to go unpunished. #Jailtheleaveliars 
Nothing compared to the shambles being inflicted on a world class economy by Brexit  
“I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the EU referendum – that's why we need another Brexit vote.” #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
8.So simply put, we have done our job. The case against Brexit is clear. Any objective observer can now see clearly that a #NoDealBrexit is insane.But what do you do when MPs and party leaders  ignore the evidence? Having led the horse to water, how do you make it drink?> 
4.So yes, we kept the torch burning. But now, as the deadline approaches, there are so many more peole posting about Brexit than ever before. Politicians, celebrities, journalists, experts... People with platforms now have all the bases covered. > 
Declare dissolution of the Union subject to a referendum. Dare the British state to stand in the way. Make the initiative ours. Make the problem theirs. Stop asking how we’re going to do it. Start making them wonder how they’re going to stop us. That’s how to take back a country. 
The descent accelerates....... “One author had to give his birth certificate, marriage certificate, his daughter’s birth certificate and then go for biometric testing...." 
3/ If #Brexit is stopped by Parliament then there will be a similar response from millions of Leavers. Either way our political system will be broken by hate and anger. The only way of limiting the legacy of conflict and hate is a #PeoplesVote. 
Man quits job to spell out 'Stop Brexit' across Europe with GPS tracker  
2016 referendum casts big shadow over UK democracy.  Allows legitimacy of MPs and parliamentary sovereignty to be challenged by reference to meaning of referendum result. Badly disempowers Commons and govt., because ref result does have to be respected.  Lesson: no more refs. 
'You have BETRAYED us!' Time RUNNING OUT for May as 50,000 sign Brexit petition. The best deal is no deal. May's efforts will tie us into the EU for ever, prevent deals with countries like USA , Australia etc. Puts the EU court above our own and is not what we voted for. 
THIS is a huge referendum on whether Cuomo will approve of any substantive criminal justice reform if he's re-elected with a Dem majority in the legislature. If he doesn't sign this (a bi-partisan bill calling for oversight of prosecutors), voters will know where he stands.  
This is not about the burka, it's all about #Brexit.Does anyone doubt this phoney outrage is being orchestrated against@BorisJohnson by 10 Downing Street?#StandUp4Brexit 
Project Fear. Out to damage the currency. They don’t care. They only want to derail Brexit at ALL costs  
Calling Sinn Fein.You could do so very much to help prevent #Brexit.Please bury all hatchets and help.Europe needs you. 
“The ‘syndicate’ capitalising on Brexit chaos”#voteleavebrokethelaw #VoteLeave 
Wetherspoon launch BREXIT BEERMAT to tout benefits of leaving and BLAST unelected Juncker  
Sadiq Khan CALLED OUT over Brexit as London economy SOARS: 'Drop EU OBSESSION!'  Focus on knife Crime instead in London!  
We all know brexit will destroy the nation, running lives, steal futures and ring the death knell of the NHS. Time to  #StandUp2Brexit#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
'You have BETRAYED us!' Time RUNNING OUT for May as 50,000 sign Brexit petition  
'One was told he had too much money and it looked suspicious for a short trip. Another was told she didn’t have enough, so she transferred £500 into the account – and then was told that £500 looked suspicious.' Brexit Britain clearly open to the world... 
At the moment the excuse for delaying the referendum is that we have to wait until we see the Brexit 'deal'. The next excuse will be that we have to wait until we see how the EU member states respond. The next excuse will be... 
Oh dear.The Nats are revolting.Sturgeon's pretence of calling a referendum at some future date is not going down too well!  
Well done Wetherspoon, my family shall continue to enjoy ourselves in your establishments x JD Wetherspoon launches new 'Brexit beer mats' supporting 'No Deal'  via  
The state of Britain today.Tolerance of foreigners is at an all time low, with anyone finding any excuse to feel superior. IMHO this is a lot of what Brexit was about. Little Englanders wanting to feel superior irrespective of level of education. Very similar to US videos on SM.  
Starved of publicity after Brexit, UKIP have resorted to ransacking bookshops as part of their alt-right rebirth.@hopenothate 
Oh, yes. They’ve been doing this since the referendum. Plastic bags, trade deals, you name it. They are liars and continually show that their interest is solely electoral success at the expense of the greater good of the people they wheedle that they represent. Cowards and shits.  
Lets dig for #Brexit  
Not a chance Wilder has signed anyone called Juanpi. Just not having it. Brexit blades we are here. Announce Jonathon Hogg and Lee Gregory. 
#r4today & #NewsnightWhen you interview Brexiteers please can you ask them the extent to which this influences their desire for #Brexit?The EU's Anti Tax Avoidance Directive might sit rather uncomfortably alongside the multi-millions of rich Brexiters. 
Number 10, CCHQ and Remainer Tory MPs know #Boris is the main threat to their soft Brexit. That is what this is what this burka row is all about...Remainers Twist Knife Into Boris  
Thursday’s GUARDIAN: “Pound slides as no-deal Brexit fears prompt global selloff” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday  (via @AllieHBNews) 
Jacob Rees-Mogg publishes his #Brexit manifesto THE RETURN TO SERFDOM  
This is an agreement between the EU and Taiwan @LiamFox which lapses for the UK on 29 March 2019. You are dishonest to say that it can be worth anything for the UK over 5 years (until 2023?) unless you have a secret plan to cancel Brexit.  
If you're sick and tired from arguing about Brexit, just look at how Alison Moyet handles it  
For Two years i have been abused.I am a white Geordie heterosexual male.I am called a knuckle dragging stupid,racist,mysoginist for voting Brexit.I am  do not think for a minute I have gone.I am stronger,wise and better than you Liberal appeasement people. 
Duncan Bannatyne, who previously supported leaving the EU, now supports our calls for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.Join the fastest growing movement in British politics by visiting  today.Please retweet! 
'Referendum' in 2020 will put international pressure on the Indian government to offer Sikhs a vote on #Khalistan 
I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum – that's why we need another Brexit vote 
Great to see @DuncanBannatyne joining fellow Dragon @DeborahMeaden in support of a #Peoplesvote on the final #Brexit deal @peoplesvote_uk 
So let’s walk this through:If “they need us nore than we need them”......and a “no-deal” would hurt the EU more than us, as Rees-Mogg would have you believe...Then why does news of a likely no-deal Brexit mean the Pound falls against the Euro?#SimpleLogic 
I live in Yorkshire. At the time of #Indyref I was strongly in favour of the Union. But seeing how Westminster has acted since the Brexit vote, I have to say, stuff the Union. Save yourselves, Scotland! You'd be better off without Westminster. Then again, so would Yorkshire. 
I also want this to be a roaring success. Please support @Labour4EU in its endeavours to bring about a change in Labour’s Brexit policy.  
Underlying the Johnson saga lies the bigger truth: Brexit is a right wing populist coup that its instigators want to build on - but dont have the political capital just yet. Islamophobia is one more avenue. Its why we must stop Brexit which will turn us into a country we are not. 
Guardian front page, Thursday 9 August 2018: Pound slides as no-deal Brexit fears prompt global selloff  
Johnson, like Trump, is tapping into nasty, dangerous instinctsHe is deflecting from his own disaster, BrexitHe is telling people that their problems are fault of "the other"He is supported by coalition of the very rich, the rich & those who feel left behind & are struggling 
Wethserspoons boss Tim Martin backs “no deal” Brexit on 500,000 beer mats. Cheers! ⁦@WestmonsterUK⁩ 
The fact that we haven't banned the #Burka etc. but Belgium has, rather spoils the "we can't make our own laws" argument, doesn't it? #Brexit 
Boring video moment:no trains for 40 mins and 5 lanes of trucks-backing up to the booths near the M20–and only 1 freight Train  to be seen on the rails.. 40 MINUTES and the train is stuffed for hours- luckily I pulled a cheeky and went on the tourist .. imagine post brexit ...  
Sterling drops on Brexit fears, dollar index dips  
‘Crashed’ Connects the Dots From 2008 Crisis to Trump, Brexit and More  
If you want to have the final say before a disastrous hard #Brexit is forced on our communities, please join us in Bristol this Saturday to launch the South West campaign for a #PeoplesVote 
We want our pro-EU event at Labour Conference to be a roaring success. We want to speak to every delegate and to offer every delegate our leaflets, our t-shirts, our stickers, our flags. We need to influence a change in Labour Brexit Policy.Help Us  
The LADYBIRD BOOK OF THE RUSSIA TROLL Part of the, #brexit characters series  
£10mn a year.... UK agrifood exports to the EU in 2017 was £6.3bn..... £145mn to Sweden alone, £267mn to Italy, £795mn to the Netherlands! Some #brexit dividend  
New report on #London-Number of jobs reaches all time high-Unemployment nears record low-Business confidence up-Wage growth & productivity remain (long-term) challenges-But London ... "remains buoyant despite Brexit"The Centre for London 
Wetherspoon launch BREXIT BEERMAT to tout benefits of leaving and BLAST unelected Juncker  
Dover custom checks could be suspended in event of #Brexit gridlock. An odd definition of controlling our borders, but no doubt it was on the side of the red bus. #PeoplesVote  via @siobhankennedy4 
Sterling plunges to 2018 lows as Brexit unease builds  
This is #Brexit Tomorrow’s Guardian  
A group of senior British officials has been tasked with keeping the Irish border free of customs checks if there's no Brexit deal, source says  
Dear followers....I do apologise. I will spend the next couple of months taking a stand for a new #PeoplesVote as the threat of #brexit has become too large to ignore. Follow me for what it means for  #import and #export as we will struggle to get NHS supplies into the country. 
Nicola Sturgeon has spoken the words I dreaded to hear. When asked about plans for a second referendum she says only that ‘it depends’. | It depends  via @BerthanPete #CringeNoMore #DissolveTheUnion 
Absolutely agree & evidence to both @CommonsHealth inquiries on #Brexit & health was compelling. Damage from hard Brexit is about far more than WTO rules  
Wetherspoon launch BREXIT BEERMAT to tout benefits of leaving and BLAST unelected Juncker  
A no-deal Brexit would be a disaster for the UK science community  
BIAFRA: LET US SYNERGIZE AGAINST OUR ENEMIES AS WE AWAIT OUR REFERENDUM DATE A very popular Ethiopian proverb says "when spiders unite, they can tie down a lion". And according to the statement of Sukarno, "we must all build national unity, build........ 
Despite its economic strength, London is exporting more people than it attracts.Here's more on how the fallout from the EU referendum is affecting the UK's capital city:  
Sadiq Khan CALLED OUT over Brexit as London economy SOARS: 'Drop EU OBSESSION!'  Oh dear, Khan is wrong again but there we are used to it now. Kick him out get a pàtriot.  
As are your meetings with white supremacist Stephen K Bannon....okay you first. 
93% of JNU teachers voted in a referendum demanding JNU VC mamidala’s removal.Makes it clear, JNU community says no to an RSS stooge n a puppet VC destroying the ethos of our university. #StandWithJNU 
Psychopaths are untroubled by being caught out peddling falsehoods. Maybe Johnson isn't a psychopath, but he does an excellent job at acting like one.#Brexit #Peoplesvote 
Spineless Theresa Sméagol Gollum May refuses to give Bozo the racist clown the boot!!Every pore in the Tory Party reeks of Islamaphobia, fear of the other, tools for power, Brexit Austerity, the Daily Racist the Daily ShitShow.. pic.twitter.com/c0dhvDk5oS 
Wetherspoon boss promises lower prices after a ‘no deal’ Brexit and says we should not pay EU £39bn 'divorce bill'  
Peter Hargreaves,billionaire donor to Leave, will guarantee the UK his £3.6 billion that a hard Brexit will mean free trade with Europe. How come a man so ignorant makes billions with an digital financial trading platform? Instead of public influence,he should be investigated. 
Boris remarks on a subject unrelated to Brexit, Remainer MPs are outraged, Brexiter MPs back him. What a wonderful example of Parliamentary sincerity. UK politicians are farcical drones. 
Project fear alert. Hard brexit will lead to rotting fish on the quayside.Reality. Our fishermen can sell all the fish they fish to the UK market post Brexit, with no border checks required, then sell their surplus catch abroad if they wish. Simple. 
I agree that Brexit has shown up multiple faults in the UK Constitution and political system. I've become more sympathetic to PR for Parliament, a written constitution with a Constitutional Court and national Referendums to have thresholds and supermajorities to name a few.  
Fraud unravels everything: #Brexit is voidable and Article 50 can be revoked  
Similar to the inability of both of you to accept the result of the referendum. Bad losers  
Theresa May is understood to be planning a top-level meeting of her cabinet ministers to discuss ways to cope with no Brexit deal  
 Your #England #UKOnce A Upon A Time Humor#goodolddays Gone Now  @theresa_may #MUKGARemove #MayNot #Leave#Brexit #StayStrong #TommyRobinson  
Another indicator of DEM enthusiasm.  Makeup of the Missouri primary normally skews heavily GOP, this time it was much closer.  The 'Right to Work' referendum likely aided Democratic turnout.  Also example #2 today of "land doesn't vote" #MOprimary #MOSen 
Why join For Britain? Well...- You CHOOSE your monthly subscription cost - Join a party with 40+ branches, and GROWING - We TELL THE TRUTH - We're the party for post-Brexit Britain Help us change politics forever. Get on board! 
Boris the Jedi !!#BorisJohnson #Boris4PM #Brexit #EU 
Brexit uncertainty chills senior staff job market in UK  
Your problem @IainDale, and other decent Brexitteers like yourself, is that racism won it for you, however much you pretend people voted on "sovereignty"The Brexit press, Farage and others endlessly stoked up hatred of "migrants" You and Brexit are tarred with that filthy brush  
When Brexit is over, who should we go to war with? 
Brexit could cost Scottish economy £16bn a year – report  If correct this could endanger the Union in future. 
Consultant Andy Pardy packed in his job, bought a van and embarked on a very unusual anti-Brexit mission  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of CONSPIRING WITH THE FAR RIGHT.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
It's 191 days since Govt reports showed the country is poorer after any Brexit.We can't think of a single serving Minister or Shadow Minster who has spoken this truth to the country. In a Parliamentary democracy, that just can't be right.#PeoplesVote 
1 million on waiting lists and Mr Abortion offers abortion services to women in the North. What's worse is that people voted for him and they voted for his abortion referendum. Did they expect different?#WeStandForLife #ivoteno 
The case for Boris as PM, plus Brexit, just became pretty much unanswerable.Win-Win.  
Why one man is driving 30,000km to spell out Brexit message  
If this election becomes a referendum on guns, that’s fine with me. I own a gun and I support the Second Amendment. I also support background checks that work and red flag laws. I am a Texan. Dan Patrick is not one of us. #CanDan #txlege 
Apparently the FCO has not given any guidance to the UK embassies in Slovakia, Hungary & Austria about how to deal with #Brexit & Brits living in those countries. This is on top of the news that the EU Commission isn't going to provide any dedicated local support for us either.  
I know my followers are good, true Europeans. So lets do a poll on #Brexit. Do you want: 
I  warned  you  about  #Brexit  the  sandwich  famine  is  real  and  no  more  dairylea  dunkers  for  you   
Find out how YOU can stand up to Brexit this summer by joining our Summer Campaign. 
Are you one of the 1.5 million strong NHS? And do you believe - like me and 83% of NHS doctors - that Brexit is bad for the NHS?If so, *please* sign & RT the open letter below.We can stop this. My patients are already being harmed.#NHSagainstBrexit 
We strongly believe that everyone affected by Brexit should have a say. Our campaign gives a voice to those disenfranchised by the lack of vote, we hope to ensure that any other referendum is a #FinalSayForAll  
Just a few transparent  vote leave lies that no leave voter ever listened to because leave voters aren't stupid so in no way affected the result of the #brexit referendum in anyway whatsoever.  @james_lawler1 
Brexit is a compilation of the worst fucking ideas, implemented with utmost incompetence by the worst fucking people.Sometimes it just needs to be said. 
We are pleased to announce that no deal #Brexit planning is now being headed up by Sir Clive Sinclair the inventor of the Sinclair C5 so we're in safe hands!#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival 
Nicola Sturgeon almost certainly won't announce the date of Indyref2 in October. She'll give May a 'final warning'. Sturgeon has *always* said the situation was fluid. Remember also that a snap GE against a Brexit backdrop is likely and will burst the Ruth Davidson myth. 
So how did unions crush Missouri's 'right-to-work' law by referendum last night by a 2-1 margin? Knocking on 800,000 doors probably had something to do with it...  
Or try and make anything of it, actually.  A bunch of lazy airheads were highly paid and given the power, money and facilities to negotiate Brexit and ended up with nothing but the most gigantic and total failure in British history. 
This is how the BBC resets the narrative. The story is Brexit and Theresa May's refusal to be interviewed when in Scotland. This, and Ruth's similar refusal to face interview, must not be allowed to dominate the news. Hence a contrived story about an Indyref2 delay.  
On Twitter recently, a Scottish nationalist suggested that @scotlandinunion’s @HappyBritScot should explain Brexit from a Scottish perspective. Here's Alastair's response: 
Yes there has. The Leave campaign was found to have undertaken illegal activity during the referendum campaign and the case has been passed to the Met. You make my point well. If there was so much medlding then of course we should have another #peoplesvote 
#DominicGrieve  If Boris Johnson becomes Conservative leader Dominic Grieve will leave the party. Good let’s hope he becomes leader. You don’t stop trying to stop Brexit everyday you idiot. With that smug face, every time your on TV trying to derail Brexit. Were leaving OK.  
We underestimated EU control of the UK. Westminster is dominated by EU Nationalists who will do almost anything they can to destroy UK self-determination and freedom. They know their careers are toast if Brexit happens. Selfishness on a gargantuan scale. This is the bitter truth 
I'm guessing there is no way we can get you to #StandUp4Brexit and ditch the #ChequersPlan for a clean #Brexit then Anna? @StandUp4Brexit 
BFE: It took TWO YEARS for the cabinet to agree a plan and TWO DAYS for it to fall apart. There is NO PLAN B. Even Liam Fox now admits we're heading for a catastrophic NO DEAL BREXIT which benefits no-one. What more do you need? Sign the petition today!   
BREAKING NEWS: Following ongoing EU effort Taiwan is preparing to open its market to EU pork and of course this includes British pork - at the moment. After Brexit who knows?! Sick of the half truths.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum  
When the #Brexit #ChequersPlan is so much of a #BrexitBetrayal they spend around £70k writing to party members with spin & lies.There will be movement of people, ECJ will have a hold over us & we will still pay. I can’t believe the absolute lies in this #StandUp4Brexit 
Excited to announce that I’m organising a lecture series at @CourtauldStudy called ‘Artists on Brexit’, starting with Rita Duffy who will be speaking about her feminist response to Brexit and the Irish Border (18 October 2018):  
Meet the man who's writing 'Stop Brexit' across Europe with a van and GPS tracker  
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: “I always thought, and I still believe, that Brexit was positive economically and psychologically for the nation" 
He did more than anyone else to deliver Brexit. He ran away when it became impossible to pretend it was going to end well. He thinks abusing  Muslim women will still endear him to a base too thick & hate-filled to realise how completely he’s conned them. He’s probably right. 
Ben Bradshaw - What about the #BrexitDividend? Professor Chris Ham(King's Fund) - I think we would share the scepticism your chair has expressed about whether there will be a brexit dividend.Sarah Wollaston called the brexit dividend absolute tosh#FBPE 
Missouri has become the first state to repeal a “right to work” law by referendum.  
Not content with dividing the country through Brexit and making us an international laughing stock as Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson now calculatedly appeals to the lowest common denominator by mocking Muslims. He is a national disgrace and unfit for public office. 
@RobertBuckland we’re out canvassing views on brexit in your constituency and people don’t seem to think it’s going well and want a #PeoplesVote on the final deal 
Many people still unaware exactly the extent to which Britain had been used by EU as a cash machine for their continental projects. Am looking forward to spending British taxpayers money in Britain #Brexit  
Great results in last night’s primaries & in MO’s referendum. Now we enter the final push till November. Join @DemSocialists & register (or reregister) to vote:  Racist vote-suppressing GOP state govts may have struck you from voter rolls. 
A major supporter of the Leave campaign has slammed the government's handling of negotiations, saying there "isn't one person on our Brexit team who has a clue"  It's clear that we need a #PeoplesVote. Sign and share the petition: 
The people voted based on an illegally funded campaign based on disinformation and deliberate lies.  After which it became clear there was no plan for Brexit at all.  All anyone is asking for now is a chance to vote on what Brexit will actually mean based on facts and clear plans 
Conservatives should be shaken by Missouri's referendum rolling back R2W. The right to choose association and not have money confiscated by an institution to which you don't belong is a matter of personal liberty. With a Dem resurgence on the state level, it's just the beginning. 
'@BorisJohnson is now the only #Brexiteer who could rescue #BREXIT & win an #Election. His opponents hate him for this. They would rather tie us to the #EU as a #vassalstate for however long & at whatever cost. But that cost would include the destruction of the @Conservatives! 
This is the excellent chap I was talking about on air today. He’s something of an expert but his threads also highlight how little time we’re all devoting to the excruciating detail of a No-Deal Brexit. Truckers & the haulage industry under the microscope today...  
What has happened to London's economy since the Brexit vote in 2016? We look at the impact in 5 charts  
“Im personally thrilled, as are our students, that @RosieDuffield1 has listened to the overwhelming majority of her young constituents views, and is backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.”@theaaronrt on why @KentUnion back their local MP. #FFS 
Brexit angle of the year. Award won, everyone else stop now.  
I was one of the 700,000 British people denied a vote in the first EU referendum – that's why we need another Brexit vote.@Bremaininspain @Britishineurope @InLimboBrexit @BrexpatsHOV @BrExpatsEU 
This is possible that saddest moment of an unfortunate career. The disgraced former defence minister and hard Brexit advocate Fox is now claiming a deal done by the EU as a win. A deal we'll lose if we do the hard Brexit he is calling for. Brexit is for mugs.  
Brexit Derangement Syndrome Latest: Remainer Quits Job to Draw "Stop Brexit" Across Europe  
#TheresaMay apparently expects the #EU to panic at the thought of #nodeal and to accept her TURD plan. The EU meanwhile expect more #concessions from her. #PeterHargreaves, a pro-#Brexit billionaire, says he would bet his fortune on a #freetradetreaty after no deal. Phoney War! 
today marks the 2 year anniversary of The Real Brexit, which was when West Ham released their limited-edition Thames Ironworks kit and fascism in Britain became absolutely normal  
This typifies the #Brexit mess the Tories have got Scotland into!  
Can we talk about Brexit voting fraud again - or something other than 'ACCUSATIONS' of anti-Semitism and IslamophobiaThis is an agenda that is being set for us.We do NOT have to follow it only and ignore our cruel, incompetent, racist and corrupt Hard-Right Conservative Govt.  
Facts don't lie....Tories do!!!Scotland must wake up to the Tory establishment lies!!Time for a change#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence#DesolveTheUnion 
A no-deal Brexit would be a disaster for the UK science community - op-ed by Nobel Prize winner and president of the Royal Society, Venki Ramakrishnan 
Sterling plunges to 2018 lows as Brexit unease builds  
Former Conservative MP @carmichaelneil_ on a people's vote as a way out of the Brexit morass:  
Woah, @wallaceme says Tories have spent £70,000+ of funds on trying to sell the Brexit-In-Name-Only Chequers Plan. Cash spent on a deal that a majority of the fee-paying membership reject outright.If there's owt the Party under May can get wrong, it will. 
I am looking forward to speaking at the #PeoplesVote rally in #Bristol this weekend with @vincecable @sarahwoolaston and the awesome defender of our NHS against threats from #Brexit Dr Laura Gavangham (@DancingTheMind) #PeoplesVoteSW [via @aw_bell] 
Remember when a former Foreign Secretary made some remarks about women wearing the burka and it barely raised an eyebrow because he wasn't a hate figure for his views on #Brexit ?#Boris #BorisJohnson #burka 
Embattled high street sees a 1000 jobs at risk as Homebase owner plans to close 60 stores. Comes as House of Fraser seeks funding to avert collapse with a further 17,500 jobs at risk.Wonder if the staff fancy picking crops, might be only jobs left post #Brexit 
Great, the sooner the better given his betrayal of 17.4m Brexit voters. 
It’s an EU agreement. If we Brexit it will no longer apply to the U.K.  
Dominic Grieve does not accept the majority vote when we vote for #BrexitDominic Grieve won't accept the vote of his own party's members, if they vote in Boris as Leader.Dominic Grieve is perfectly happy however to accept the majority vote when he's elected as a MP#Hypocrite 
When a developed economy raises interest rates and its currency falls it's clear that financial experts around the world are convinced that its underlying strategy is severely flawed. ie #BrexitPound falls lower against the dollar and euro -  
On the one hand, Brexit is obviously terrible. On the other hand, turning the UK into a failed state with no functioning economy is probably the single biggest CO2 emissions reduction that our government could hope to achieve, so swings and roundabouts. 
Nadine Dorries is rightTory Remainers who pretend to respect the result of the 2016 referendum are using the burka as a pretext to bash Boris, who they don't want as PM because he now seems to offer the best (if not only) hope of delivering #Brexit 
At the next General Election we should ask of our MPs “what did you do for Brexit” if the answer is “campaign to overturn it”we must not give them our vote, draining the swamp will give us a better class of representation. 
Wetherspoon produce 500,000 new Brexit beer mats  
BREAKING NEWS this new pork deal is EU-lead and won’t apply to U.K. if we leave EU.Liam Fox is trying to give the impression that this new arrangement is somehow part of his post Brexit master plan.He’s put a new meaning to the phrase “Trust me, I’m a doctor”WE DON’T!#liar 
Only a few days until Brexit is suddenly panicking because it’s spent the summer arsing around and hasn’t revised for its resit exams 
Tragi-comic. The ‘agreement’ Fox refers to and boasts about was negotiated by the EU and we only benefit from it as an EU member. If we Brexit it’s all back to zilch. #cantmakeitup 
Voters now just want ministers to get on with with Brexit - including 48% of remainers 
Brexit will hit Scotland's GDP by up to 10% according to new analysis produced by the Scottish Government - that's more than THREE times the hit it took during the 2008 financial crisis.This would be devastating for Scottish families. Please share. 
Please join the @BremainInSpain Council in demanding a #FinalSay on #Brexit! Don't let Dictator May have it all her own way!  
Tweets re. situation in #Catalonia that say: "I'm not pro-indy, but I don't agree with the repression"We don't care whether you're pro-indy or not.We support people's right 2 democratically & privately decide through a #referendum. That's why we held one against all odds. 
“Denial verging on the delusional.” @JeremyWarnerUK in @Telegraph on #brexit no deal realities.  
Oh dear a Jeremy Corbyn supporter decided to mute me the second I asked for the procedure for importing 32 pallets of oranges when we’re outside the customs union - as she seems to think  we can grow them post brexit .. she’ll be selling turnips dresses in a sack trading pebbles 
MPP Mitize Hunter spoke at a rally two weeks ago protesting Doug Ford's decision to slash Toronto City Council. Now she's endorsing John Tory who admitted he supports a smaller council & suggested a referendum even though its time to do so had passedWhere do you stand Mitizie?  
House prices could plummet by 33% if we have a no-deal Brexit, according to Mark Carney. I don't believe him, but here's to hoping!  
See the remoaners/ @peoplesvote_hq doing their up most to overturn Brexit by politicised lobbying of the @metpoliceuk @NCA_UK @Arron_banks desperate stuff lol  
This headline needs editing to more accurately reflect the public moodBrits are exhausted and exasperated by Theresa May's dithering, shambolic handling of #Brexit negotiations#ChuckChequers 
So true!! .@LaylaMoran#brexit #FBPE #LibDems 
I remind all voters that today is the first day of early voting for the Aug. 25 county flood bond referendum! All Harris County voters are eligible to vote. I hope they do! Election Day is Aug. 25. More info at  #HurricaneHarvey 
Brexit will simultaneously reduce the availability of food and increase childhood obesity.  
BMW to build €1 billion car factory in Hungary @EURACTIV  Part of a strategy to make where you sell. Note Brexit Britain!@LaylaMoran 
Pound dives below $1.29 for first time in a year as fears grow of a no-deal Brexit  
Britain’s economy has slowed to a standstill, largely because of Brexit  
We go live to #Brexit  
Sunlit Uplands....... 
Women aged 18-24 voted overwhelmingly to remain in the EU. They are also among the greatest demographics to be impacted by #Brexit. We need a #PeoplesVote to ensure that women’s voices are heard! Please RT. 
"People with rare diseases will miss out most." Brexit is no joke.#HealthierIN #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Glad to see Jeremy standing up for Arsenal supporters having a say in the running of the club. How about a say on Brexit too? Maybe supporters of a few other clubs as well 
It's not that people are not buying stuff causing Homebase to close stores, it's just that they're not buying from Homebase.(Posting this because inevitably this will be somehow blamed on Brexit by Remoaners). 
As Theresa May commemorates WW1 she should reflect on the fact that the #EU was originally founded after WW2 in part to prevent the continent of Europe ever again being riven by wars & the slaughter of millions. #bbcnews #Amiens100 #Brexit 
Brexit will lock Britain into decline. The next 50 years will be some of the worst in our history. Poverty, increased crime, massive unemployment and civil unrest beckon. We voted for this? Of course not. We will have to take matters into our own hands - and SOON. 
Theresa May Planning Cabinet Summit on No-Deal Brexit 
Nobel prize winning biologist and president of the Royal Society highlights risks to science of a no-deal #brexit. We need a #PeoplesVote to give the public a vote on the final #brexit deal:  
Absolutely not!  #Brexit is a betrayal of the country.  Leaving the EU without delivering a single one of the Brexitter's promises would be a betrayal of Leave voters too.A clear majority now want a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain 
'Brexhaustion' is May's ally and the enemy of #brexit . Stay focussed. #StandUp4Brexit 
BREAKINGDominic Grieve on #WATO says he'll quit the party if Boris is LeaderGrieve does not consider Boris as a fit and proper person to lead the Tories.More Tories will now vote for Boris to get rid of #Brexit traitor GrieveAfter 18 mins.@GuidoFawkes 
If the young were told the truth about the EU and how it was created and  by whom and how Britain was dragged into it on false pretences #Brexit  would have won by 90% to 10% ratio in the EU Referendum. But they are  told lies so they don't know how evil the whole project is. 
Just get on with it! Poll reveals most British voters no longer care how or when we leave the EU, as 48 per cent of Remainers admit they 'just want Brexit over and done with'  
London’s economy shrugs off effects of Brexit vote  
13/ Someof the issues above could be dealt with by businesses themselves if the took the appropriate steps. However, if 60% of the UK's truck driver population shows up at the Paris Driver Certification Center on Brexit Day 1, it's not going to go well. /Thread 
8/ Regular bus services between EU Member States require a special authorization. Brexit: all authorizations involving the United Kingdom are no longer valid.  
If people vote to stop Brexit the question will obviously come up: "Were Brexiters wrong and Remainers right?"On balance BOTH were wrong. Remainers only argued that the status quo was good enough. Wrong.Brexiters were right that change is necessary, but it was the wrong change. 
The Tories have destroyed Britain with the twin plagues of austerity and #Brexit.  
Summary:1. A no-deal Brexit would be a disaster for Our Science Community.2. For example, 97% of Our Climate Scientists might have to get real jobs.3. And Our Prof. Brian Cox might be reduced to reforming D:Ream.4. Talk about Things Can Only Get *Worse*!5. That's all, folks!  
Brexiters keep on saying the UK should import only skilled migrants. They are deluded. Highly talented and skilled workers choose where to live. Many will not choose a hostile UK where they would be treated as barely tolerated intruders. #Brexit #Peoplesvote #StopBrexit 
A new watchdog supposed to safeguard the UK’s environment after Brexit will lack the legal “teeth” necessary to hold the government to account  
For those asking, the European Commission's outpost in the UK has a budget to provide legal advice to EU nationals about their rights after #Brexit but there are no plans to fund a similar service for British nationals in the EU27 - that's up to the member states/embassies.  
James O'Brien has two simple questions to make Brexit-supporters look foolish over their desire for a no-deal Brexit.@mrjamesob | #Brexit  
Loving that sign the protestor is holding.And the article, by the President of the @royalsociety, is bang on too. A ‘no deal’ Brexit means no deal for science... and that undermines one of Britain’s greatest strengths.  
With State Pension Age changes women now must work to age 66+. Our social care system was already in chaos prior to the Brexit vote. Changes to State Pension Age will exacerbate the social care problem in the care of elderly relatives/grandchildren#statepension #socialcare 
The #OH12 race was supposed to be a referendum on Trump's presidency. Democrats poured in millions of dollars & used every tool they had, yet Republicans still won. November will be a Republican wave & all we have to do is vote. #WednesdayWisdom 
Genuinely cancelled my sky subscription today and cited @skynews’s Brexit bias and Burley’s actions as the reason. They messaged me that they can’t be responsible for a single reporters actions.  
The UK finds itself in an absurd situation. Brexit is the proposed solution to problems that don't actually exist but will significantly worsen the problems that do exist. #StopBrexit #StandUp2Brexit 
Brexit...who cares...  
LabourDrop Corbyn Advocate a second referendum for a people’s choiceYou’ve won the next election Simples  
If the World Trade Org trading rules are so good. Why does any country bother with  Free Trade Agreement?#FBPE#Brexit#PeoplesVote 
I just signed a letter telling the Government that, as an NHS professional, we won't stand for Brexit. Join me!  via @HealthierIn 
A no-deal Brexit would mean that the UK will have no say in the licensing and authorising of medicines used across the country. Still think we're "taking back control"?  
Anti-Brexit politicians from all the main parties are in secret talks about forming a new 'centrist' movement  These are the MP's that want our UK under the control Laws Rules & Regulations of the Federal EU Republic. Mark their names dont vote for them. 
U.K. CABINET SAID TO PLAN NO-DEAL BREXIT MEETING IN SEPTEMBER 
It’s getting worse as Brexit draws closer. You’re right, we need to pull together to keep people safe and to maintain our values as a tolerant, outward looking society. 
Support for May's handling of Brexit falls to record low 
The SNP are sowing the politics of Division? What is Brexit, 'Feed The World' 2018? The Tories and Labour can't pin any of this on the SNP. Brexit has divided the country and for what? LOSS and SUFFERING for years to come. TreezaBoo has lost the plot. 
I had the opportunity to interview politician Anne Marie Waters, leader of the For Britain party. We discussed Brexit,  big failures of mainstream media, religious influence, Tommy Robinson and much more. @AMDWaters @ForBritainParty#Brexit #politics 
Sanctimonious Anti #Brexit #Conservative #MP #DominicGreave says he’ll leave the #ConservativeParty if @BorisJohnson becomes #Leader of the @Conservatives. Yet another good reason to back #BorisJohnsonfor #PM! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart 
Just because you are bored with Brexit doesn’t mean that Brexit is bored with you.  
Imagine the scenes at Remain HQ:"We told them they'd have no sandwiches and it hasn't stopped them.""Tell them they'll starve to death in months if we leave the EU""And if that doesn't work?""Tell them cannibalism is next!"#brexit #ProjectFear 
The majority of members of the #ConservativeParty demand a change from the defeatist pathetic politics of @theresa_may! @BorisJohnson for #PM and Leader of the @Conservatives for #Brexit & #Britain! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #TORY @BrexitStewart #BorisJohnson 
Of all the threats facing Britain during World War II, it was the U-boat peril that frightened Churchill the most. The German blockade in the Atlantic was no joke.But we survived, beat the Nazis and fed our people.But Brexit? Well, Brexit will kill us.  
Brexit 'no-deal' fears send pound to lowest level in almost a year  
Northern Irish students’ organisation calls for referendum on Brexit deal  
WATCH: Keith @RemainerNow voted leave in 2016 and is now campaigning for a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal. Share your stories of why we need a #PeoplesVote: 
letter back from vince (i asked him to do more to help the fight against Brexit, especially during the supposed "Summer of Action"); he advises that "There will be plenty of party political campaigning in the conference season, which will soon be upon us." brilliant.  
The Environmental 'Protection' Agency (as it has now become, in scare-quotes) licenses the production of goods with materials that are banned in the EU but, if Brexit happens, will be imported to the UK. - 'Ah! How one loves the smell of asbestos dust in the morning!'  
Brexit uncertainty chills senior staff job market in UK  
A positive vision for taxpayers post Brexit Cut VAT to 17.5 per cent, with a review after one year Cut Corporation Tax cut to 10 per cent  Scrap HS2  Expand both Heathrow & Gatwick  Relax planning laws so more houses can be built  
The 2-party system has utterly failed the nation. To save it from a brexit catastrophe a rainbow alliance is needed of politicians who put the country before their party.  
Pressure is building on UK opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn to switch course and back a referendum on whatever Brexit deal the government reaches with the European Union  
Expert Schools James O'Brien On Brexit With Evidence-Based Facts . JOB afters yes of B's on EU told facts. #leavenow 
Can anyone in Government explain why, in light of what we read here, Brexit has not been stopped and full criminal proceedings are not already happening in relation to these point? "Long Read: The Arron Banks allegations  via @Channel4News 
Your lunchtime read: the man writing 'Stop Brexit' across Europe with a van and GPS tracker  
Missouri's right-to-work law was passed by the state's Republican-controlled legislature last year and would have banned compulsory union fees. About 2/3 of voters rejected the law in last night's referendum.  
'No deal' Brexit fears push sterling below $1.29 for first time in a year  
The @Conservatives need a new Leader who believes in #BREXIT and #BRITAIN, This Country can no longer stomach the defeatist EU weasel @theresa_may #MayMustGo! @BorisJohnson Your Country  needs You!   #Britain! #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #BorisJohnson 
"Hard Brexit will leave fish rotting on quayside" Fact check on my App DoorstepEU:  
.@SteveBakerHW:“We must show the courage to leave the #EU in a way of which we can be proud...that involves vision, ambition, determiniation, courage and getting on with this”#StandUp4Brexit#Brexit#ChequersMeansCorbyn@StandUp4Brexit 
Want to know more about the deregulated utopia the Brexit elite want for us? Just look at what their pal Trump is doing. Here’s to the return of blue passports and asbestos!  
Nigel Farage: Given the Conservative Party leader is chosen from amongst paid up Tory Party members, having made these comments it makes [Boris] more likely to become Tory Party leader & not less.People are sick to death of a very PC PM.#Brexit #EU 
Ministers have been blasted for throwing away vital leverage in Brexit negotiations by dishing out massive contracts worth millions of pounds to EU firms 
The referendum was a fraud. It is now the basis for violent change. This is illegitimate This is unstable This is wrong.   
UK politics is currently a trashfire battle of Labour v Tories over who is least xenophobic. It's high time they sorted out their problems and started putting the national interest before their own. Where is the opposition to a hard Brexit? Where is the vision? Where is the hope? 
Want to know why everything will be more expensive -The Brexit effect has already started. As the £ falls/devalues Petrol, oil, wheat, Fruit and yes Foreign holidays  get more expensive.Blame #Conservatives and #Labour for supporting Brexit.#BrexitDividend #FBPE  .@BBCBreaking 
According to top lawyers, the watchdog that is supposed to oversee UK environmental protections after Brexit lacks legal power. We need a #PeoplesVote to ensure that the UK’s environment is properly safeguarded! 
Also we've just passed a cross over point. it's now easier to imagine abandoning Brexit than to imagine anyone executing it. 
May conveniently forgets Scots voted against Brexit. FM is acting in the interests of the people she represents, to the mandate they have given her. May surely understands obeying the will of the people? 
“If we do not prepare well for Brexit, patients in the EU may no longer be able to receive their medicines. Just because production happens to happen in the United Kingdom... Science is simply an international playing field.”  
In England's forgotten 'rust belt', voters show little sign of Brexit regret, according to @GuyReuters. A must read for anyone who rarely ventures outside the M25  
Chapeau! This is precisely the embracing of the white-hot forge of technology (GPS, automobiles) that will, alongside our #PCSB and #PeoplesPinochet campaigns, stop #Brexit @dontbrexitfixit @laughdugrylegal @apharrington123 @acgrayling 
Having been booed in Edinburgh, does May still truly believe she is carrying out the will of the people? She is not. The vast majority want this Brexit nightmare to stop and, somehow, life return to normal.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Stand up for #Brexit...that's funny!I'm standing up for Democracy...the sort that allows ALL voters a #PeoplesVote giving us a #FinalSay with a #Remain option 
If Theresa May can't get Tories behind her madcap Brexit back-of-envelope plan dreamed up 2years, - what chance the SNP :))  
Victory in a People's Vote on the final #Brexit deal is far from assured. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t hold one, argues InFacts' @HugoDixon in the @NewStatesman @TheStaggers 
How is it already August, this year has gone by so quickly. I'm scared to blink and find that it's 2053, Brexit negotiations are still being thrashed out and I'm living in a retirement home with no teeth 
“There isn’t one person on our Brexit team that has a clue. “None of them are brave. None of them have done a deal. None of them know the art of the deal.” 
Great blog by @alison_morton on the struggles facing Brits living in France who are trying to regularise their status ahead of #Brexit.Read the bit about #NoDealBrexit - it's chilling. 
Most comprehensive survey yet of expert academics on Brexit by @UKandEU rates "No Deal" as 50-50 chance:   
1. Ok you #Brexit backing Autocrats who are only interested in imposing your wills on the Ppl than in the real Will of the maj of the Ppl let's try once again.A #PeoplesVote giving us all a #FinalSay with a #Remain option doesn't undermine & #StopBrexit unless a maj want it. 
Gina Miller - The people started this #brexit journey & they have the right to decide where it ends... the Tories will do everything to avoid an election & if they don't want an election then they have the power to give it back to the people with a #PeoplesVote.#FBPE 
Tory HQ: “What we need is a high-profile gobshite to make some dog whistle racist comments to divert the country from the fact Brexit is a complete car crash. Who’s up for it?” pic.twitter.com/AWXSKvf0F5 
After having probably wrecked the economy for a generation and taken away so many people's rights with Brexit, debased GB's reputation round the world as Foreign Secretary, he now deliberately stirs up racism....@BorisJohnson isn't a clown ...He's a dangerous political thug pic.twitter.com/QlypMJEb6W 
"Give us a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal" says Olivia Potter-Hughes, the president of NUS-USI, the student movement in Northern Ireland  
The UK choosing a WTO Brexit will be the more prosperous option. 
"Leaving the EU without a deal poses a very real threat to scientific progress, damaging innovation and the economy, the NHS, and our overall future. UK science has little or nothing to gain from Brexit but plenty to lose."  
The weakest, most incompetent, and most divisive Prime Minister for generations, who is dividing us from the EU against the will of the Scottish people, says the Scottish government should stop 'sowing politics of division'.Priceless.#indyref2 #brexit 
Ireland gains two extra seats in the European Parliament following the UK's departure next March, read this latest policy brief which examines how Ireland can make the most of this windfall #Brexit #FutureofEurope  
...and once the UK leaves the EU it'll read "Top Brexit"  
Too little, too late?Anti-Brexit politicians from all the main parties are in secret talks about forming a new 'centrist' movement#FBPE 
The senior Tories who have criticised Boris so far — Alistair Burt, Brandon Lewis, Sayeeda Warsi, Heidi Allen, Anna Soubry, Theresa May — voted Remain in the EU referendum.They were out of step with the British people on Brexit, they're absolutely out of step on this too. 
Ken Clarke speaking about the burka on the BBC in 2013. He criticised it as a “peculiar costume” and a “kind of bag“.Clarke’s language did not cause reaction from Tory MPs at the time. Almost as if the whole Boris row is about Brexit and Tory leadership.  
The Brits want to use the Tempest, the U.K.'s new fighter jet, to maintain its military prowess post-Brexit. The ministry has devoted $2.6B to developing the Tempest concept through 2025, and will decide then whether to roll out a final aircraft by 2035.  
BRILLIANT: Meet the man writing 'Stop Brexit' across Europe with a van and GPS /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
We've wasted two years fixating on a. non-existent Brexit model, risked the economic well-being of the country, made a laughing stock of our international reputation and created lasting division in the country - all because of our 'tough message on immigration'. 
Not content with promoting Brexit, BBC, especially @BBCr4today, now intent on making Boris Johnson the next Tory leader. This needs to be called out, starting with 2 days of Johnson boosterism they have just indulged in, on the back of his holiday ramblings in Daily Telegraph 
It was the'tough message on immigration' that got us here, both in the lies during the referendum campaign and May's red lines on free movement after it. 
the thing that annoys me about those middle-class liberals who say things like "London should declare independence"/"the North is racist, they deserve what they get from Brexit" is that it ignores that London made Boris their Mayor not once, but twice. 
This is not about the burka, it's all about #Brexit.Does anyone doubt this phoney outrage is being orchestrated against@BorisJohnson by 10 Downing Street?#StandUp4Brexit 
#brexit is a belief, a religion. There's no evidence to support it. It is just a blinkered faith. They believe what they want to believe. Their leaders are preachers, not politicians, & their reaction to doubting them is that of nothing less than a religious fundamentalist #FBPE 
How can anyone support Corbyn and fight Brexit? The two are mutually incompatible. Corbyn wants Brexit even more than May does. If @UKLabour is ever going to be elected, Corbyn - and Brexit will have to go. Simple as! #PeoplesVote #ofoc #fbpe #ffs #waton #corbynout 
Remainers Twist Knife Into Boris  via @GuidoFawkesBoris this is your time.Your support for a proper Brexit has never been greater.Time to skewer the Appeaser and her sycophant supporters and rescue your Party from decades in the wilderness. 
Regardless of which category of Brexit is imposed on Scotland or even if Brexit is cancelled, the way in which Westminster has treated Scotland since the EU referendum tells me independence is still the best option. 
What, you mean get comedians like @eddieizzard and other @Comedians4EU to make jokes about #Brexit? Sounds like a plan - so much material provided by delusional Brexiters. Where can I get tickets? @haveigotnews @mrjamesob @Tony_Robinson @Labour4EU @conservative4pv #StopBrexit 
How long is it before the Brexit narrative simply turns away from Brussels and on to Geneva? (Where the World Trade Organisation is based, but of course we all know that... right?) 
Put this man together with Sir James Dyson, Tim Martin and Lord Digby-Jones. Give them the brief to negotiate the Brexit deal instead of the current bunch of amateur dopes. Then watch things happen! 
Reformulated: "As an article supporting Brexit grows longer, the probability of blaming Brexit failure on Remainers not supporting it approaches 1" 
The pound has fallen more than 10% since mid-April, and with the government yet to agree a divorce deal with Brussels, currency traders are growing edgy about its outlook.Well done Brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The Bank of England have always been part of Project Fear. They don't want Brexit to succeed!  
"The Brexit debate has sorely tested the patience of our partners in Europe and the spirit of political tolerance here in the UK. But as a fight for reason, science and humanism in 21st century politics, it is a fight worth articulating - and winning."  
Mrs May:"Majority of public do NOT accept your proposed future relationship with EU.Govt’s White Paper does NOT deliver #Brexit in any meaningful sense of the word.It's NOT what we voted for in 2016.It would NOT bring about ANY benefits of Leaving #EU" 
Boris Johnson continues his Islamophobic rants as the Tories treat him with kid gloves, fearing the loss of their Brexit votes, rather than worrying about public perception of Tory racism. After sustained attacks on Labour, who clearly have acted, this is rank hypocrisy.  
A third of Scottish firms have reported that their recruitment and investment activity has been harmed by uncertainty over government's Brexit plans  
WTF would any sane person want to stand up for Brexit?#StandUp4Brexit #StandUp2Brexit 
There is no brexit dividend, no jobs first or red white & blue brexit or red white and blue brexit, no sunny uplands or unicorns.  If you disagree, a referendum on the outcome of negotiations should hold no fear as you will able to explain how#peoplesvote #FinalSayForAll 
Summary1. Police warn that crashing out of Our EU without a Brexit deal could put the public at risk.2. Stabbings, acid attacks, grooming gangs and terrorism are just a few of the possible consequences.3. Talk about a total breakdown of Our Law And Order!4. That's all, folks!  
What are the five key benefits of brexit for the average citizen? Please show your workings when answering, bland statements don't count as answers. 
How extreme does UDI sound in the face of No-Deal Brexit, which could potentially cause massive deaths and extreme civil unrest? 
Tremendous response here from @DeborahMeaden on being told the referendum result should be respected.The whole of the referendum process must be respected, not just the result. You don't do this when you conspire to intentionally mislead and commit electoral fraud.  
'More and more people can see Brexit is going to end up very, very badly for the people we got into politics for.'As the impacts of #ToryBrexit become clear, @UKLabour and @PeoplesMomentum members on the Left are coming behind a #PeoplesVote. 
I'm just really tired of the politics of politics. Brexit is the biggest issue the country has faced since the 50"s and its effects would last a hell of a lot longer than any prime minister. Yet the same party in-fighting that got us in this mess is still going on, on all sides! 
Boris mimicking Trump. Islamaphobia among the top ten base targets for stirring hate and populism. Straight from Bannon' s manifesto. Be warned. Trump & Brexit are one. 
People who think a United Ireland on 50.1% is fine are the same sort of people who said "Brexit will be easy/they need us more,etc."If we have learned one thing from Brexit: negotiate the details first, THEN vote. 
Tycoon Peter Hargreaves insists that if we Brexit on WTO terms, the EU will ask us for a trade deal.  Of course he’s right. 
2 wards caring for people with dementia have closed because the hospital has 22% of nursing posts vacant. Not great is it?  #Brexit  
The German Customs Agency planning to hire 900 new officials to prepare for no deal Brexit - many to be employed in customs clearance in airports and the ports of Hamburg and Bremen.  #BrexitJobs #BrexitDividend #BrexitBonanza 
All Brexiteers should read this by former Danish ambassador to U.K. and EU @GrubeClaus - a moderate and an Anglophile, but there are limits to “flexibility” (and he likes us!) via @esharpmag #brexit (FWIW This, I imagine, is what Macron told May). 
Why didn’t the then Home Secretary Theresa May say Clarke should apologise? Could it be that the whole Boris row is about Brexit and the Tory leadership?  
I used to think the architects of Brexit were either thick or just don’t care. Now I’ve realised that they’re thick and they just don’t care. 
Nobody likes it. How about a reset with a #PeoplesVote? “BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for' - Express  
Pressure Builds on U.K. Labour to Back Second Brexit Referendum - Bloomberg  
Letter of the day in ⁦@FinancialTimes⁩ on Brexit and Dostoevsky  
Are you going to #StandUp4Brexit ?I am.Please put the hashtag after your name and help spread the message and find likeminded people.Together our voice will be heard, and together we can and will make a difference.Please support us.#Brexit #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
Brexit is a pile of crap, farmers are now seeing the damage it’s going to cause, pound is down, food prices are going up, jobs being lost, trade being lost, racist card being played, the problems are just starting! Scotland can do better remaining in EU! Time for Indyref2! Pls rt 
Yes but our membership is via EU we have had to reapply for after Brexit and already various countries have objected to our reapplication terms so WTO rules not an immediate option ! 
Remainers Twist Knife Into Boris Number 10, CCHQ and Remainer Tory MPs know Boris is the main threat to their soft Brexit. That is what this is about. via @GuidoFawkes 
Goodwin's law: any article in support of Brexit ultimately blames its failure on Remainers not supporting it 
“Firstly, there currently is not a majority in favour of independence,” #Sir_John_Curtice He means is the polls show a narrow margin for NO.He's a psephologist - he has faith in polls. So apparently does our #First_Minister.I believe in #Referendum_campaigns shifting polls. 
AC Grayling: when eccentricity becomes malevolent#Brexit  
Brexit in the form that it was sold is undeliverable. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My video for the @Independent after they endorsed the @peoplesvote_uk campaign. 
No-deal Brexit? What it might mean for Britain  
Teresa May asking Nicola Sturgeon to get behind her #Brexit plan is a bit like a serial killer asking his next victim for their backing. "Yeah I know you'll end up dead but just think, no more pain...." 
"Nicola Sturgeon expects to revisit the question of Scottish independence as the UK Government continues to flounder on Brexit."  
The BBC is still campaigning against #Brexit long after Britain chose to leave.Let them know what you think by joining a #BBCSwitchOff on Thursday at 6pm: 
LET’S KEEP OUR EU BENEFITS. BREXIT HAS NO BENEFITS.The electorate wasn't sufficiently informed in the 2016 referendum to know whether it was right to leave the EU. 
R4 Today has just given Paddy Ashdown an extended free advert for the idea of setting up an anti-Brexit "centre" party. But overturning Brexit, almost by definition, cannot be a centre-ground notion. BBC story-selection parameters getting ever-more biased. 
NEWSFLASH: Men will have to give up work to look after their ageing parents unless EU care workers are given priority after Brexit. 
Brexit is not a hiccup or mild inconvenience. It is not a folly. It is not a whim - it is wllful destruction of our country AND IT'S PEOPLE by a bunch of rich fascists, aided by the stupidest politicians on Earth. It is criminal negligence on an astronomical scale. IT IS TREASON! 
Sometimes you do have to rely on the print media, Because you won't hear this headline on @BBCScotland's Brexit bill is 'perfectly practical', supreme court told  
“We should have a team that want Brexit and want us out of the EU.”Spot on from Peter Hargreaves, one of our most devoted backers during the Referendum.Support us at  
I find Theresa May offensive every time she steps out of 10 Downing Street and opens her lying mouth.Boris Johnson should ‘apologise’ at the very same moment our brazen LIAR of a PM does for purposely misleading the British electorate on ‘Brexit means Brexit’ when it doesn’t. 
The Bar Council (which speaks for Barristers in England and Wales) says Gove proposals for Brexit environmental watchdog are useless.   
Fascinating how just when #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw & Electoral Commission reporting to police, Boris Johnson starts making abusive comments that usefully dominate the news on him. Clever move, often used by Trump. Link? —-> Steve Bannon#Brexit #VoteLeave 
Boris Johnson refuses to apologise for calling burka 'ridiculous'Has May apologised for treating Brexit as a joke, taking it to a new level of Remain?   
Brexit is being deliberately exploited by disaster capitalists and craven politicians for their own nefarious ends. It’s “shock therapy”. While people are emotionally and physically distracted to mount an effective resistance, they’re going to shaft us, shaft Britain @acgrayling 
"Theresa May tells Nicola Sturgeon to back Brexit deal". (1) There is no "deal", #Chequers is a UK govt proposal, to which the FM was not part of. (2) If she did indeed "tell", rather than "ask" then this is not a good idea, and it should be obvious why. 
Boris Johnson should lose the Tory whip over burqa remarks, says senior peer. “Take the whip from him. Why not? He’s not a super human being, he’s a member of the party". Our weak PM can't do that can she?  #Brexit votes#ToriesOut 
The cross-party Get Britain Out grassroots campaign group will tomorrow deliver straight to the door of Number 10 Downing Street a message from tens of thousands of voters fuming that Theresa May's latest blueprint is a betrayal of the referendum.  
Spineless Theresa Sméagol Gollum May refuses to give Bozo the racist clown the boot!!Every pore in the Tory Party reeks of Islamaphobia, fear of the other, tools for power, Brexit Austerity, the Daily Racist the Daily ShitShow pic.twitter.com/c0dhvDk5oS 
John Humphrys is such a berk, even when not talking about Brexit. He's just defended advertisers marketing sugary food to children on the basis of the right to free speech. The right to free speech applies to individual human beings, not vast commercial operations. @BBCr4today 
Theresa May faced a barrage of boos on a visit to Edinburgh with locals shouting 'STOP BREXIT'!! The Brexit catastrophe is looming - we need more voices to make it clear to the politicians that Brexit is something that we don't want!!! #BrexitShambles 
Pressure is building on Labour to back a second Brexit referendum  
Brexit – Will The EU Collapse Anyway?  
May says it's "incumbent" on everyone else to support her re Brexit.Nonsense!(A sentence that also makes sense with the full stop removed) 
He's not going to apologise.  #May shud apologise 4 betraying pledges re #Brexit!  Outright lied to us, betrayed her pledges! @BorisJohnson 
Farage thinks Johnson should be Tory leader & prime minister. Problem: Farage himself holds those posts at present, & there isn’t a vacancy unless & until Farage’s Brexit project is defeated 
I'm now going to tweet some food stats...PASTA:World Top Pasta Exporters, 2017:#2.   China#3.   S Korea#4.   Turkey#5.   Thailand#6.   United States#10. Indonesia#12. Mexico#13. Vietnam#15. Canada#17. JapanWTEx.Think that the UK will do just fine after Brexit. 
The only people who want a 2nd referendum are hard Remainers who’ve never accepted the result of the 1st. Why would they suddenly accept the result of a 2nd? And if Remain somehow managed to slither to victory, why would Brexiteers accept it? It’s a mad recipe for permanent flux. 
Playing down Brexit, protecting and promoting Ruth Davidson, insisting nobody is interested in the Power Grab, smearing SNP politicians, attacking Scottish institutions and indulging in a tabloid, parochial negativism about anything to do with our nation. This is BBC Scotland. 
We have formed a new #Brexit Policy Panel (BPP). The BPP is a cross-disciplinary group of over 100 leading social scientists created to provide ongoing analysis of where we have got to in the Brexit process, & to forecast where we are headed.Results here  
So today is the day: 30 years in the UK.  How often have I dismissed nasty xenophobia as misguided British 'humour', turned the other cheek... The mask has slipped all the way June 2016. There are only 2 options: fight Brexit or be complicit in UK's downfall.  #WATON #FBPE 
If Theresa May's Brexit proposal can't break the deadlock, there’s another way to go: Hold a second referendum  
The Missouri GOP moved the referendum on their "right to work" (anti-union) legislation to August, believing the electorate would be more favorable.  The legislation was rejected across urban/rural and DEM/GOP counties.  A landslide defeat for the law #MissouriPrimary #MOPrimary 
Missouri voters just blocked the right-to-work law Republicans passed to weaken labor unionsIt’s the first time voters have overturned right-to-work laws through a ballot referendum.#DemForce 
Missouri defeats right-to-work (for less) referendum. Way to go!  
Even if the only thing you care about is future fortunes of Democrats or Republicans in congressional races, treating a narrow congressional special election win in an Ohio House race as bigger news than a big referendum defeat for "right-to-work" in Missouri seems short-sighted  
Missouri’s “right-to-work (for less)” has been overturned by the voters in a historic referendum result. The anti-labor legislation is being rejected by an almost 2-1 margin.Missourians, like all Americans, want strong unions!@AFLCIO @NationalNurses @UAW @NEAToday @thenation 
Organizers I spoke to emphasized their door-to-door strategy, which not only got RTW on the ballot but apparently just made Missouri the first state to reject RTW by referendum 
The "right-to-work" referendum in MO is great news, but it also exposes a real flaw in our democracy. Policy is going in a hard anti-union direction while referenda (in non-blue places!) show the public wants the exact opposite. 
Wow - Labor groups won a landmark victory Tuesday as Missourians voted by referendum to overturn the state’s new right-to-work law, an embarrassing rejection for the state’s Republican lawmakers. by @jamieson 
Put every so called "right-to-work" law up for a statewide referendum in every state it's on the books. 
Immense victory for labor: Missouri voters resoundingly killed the GOP's new 'right-to-work' law in a labor-organized veto referendum. (AP just called it.) Especially meaningful 6 weeks after the SCOTUS's Janus ruling. 
They vote again in November, 3 months from now. That’s the race that decides a vote in the House going forward, not this race. This race is a referendum on Dem turnout & Trump fatigue. 
The AP has called a defeat for Missouri's anti-labor law. GOP moved referendum to August primary to try and keep Dem turnout low, but they're losing 63-37 with about half in 
So proud my second Brexit book (with Gary Horlick) just came out--focusing on the many transition issues and urgent "to do" list for the UK. Available at:  and soon to be available--free download from .  Congrats to our students! 
With debate on Big Internet’s throttling of some conservative voices, a reminder of what happened a few months ago during the Irish abortion referendum; ‘Silicon Valley Deletes the Pro-Life Campaign in Ireland’:  
Me:  trying to find anyone saying anything about #MiGov that notes the loss of a Bernie-backed candidate and how the loss of one candidate *must* be some kind of referendum on his politics, style of campaign, clothes and hair choice, etc. 
Working people vote down so-called “right to work” laws when given the chance. The Missouri state legislature tried to undercut union-led referendum to overturn RTW by moving the vote from November to tonight. My prediction is it won’t matter: Missouri is going to vote down RTW. 
the GOP spin cycle for tight special elections that should not have been tight:-this is not a referendum on Republicans or Trump-our candidate sucks, actually-we did better than we expected-the democrat really isn't even a democrat anyway. he's basically a republican 
In most negotiations, being prepared to walk away is key. But Brexit talks are akin to bargaining for a parachute having already jumped out of the plane  
More good news from Brexit.I'm no banking expert, but i'd imagine one of the main concerns of banks is to avoid causing panic. And yet... 
In England's forgotten 'rust belt', voters show little sign of Brexit regret  
The Time has come, The Time is here, the @Conservatives need a change from the defeatist pathetic politics of @theresa_may! #Conservative members must Vote @BorisJohnson for #PM for #Brexit and #Britain! #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #TORY @BrexitStewart 
Just type in "Brexit negotiations" or just "brexit" and "business" in the google news section every now and then.And ask yourself whether doing nothing now counts as recklessness or intentional harm to the UK.#WednesdayWisdom 
In law, you intend something if you consider it to be a virtually certain consequence of your action or lack of action.You're reckless if you consider it to be a real possibility.Does Brexit look like it will harm the country? What are you doing about it? 
This can only go one way. Brexit has guaranteed the dissolution of the UK. 
Dominic Raab’s new aide, Stephanie Lis (Who elected her?) Called for continued freedom of movement after Brexit..Really is there anybody within the Establishment who thinks democracy matters one jot??   
The best #Brexit deal for students is staying in the EU, which is why I'm backing the Final Say campaign  
This narrative that Scottish Government would “put the UK Union” at risk” is incredible statement ! Brexit is to blame ! Brexit voting unionist have caused this mess all by their own hand ! #DissolveTheUnion 
Yuck. Trump will 'force' May's government to accept hormone beef and chlorinated chicken after Brexit.Brexit isn’t ‘taking back control’. It is a fiasco. Nobody voted for this. #StopBrexit. 
#GreatYarmouth voted 71.5% to Leave the EU. Does @BrandonLewis understand why? He should #ChuckChequers It’s not too late to change tack & embrace the opportunities of Brexit. If you live there #StandUp4Brexit help Brandon to understand, use  
#Britain is sick to death of this #PoliticallyCorrect #PrimeMinister. @BorisJohnson’s comments make him more likely to be #Tory leader!   #BBC #SKY #ITV #LBC @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #TORY #ConservativeParty #UK #Tories #Brexit 
Racists will be emboldened by #BorisJohnson making such vile comments - and without serious consequences. His whipping-up hate is strategic, just like they did pre the Brexit referendum. I’ve already noticed an increase in hate speech on twitter.  
 WDShow 8-7 - Are the midterms a referendum on President Trump 888 602 7590 x80103  
When Brexit is defeated it will not be by some sort of remain conspiracy and clever games, it will only be because more and more people realise they were sold lies by a bunch of cheating opportunists and chancers.#StopBrexit 
Hard #Brexit is going to be a disaster. Tories will blame the EU & immigrants. They’re softening us up via “casual” racism & rehabilitating ‘Tommeh’. Very nasty indeed. 
The Ohio special election will only be a referendum on @realDonaldTrump if the Democrat wins. 
Theresa May faces barrage of boos as she visits Edinburgh and locals shout 'STOP BREXIT’.She should take their advice. She knows Brexit is a shambles. #StopBrexit. 
Great to see so many picking up the #StandUp4Brexit hashtag  we need to keep going to get the positive Brexit we voted for and not the watered down “leave limitation” being put forward by Olly Robbins via his puppet Theresa May. #BrexitNowOrNever#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
#BREAKING Nicola Sturgeon to revisit independence in October. Many in our @ScotTories will vote differently because of the disastrous #brexit  
Two years ago the public got to decide on something that today is believed will bring a £600 billion #brexit dividend or possibly leave the country with no food by August. I’m sure we all knew what we were voting for. 
Not what I voted for, won't vote Tory till she's gone.BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for'  
A great thread below.Please take time to read and retweet.All you need to know about Brexit and how it relates to Scotland.  
On cheese sandwiches, just as on aviation, or recognition of qualifications, energy markets, imports of lemons, or EHIC, or Erasmus or WHATEVER THE HELL ELSE, the UK could seek to solve these #Brexit issues if **ITS GOVERNMENT** wanted to.But the government isn’t even trying. 
I know I’m supposed to be on holiday but seriously, can anyone explain why British politicians have decided to hold a “who’s the biggest racist” competition this summer instead of, y’know, sorting out Brexit?  
If @theresa_may is unwilling to implement the Brexit we voted for, she should step aside and allow someone to take over with true conviction and insight into all the opportunities we have for our global future - instead of encouraging Project Fear Mark II. 
ScotParl voted in March '17 that the Scottish people should have a choice on Brexit via an IndyRef before Brexit was ratified - ie before 29/03/19. There is only one sustainable announcement that the FM *can* give in October. Stand by for a short sharp IndyRef. #DissolveTheUnion 
Boris Johnson knows this. Boris Johnson doesn't write Islamophobic columns for lols. Boris Johnson is beginning the slow march to Bannon country, in readiness for what will be marketed as the Big Brexit Sellout in just under a year's time.  
SPAMMON the affordable alternative to SPAM from  #brexit foods Contains 10% real pork  
BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for'  Bravo, wish I could be there 
Oh Max trust me... I won’t be the one hurt by Brexit ( other than seeing the damage done to my country and fellow countrymen) but I truly believe the people who can least sustain the economic downturn will be.  
I said it back in January and I'll say it again... The public absolutely have the right to pull the plug on Brexit if they don't like where it's going. 
#skypapers Yasmin Alibhai - Brown on get ready for shouting & screaming nonstop. I hate Brexit, I hate Donald Trump. Says the same thing every program she’s on. Change the record were all bored with you on TV all the time. Yawm, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn. 
If the government diverts boats to harwich and not Dover to ease the gridlock - who is going to make up the shortfall in profits that the port generates?-if they send 50% of boats to harwich that’ll cripple the port and it’s workers-another positive outcome from brexit 
Great #Yarmouth voted 71.5% to Leave the EU. Does @BrandonLewis understand why? He should #ChuckChequers & learn about his constituency. It’s not too late to change tack & embrace the opportunities of #Brexit If you live there, help Brandon understand, use  
Read this. As #brexit austerity bites women will be forced back into the kitchen & home. This desire to put women “back in their place” is an inherent part of the nostalgia that drove the leave vote. Us? We want to stay in the 21st century #stopbrexit 
12/ So, in summary: #Brexit isn't the #indyreftrigger that the nationalists want it to be, for a whole load of reasons.Nationalists pretending to be Europhiles are demonstrably hypocritical.Most people in Scotland still want to stay in the UK.  Hope that helps./End 
11/ And of course there would be the restrictions on movement across the UK, friends and family becoming citizens of a different country, loss of international influence, etc.  It’s no wonder that support for separation continues to ebb away, regardless of Brexit.  
9/ Finally, even if there were to be another indyref, which is unlikely, most people can see that leaving the UK would hurt Scotland far more than Brexit will.  For a start, there would be a loss of the fiscal transfer. 
This is the man who should be leading our #Brexit negotiations.@BorisJohnson is the man who should be the next #Conservatives leader and Prime Minister.#StandUp4Brexit 
Life remains tough in England's old mining communities who feel forgotten by the Westminster ‘bubble’, frustrated at the direction of #Brexit  
Nervy Germany admits hard Brexit will SAVAGE EU markets  
Don't be fooled by the fact that fascists and socialists are fighting. When it comes to Brexit, they vote together like comrades in arms.#StopBrexitUKIP members suspended after socialist bookshop protest - BBC News 
BREXIT ERUPTION: Tens of thousands LOSE PATIENCE with May - 'This ISN'T what we voted for'  
Theresa May tells Nicola Sturgeon to back Brexit deal  
Elon “disclosure rules don’t apply to me” Musk. Anything goes in the age of Trump. Line pockets with cash in advance of the Trump referendum this November. 
Nevermind Boris apologising for his comments on the Burkha which were absolutely correct. Why don't the idiotic, useless, traitor of a PM apologise for selling us down the river on Brexit. Get off your holidays and sort this bloody country out you Traitor.  
As part of my visit to Belfast today, I was delighted to take part in a debate with representatives from across the political spectrum at @FeileBelfast. Good lively debate on broad range of issues including abortion rights, marriage equality and Brexit. Thanks to organisers!  
The DexEUs secret #Brexit cook book is published because no meal is better than a bad meal  
Why should Boris apologise, his critics are mounting ridiculous attacks and attempting to shut down legitimate debate. They are also doing it because @BorisJohnson is standing up for #Brexit. 
Fears over a “no deal” Brexit are similar to the Millennium bug panic:  
Exit Brexit Now RT please  
#FinalSay: Northern Irish students’ organisation calls for referendum on Brexit deal 
Whichever side of the Brexit debate you're on, do read this long-read piece by political academic @GoodwinMJ. There are some important lessons for us all on the way the debate is being conducted and the possible consequences. 
The port of Rotterdam is gearing up to be a major trade route to and from Ireland thus by-passing Brexit Britain.  []  
It’s not even HMG that negotiated this. So we lose access if we hard brexit like all the rest.  
If you consider yourself to be of the Left, are from #Leeds and are Against #Brexit, then this meeting on Wednesday this week could be for you. It has been organised by 'The Left Against Brexit - Leeds'. 7pm.  
Boris is bang out of order. Agreed. Now. You were saying something regarding 'False promises about Brexit'. Isn't it about time you stood up and actually did something to stop the entire UK being destroyed by the Tory Brexit your boss is hell bent on enabling? #StopBrexit Kier! 
We’ll be hosting two info sessions for EU nationals on 15.8.18 in Mallaig and 18.8.18 in Fort William. The sessions will provide up to date info on the current #Brexit situation and provide a platform for attendees to ask qs and seek advice. @theSNP Pls RT 
The Netherlands’ new far-right party, The Forum for Democracy, wants a referendum on Europe and is riding high in the polls. Ditto the Swedish Democrats who are leading in the polls in the present election in Sweden. 
Police commissioners warn Home Secretary a ‘no deal’ Brexit could pose substantial public safety risk  
Talking about apologies @theresa_may how about you apologise for weak & deceitful leadership, appalling negotiation skills, betrayal of the Conservative manifesto & Brexit, Windrush, missed immigration targets, promoting sharia courts, failing to tackle FGM & wholesale mediocrity 
 The British Parliament denounces #Russian interference in the referendum of #Catalonia Moscow saw in the 1-O the opportunity to provoke a conflict, according to committee that investigates the impact of false news in the electoral processes  
There is no reason for @Number10press to do this clip. Other than to try to do in the one person they fear Brexiteer MPs believe can deliver a proper Brexit.  
PPI is an extremely good analogy for Brexit.Most bought it in good faith, because it seemed reasonable.Very few knew the real cost to themselves.PPI has been the biggest compensation issue for a generation.Brexit will dwarf it.  
Thankfully top West Country businessmen like Dyson & Hargreaves back Brexit. Brexit was funded and delivered in the West Country !  
John Curtice is wrong: the Yes rank-and-file would not accept the independence referendum being "kicked into the long grass" this autumn -  #ScotRef 
I'm now going to tweet some food stats...GRAIN:  World Top Grain Exporters, 2017:  #1.   United States #2.   Russia #3.   Canada #4.   Australia #6.   Ukraine #7.   Argentina #11. Kazakhstan  WTEx.   Think that the UK will do just fine after Brexit. 
Look at the benefits we’re destined to lose on leaving the #EU. How many of us properly understood that in the #EUReferendum? We could do a democratic U-turn on #Brexit. And if that’s the new ‘will of the people’, why not? Share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  
It’s always about him. A man who never takes responsibility for his self-serving decisions, including false promises about Brexit.   
Great point. Thanks. Sounds like the whole Brexit vote was a shambles. Glad to hear you support a People’s Vote to let democracy free of misinformation actually have a voice.  
What if more want to remain now than leave? What if we now realise there were illegalities in the campaign and undue overseas influence?Do we play roll over or run a cleaner, clearer referendum...which may pull in the same result but will leave people feeling less uncomfortable  
Can anyone, ANYONE, come up with a cogent argument why Brexit should NOT now be stopped? 
Realise how popular you are now, @Theresa_May? Edinburgh must have been an eye-opener! In most of Britain, step outside without your security entourage & you’d be ripped to pieces. No one wants #Brexit now. Just you & your millionaire friends. #PeoplesVote. #ofoc #ftpe 
Nicola Sturgeon's Groupies have worked out that Indyref2 won't happen in 2018. Next they'll work out it won't happen before Brexit. They will then work out that the can hasn't been kicked down the road. It's been kicked down a hole from which it will never be recovered.  
Is this what ‘taking back control’ looks like?The Trump administration will "try and force" Britain to apply American standards in return for a trade deal after Brexit, including the import of hormone-treated US beef and chlorine-washed chickens. 
I’m just waiting for pro- #Brexit fanatics to pop up saying this isn’t so, as they know more about growing food than the farmers do.UK is so lucky to have these talented Brexiters who know more about anything than anyone else. 
A little recap on the #Brexit 'options' and the extent to which each scenario will damage our public finances and public services. We must reject a choice between pain and more pain.We must earn a #Peoplesvote and win the right to #Remain in the EU. 
Peter Hargreaves says a no deal Brexit would mean free trade with EU   via @MailOnline 
The Lady bird book of Child Labour another exciting #brexit tale  
“The whole Brexit referendum and negotiation process has been one massive national embarrassment on the international stage – unlike the UK government, student leaders have been clear about what we want” @ObvsOlivia in the @Independent #BrexitWrecksIt 
EXCLUSIVE: Chair of the Tory party's own Muslim forum tells me that the party is reluctant to do anything major about Boris Johnson's Islamophobic comments because it does not want to antagonise MPs ahead of critical Brexit votes in the House of Commons:  
From Leeds to Cardiff, Edinburgh to Bristol, here's how to get involved with your local grassroots anti-Brexit group  
"There can be fewer more humiliating admissions for a U.K. government than to concede that France is in the driving seat."Yet this is how the services part of a negotiated Brexit deal is starting to look." (via @bopinion) 
Voters show little sign of Brexit regret 
I have a soft spot for Old Etonians but recent events remind me of an old friend's observation about their role on Brexit: "One let it happen, another made it happen, and yet another is making it even worse". 
PICTURE SPECIAL: Inside Luxury Country Estate Where Blairities Plot Against Corbyn and Brexit  
If you want to see a true #Brexit delivered and not the #ChequersPlan fudge please follow @StandUp4Brexit and use #StandUp4Brexit - Remember to email your #MPs & local #chairman and make your voices heard ! #BBC #SKY #ITV #LBC @LBC @ConHome @andreajenkyns @NadineDorries @DCBMEP 
As I am, apparently, the ring leader of a ‘thuggish Brexit gang’ [thanks, Remainer Dave] who wants to join? Rules are simple:- You like booze- You support Brexit- You think Owen Jones is a pathetic prig - You have a love of BritainWho’s in my thuggish Brexit gang? 
There will be a 94 €Bns #Brexit-related hole in the #EUBudget for 2021-27 if business continues as before and the #UK does not contribute.  @ZsoltDarvas & @GuntramWolff.  Would freezing agriculture & cohesion spending fill the #BrexitHole on #MFF2017?   
If that is what you believe, if you want to stand against this hate and far right populism @johnmcdonnellMP, why are you, @jeremycorbyn and @UKLabour, still supporting Brexit? Brexit is nothing other than a manifestation of exactly this hate and populism — and will unleash more.  
So my farming friends, yesterday @NicolaSturgeon announces a £200 000 fund to boost sales of Scotch lamb, while the U.K. Gov hurtle is toward a Brexit scenario that keeps us out of our biggest market and courts huge agri exporting countries for trade deals. Who do you trust ? 
£300 got me €330 euros... if you voted brexit unfollow me and fuck off 
If you're sick and tired from arguing about Brexit, just look at how Alison Moyet handles it  
EU nations 'should continue extraditions to the UK until Brexit'  
Ask yourself a question Dave, is that what leave campaigners did in 1975?  No, no they didn't.  They continued to push their agenda for 40 years, trying repeatedly to get a second referendum.  When it comes to sore losers, remainers are learning form the experts. 
John Egan = £4 million is the biggest rip off post-brexit 
"On the first day of Brexit, Jupp gave unto me -               A shift in the King's Head Pub"Not Tonight, a dark political comedy RPG set in dystopian post-brexit Britain arrives on Steam August 17thWishlist it here -  
Dont Brexit?  
I may have blinked, but I really cannot remember the discussion in the Referendum campaign about food shortages, civil unrest and women being forced out of the workforce to care for relatives. I don't think that's what they meant by the "Norway option". #FBPE #StopBrexit 
‘If the British government insist on crashing out of the EU and crashing the north of Ireland out of the EU, then the constitutional question has to be put..  I want a unity referendum to happen & to happen as soon as!’ @MaryLouMcDonald #WeAreFéile30 
Nervy Germany admits hard Brexit will SAVAGE EU markets - 'Common sense MUST prevail'  
Making Bread from Sawdust part of the lady bird lets learn #Brexit series  
No, it’s not incumbent on the Scottish Government to agree to Brexit proposals, we didn’t vote for it! Can you imagine how fucked Scotland would be right now if Labour were in power at Holyrood? Dread to think. 
And now the truths are emerging don't you think a vote a good idea? PS...we get to elect every 4 years..Brexit is once in a lifetime...of course the young should have their say.  
Won’t even face your electorate @theresa_may #ShameOnYou #EdFringe #IntoTheUnknown (the unknown being Brexit - still!)  
In England's forgotten 'rust belt', voters show little sign of Brexit regret...  
Are you suggesting they were right? I am saying no one, not me, you, anybody else knew what was going to happen. We could all guess..some would guess closer than others. Now we know what Brexit looks like of course we should vote. Stop being overly sensitive..this is a debate.  
Anyone interesting in defence and security should also be interested in supply chain resilience and food/energy security. It is a fascinating subject and one which BREXIT has forced to the front of the conversation, which is a good thing 
I agree. Well said Martin & Keith. In my experience the City is getting on with “the business of business”. It’s a flexible & resilient financial ecosystem. Brexit is just one of the many challenges & opportunities we have. ⁦@MartinGilbert83⁩ ⁦@EveningStandard⁩ 
I agree with this and we need to fix the issues which drove the dissatisfaction which drove the Brexit vote. The problem is..these are internal issues and we will realise in a minute but will have less money and resource to tackle them.  
What movie ending best represents how Brexit will end?Thelma and Louise?  
How can May claim it’s incumbent on Scottish Parliament to accept her Brexit deal & support it? She cannot have conveniently forgotten Scotland voted overwhelmingly for Remain? By a far larger margin than the bogus will of the people in rUK to Leave. 
Is she taking the Michael?Is Theresa the Brexit Betrayer going to apologise to the 17.4million people she lied to.Theresa May has to be the worse Prime Minister in living memory.She has ensured Boris will get the backing of millions.#BorisForPM#BorisMeansBrexit 
Ive decided to buy a new car after weeks of what kind do I prefer and I still don’t know.  The PM came up to Scotland for a couple of hrs to talk about brexit and Scotland.  2 fecking Hrs.  Nothing and I mean nothing of this magnitude could be decided or agreed within that time. 
This is not a fight to prevent #brexit. This is a fight to prevent  an authoritarian regime taking control of the country run by a full on fuck off certifiable madman. #FBPE #StopFascism #PeoplesVote 
If it's all the same with you guys, we may give it a little while then before asking for your thoughts on the implications of a no-deal Brexit for the public sector  
No joy for the PM meeting Macron. UK Govt needs to accept that EU not about to cave in in order to make her life in the Tory party easier.               The one thing #Brexit has done is to give them a reason to unite - against her & the madness of EU withdrawal! #FBPE 
Brexit is sentencing the UK's financial services industry to a long slow death  
The August #Brexit tracker shows a large swing towards "wrong in hindsight". Will of the people? @DemarcationDSGN @Jim_Cornelius @PropertySpot @StatisticSingh @fascinatorfun 
Without diminishing in any way the anti-semitism concerns it is the lack of leadership against the growing disaster of Brexit,particularly for the poor, that disappointments me most about @jeremycorbyn 
#quote:"There isn’t one person on our Brexit team that has a clue..NONE of them have done a deal..None of them know the ART of the deal..they’ve never..asked ANY of the people that..are great businessmen"*Was this simply poor judgment by a lacklustre PM. 
Theresa May has offended millions by pretending to be about to deliver full Brexit while plotting fake Brexit. When is the apology coming?  
Lawyers say Gove proposals for Brexit environmental watchdog are useless  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE.Part of the 'Understanding #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
Theresa May should apologise for the complete mess she has made of Brexit. Time she stood down and let Boris have a go. 
Et tu, Boris.“British media have reported that London mayor Boris Johnson, tipped as a future contender for the leadership of Cameron's Conservatives, is a supporter of the double referendum idea.”[October 2015]  
Do you know what "Grinds Ma Gears"?The fact that the Tories could hold a referendum to remove the UK from the EU with a vote in Parliament but the Scot's can't hold a vote for Independence even though OUR Parliament voted for it.Equal Partners my Cheeks.#DissolveTheUnion 
In October 2015, Cummings & Vote Leave pushed the Double Referendum idea to the public - and Cameron, sensing danger, tried to shut it down quickly: 
Theresa May headed to Scotland today for talks with Nicola Sturgeon amid ongoing criticism of a no-deal Brexit. It's good to hear some realistic political opinions. #RenewParty #CostofBrexit 
There would be a risk to the public from a Hard Brexit, police chiefs have warned  
EU patients may miss out on medicines in no-deal Brexit, says AstraZeneca  
So the MP for Newquay didn’t want to meet me- instead asked to send him an email- I seem to get ignored by all other MPs I question about their distorted ignorance on the CU and borders - will any mp meet me to discuss life after brexit and transport ? 
WATCH: @chrisoram1990 voted leave in 2016 but didn't vote for less finances and less control. That's why he's demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal:  
Peter Hargreaves: Best option is No DealNo Deal gives us free trade with EU because 3 biggest economies in Europe are huge exporters to UK.Germany, France & Italy would demand free trade.I guarantee my entire wealth we would get free trade!#Brexit #EU 
9. If a court asked, ‘did overspending by Vote Leave materially increase the risk of Brexit?' the answer must be ‘yes’. Time to declare Brexit void? You tell me.... 
1. [THREAD]Brexit CAN be declared VOID!!!Here's how #FBPE #WATON #FBR #StopBrexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BlueWave #resist #TheResistance @abcpoppins @acgrayling @Lawyers4EU @LPrivileged @Anna_Soubry @Andrew_Adonis @LordRennard 
If you are one of the £1.5m who didn't get a chance to vote on #Brexit....wouldn't you want one now? Whichever way you choose?  
This book is sublimely good. State of the (Brexit) nation novel to end them all, but also funny, tender, generous, so human and intelligent about age and love as well as politics. ⁦@jonathancoe⁩’s best since What A Carve Up, if you ask me. I DO NOT SAY THIS LIGHTLY. 
Nice one Liam but you’re still a bit short on the £400bn a No Deal Brexit will cost Britain on your own government's impact assessment figures  
The EU plans a new shipping route connecting Ireland with Belgium and the Netherlands post Brexit — and the French aren't happy  
This is EU money and will be one of the last grants of EU funding for nature in the UK; LIFE has supported €570M of nature projects in the UK since 1992. Losing LIFE funding is just another Brexit dividend.  
Leader comment: Theresa May, you must heed Nicola Sturgeon’s Brexit advice - The Scotsman  
Stop pretending people who support Brexit are innocent lied-to people, they believe all Brexit lies because they acommodate their secret wish to believe them.  
Lawyers say Gove proposals for Brexit environmental watchdog are useless  
Politics needs a bit of spicing up. I'm heading to Australia and New Zealand on a Brexit tour in September!  
The Leave campaigns made a lot of noise about the Norwegian model and staying in the EEA. Then after the referendum they pretended that they had never said any such thing. This lie proves they were trying to dupe wavering voters into voting Leave.#LeaveLies #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The Trump administration will "try and force" Britain to apply American standards in return for a trade deal after Brexit, demanding major concessions including the import of hormone-treated US beef and chlorine-washed chickens#TakingBackControl 
Jim Messina is on msnbc rn saying Dems are delighted Trump is supporting people like Kobach who supposedly can’t win general elections.Holy shit does he not remember what he tweeted about Trump? Does he not remember his work with Cameron pre brexit?? What he said about Corbyn?? 
My first to do list for post BrexitBorder ControlPoints based work visaBill of RightsFreedom of speechSeparation of Church & StatePledge of allegianceBritish flag in every classroomTrade deals with R.O.WAbolish H of LordsEnglish Parliament by PR.3% defence budget 
It took 23 years to get a referendum on membership of the European Union. Don’t expect those ardent europhiles to accept the result. We all need to get back into campaign mode and show them the tide hasn’t turned the majority still want Brexit. It’s time to #StandUp4Brexit 
Britons will lose the right to live work and study in 30 countries.EU citizens will lose it in one country.It's like losing a football match 30-1.#Brexit is stupid, Brexit is theft, Brexit is national humiliation.Restore Respect #StopBrexit. 
Holiday prices forecast to rise by 31% due to Brexit - we are trying to make sure that this doesn't happen by calling for a #PeoplesVote - if you support a #PeoplesVote then join us to help make one happen: 
Polls show that the Conservative-In-Name-only party does not represent the majority of their past voters on Brexit, law and order, immigration and political correctness. WATCH my interview on @RTUKnews about the rise of @UKIP 
Bernard Jenkin compares 'no-deal Brexit' fears to millennium bug  
That is indeed a possibility. Tho I remain surprised that the 2016 referendum didn’t move the dial more in the SNP’s direction.  
An "exodus" of EU bankers leaving London because of Brexit is already underway, a member of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee tells LBC  
As a director of an SME I can say from my experience @DeborahMeaden is spot on about how businesses feel about #Brexit  
"The National Institute for Economic and Social Research says a 'no-deal' Brexit would cost each person in Britain £800 a year..." What a disastrous 'no-deal' Brexit might mean for Britain  
And who is helping to fund adequate legal advice for 1.3mn @BritishInEurope on their post #Brexit rights? At present there are only 5 consular staff at the FCO dedicated to helping Brits on the continent. They are doing their best but it’s clearly inadequate resourcing.  
Nigel Farage - "Ultimately Italy is not going to leave the EU any time soon but inevitably you can see the European project will be lucky to survive more than a decade." #Brexit #Italexit 
#Brexit could mean dramatic fall in social care workers. A govt report admitted this could mean family members - especially women - leaving work to care for elderly relatives. 
How Brexit will kill the sandwich  
Corbyn is a major obstacle to a #PeoplesVote. He wants Brexit, and isn’t going to let the voters stand in the way of his dreams.   
What's causing high street decline? @thomasbrake points to Brexit for spreading economic uncertainty and preventing the government form focusing on ways to help high street businesses.It's not too late - we can #ExitfromBrexit. Add your name today:  
The European Commission office in the U.K. @EUlondonrep is funding solicitors to brief EU nationals about their rights after #Brexit. The British government has also pledged support for people when they apply for settled status.  
Remain Tories now in such a panic about the threat to May posed by Boris that they are out to do him in at every turn. They know that come the autumn they won't get Chequers sell-out through if Boris is around to lead the charge for a proper Brexit. 
Nicola Sturgeon is unlikely to call a second referendum on Scottish independence in the next five years as the “odds are stacked against her”, says John Curtice, the country’s leading polling expert. 
Amongst the copious issues around the EU referendum is the fact the debate was dominated by white men. Other voices on both sides were marginalised and the rights that the EU brings them ignored. Now look who's rights are under threat.  
No-deal Brexit? What it might mean for Britain  
Totally agree Peter, husband and I were in early 20s and clearly remember all that you describe......we were looking across the Channel with envy seeing rising living standards in the countries of Europe we voted YES in 1975 and have seen UK prosper and grow - until Brexit Ref!!! 
I am disheartened by everything I see on my news feed and I can't find the appropriate words to tweet anything sensible any more. Brexit has opened a nasty floodgate. I'm speechless. And sad that it has gone so wrong. 
What does #Brexit mean for students from the EU applying to study in the UK in 2019-20? Our short video made with @BritishCouncil, @UKCISA & @nusuk explains fees, funding and visa requirements:  #WeAreInternational 
Just one problem with the Times story this morning about the Police warning to Sajid Javid about a no deal Brexit - it wasn't actually the Police  
Here's how a no-deal Brexit will affect your sandwich: you’ll get just a toast.  
Brexit demagogues are unwilling or unable to deliver their promised unicorns of either have-your-cake-and-eat-it or the mirificent trade deals which all countries would bestow on taken-back-control Mighty Britannia, so they blame everyone but themselves for the unfolding disaster  
The UK govt no-deal Brexit stockpiling should be a wake-up call: our global, super-efficient supply chains are fragile. They are, in fact, a national security issue. My piece:  @TomTugendhat @Andrew_Adonis @KoriSchake @MansRAD @ThielsChristian @WachterBDI 
The point of a free #Iran is that the people of #Iran determine their preferred form of government through an internationally monitored referendum followed by a new constitution & open & free elections. 
Times Brexit Warning is From Politicians Not Police:  
British voters asked to name most important issues facing Britain:1. Brexit (68%)2. Health (38%)3. Immigration (29%)4. Economy (26%)5. Crime (22%)Concern over crime has more than doubled since start of 2018YouGov August 6 
A reminder that @patel4witham's claims that #Remain cheated have been dismissed by the Electoral Commission. Just more #LeaveLies to add to the mountain of mendacity perverting our politics. Defend democracy #StopBrexit and #JailTheLeaveLiars!#Brexit 
Why don't the BBC have this expert caller on Question Time?Seriously, why don't they?Expert Schools James O'Brien On Brexit With Evidence-Based Facts#StopBrexit#Peoplesvote 
Is it just me or have Leaver loons stopped trying to pretend that there is anything positive about Brexit? They seem to be lying in a secret corner of twitter howling at the Brexit moon 
When you’re in the company of people from a variety of countries and you try and explain Brexit to them. ‘We’re intentionally impoverishing and isolating ourselves with the prospect of food running out but we are taking back control’. Cue disbelief mixed with pity and laughter. 
Mr. Lewis, if anyone should apologise to the voters it is @theresa_may for her broken #Brexit promises, not @borisjohnson . .  Florence Speech just empty words.   Appalling betrayal of trust  @BrandonLewis 
If their disorderly #Brexit plans do go ahead, many UK companies could be subject to potentially harmful takeovers by big US data companies. The Govt must focus on this since the UK’s capabilities in crucial technology may be compromised by their inaction. 
I understand Boris Johnson has refused to apologiseIt’s ridiculous to think that the Government might be brought down by Burkhas rather than Brexit!  
From different political families but always admired her as one of the hardest working outstanding MEPs. Totally share her concerns about Brexit.  
Gosh.As predicted by all carbon-based life-forms in Scotland except her lap-dogs, it looks like Sturgeon will  spend her summer recess wording her excuses for not "calling" the referendum her Moonies have convinced themselves will be held by March 2019.  
"worth £10m a year over the next five years..."Brexit = "£200,000 a week" should be painted on a bus! 
The Independent's #FinalSay campaign is demanding that voters are given a voice on the Brexit deal. Join over half a million others and sign our petition here -  
Why oh why, does May keep on trying to peddle this 'chequers' #Brexit deal, when it's very plain that it's a deal that nobody wants not even remainers. I've read it and it's twaddle, dressed up as a 'deal' but actually nothing of the sort. 
An extract from my speech to the Freedom Association in High Wycombe at the weekend, which may be useful to Brexit campaigners:‘The UK’s cumulative trade deficit with the EU since 1973 is £408 billion’. 
How Brexit is making young Eastern Europeans in the UK fear for their futureArticle by @DanielaSime and  @DrNaomiTyrrell 
“Iran is not your personal property. Hold a referendum on talks with the U.S.” reads sign held by a man in Tehran who appears to address Iranian authorities. Via  @nahidmolavi 
Brexit means Grow your own Vegetables in Pots  
Straight out of 1930s Germany - right-wing thugs attack a socialist bookshop. They will be burning the books next. This is what Brexit is doing to Britain  
UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns: “a frictionless free trade deal with the EU and access to a reliable and competent workforce for farm businesses is critical to the future of the sector” 
Paris to replace London as bridgehead for HSBC operations.Nice work, Leavers.Brexit,eh?  
Reminder: Wilbur Ross is the guy who rubbed his thighs and said Brexit would turn the UK into a fire sale. He wanted to skin us alive. What a terrible shame he's in deep, deep trouble.  
You hear a lot of people talking about a "no deal brexit" and they say "we'll just revert to WTO rules". But what does that actually mean? This is worth a watch. I certainly learned a lot.Thank you @JasonJHunter @donnyc1975 @EveryCountry 
BrexiteersThe Remain Establishment,(I Inc Theresa May)are pushing for a second referendum & not only that they want to fix the results by having 3 choices, to divide the Leave Vote  In order to do this they will need to delay ART50 in March 2019..You have been warned!!  
Owen Jones  attacking Andrew Neil now. He’s done Brexit, Conservatives, Donald Trump, lots of other people. Never stops crying  everyday the baby. Andrew Neil best political interviewer,  on TV by a mile. Owen Jones does for journalism, what Giant Haystacks did for GYMNASTICS.  
The former spokesman for Miliband has now taken a comfortable role as Director of Communications for the George Soros-funded People's Vote campaign. We say NO to a Second Referendum! 
May’s Government ‘Wasting Brexit Leverage by Handing EU Firms Big Contracts’  
UK will soon seek extradition of two men said to be responsible for Novichok nerve-agent attack. Putin will probably assign the case to the same team investigating Litvinenko's murder, the MH17 downing, the manipulation of US election and Brexit vote, etc.  
No Jolyon we won't. After Brexit we will finally be able to blame our own politicians because outside of the EU, unlike now, our politicians will be elected by us and can be ejected by us. THAT is what #Brexit is all about!  
If nothing else, please think of the young people who overwhelming want to Remain & whose lives will be blighted by Brexit.We're supposed to want to give them a better future. Brexit is a bad decision, but it's not a done deal.#FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
Angry about Brexit? David Cameron’s smiling festival selfies definitely won’t help  
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
I think that there are 2 possible answers1. The average voter is very uninformed, and politicians who are in charge deliberately mislead them. This has come out of a lot of research, see e.g., on Trump but applies to Brexit too  1/ 
Worth pointing out that when speaking of a Global Britain after Brexit that has two sides: more open and friendly when justified, more closed and confrontational in other cases. Global means world-aware, not liberal 
CJEU, Brexit New AG opinion: UK intention to leave the EU doesn't affect validity of European Arrest Warrants issued by the UK, for nowCJEU judgment in this case likely in September  
if it's too hot to be going out campaigning today, don't let the day pass you by; write to your local paper to get the anti-Brexit message out there! bonus points if you draw attention to the #PeoplesVote campaign and #FinalSay petition!!  
Brexit campaigner who was hounded by the Electoral Commission and fined £250 for writing the wrong date on a form gets his own back by handing in the cash in pennies:  
The problem with many Brexit supporters is that *they* don’t remember this country before the EU when we were the “sick man of Europe”  
Who's left pushing for a hard #Brexit now? Tory MPs, spivs, addled pensioners, racists, xenophobes and far right (and left) wing lunatics (these are not mutually exclusive). We are now living in a failed state with no effective opposition. 
"Having a different surname doesn’t make you more likely to abduct your children. But moving towards a post-Brexit immigration system that, just as with marriage, reinforces women’s dependency on their husbands, does" - @hannahpeaker1 
Will Brexit change the UK constitution? A @HansardSociety blogpost by @cambridgelaw’s Professor Alison Young 
BFE: Even Vote Leave accepts the £350M a week lie, but it goes much further. We were ALL told Brexit would bring us riches untold. Now, with a £50Bn "divorce" bill and the pound falling; all of us are counting the pennies... Sign the petition today!   
Always predicted during Referendum campaign Argentina and Spain would seize the opportunity to cause UK a problem in the WTO. The others were unknowns.  
A really brilliant thread. Putting people in their place is central to the whole Brexit project.  
"Last day of sun bathing for me" @Number10cat this morning. While all his MPs take a 7 week break, Theresa popped in for a few hours and then left again as she prepares for a 2 week walking holiday in Switzerland, not surprising Brexit is in such a mess  
Very convincing lies weren't they? But that's what they were, lies. I will not support a vote achieved by cheating and breaking the law. They are shit scared of a #PeoplesVote because they know you have seen through their lies and now know their #Brexit dream is your nightmare.  
David Davis claims UK could still walk away from Brexit talks 
There’s a direct link between the Leave vote in the EU referendum and areas that suffered the worst Tory austerity cuts. Yet, due to propaganda from influential Brexiters and Brexit supporting media, voters most affected by Tory austerity blamed the EU and immigration instead.  
Nicola Sturgeon is not taking prisoners today. She's told that silly May a no-deal Brexit is "utterly unacceptable and deeply damaging."  
2016: “No downsides, only considerable upsides”2017: “They need us more than we need them”2018: “UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns”Stop this disaster. Hold a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit. 
EU citizens in the UK and #Brexit: what's next? Book a lawyer (for free) when you organise an info session on EU citizens' rights for your community -   via @YouTube 
The @independent's #FinalSay petition in favour of a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal is rapidly approaching 600,000 signatures.Add your name here! Please RT:  
"Brexit will mean the end of British food standards"... They should have put that on the side of the bus. 
WATCH: leading comedians @MrAndyParsons, @mattforde, @ayeshahazarika, @domjoly, @Aiannucci, @JKCorden, @iamjohnoliver & Steve Coogan all back a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.They know Brexit is no joke. It's time for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
Angry about Brexit? David Cameron’s smiling festival selfies definitely won’t help  
It’s official. Chocolate currency is now stronger than real currency, as the pound hits an 11-month low. #NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Same sentiment goes for Brexit too. The amount of “oh shit this is really hard guys - get ready to get fucked by a no deal” from government officials put in charge to manage it is ridiculous. Of course it’s not easy - sort it out you pricks. 
Scotland voted overwhelmingly to stay in the EU. For Scotland to be dragged out of the EU against its will is an affront to democracy. This undemocratic scenario is diametrically opposite to the view of Brexiters who claim that Brexit is the ‘will of the people’. 
Paragraph 1: “A no deal Brexit would be no hardship.” Paragraph 2: “We’ll want compensating for any losses.”  
Sturgeon would have happily led us out of the EU and the UK if she had achieved her independence objective. There was no worry about the economic consequences then. It's totally hypocritical of her to moan about Brexit. 
From #Austerity, to #Brexit, to economic collapse#Conservatives have crippled the country over consecutive parliamentary termsDamning new study#JC4PM 
Dear @DUPLeader I do hope you appreciate that you've signed the death warrant of the union between Northern Ireland & Britain. #Brexit is all about English nationalists who don't give a toss about Ireland, and Remainers will want you lot kicked out ASAP. Bye bye, good riddance. 
Calais region's president has lashed out at European Union plans to exclude French ports from post-Brexit shipping plans. 
Notable by absence in the current Brexit debate. Any kind of a realistic positive vision for the post-EU UK - in terms of economy, business, international relations. This might become a thread 1/ 
So Nicola should be maximising the 'opportunities' of Brexit? What are those Ruth? Spell them out to the people of Scotland. Put up or shut up. You and your party are only interested in survival with total disregard for citizens across the UK. #DarkMoneyDavidson #FoodStock #Shame 
Leeds for Europe are proud to support our friends in Birmingham, EU in Brum, as they raise funds for the Bin #Brexit March and Rally to take place on 30 September 2018 in their fine city. Please donate here if you can:  
#tueadaythoughts what’s infuriating me about Brexit today is 1: no Leaver has either calculated or explained that a WTO deal will INCREASE tariffs for our exports, completely the opposite of what they promised 2: far from increasing Control, we’ve lost control. Brexit is insane 
This expert in international trade schooled James O'Brien on a no-deal Brexit using evidence-based facts. @mrjamesob | @JasonJHunter 
The people must be given the final say on the Brexit deal, and the opportunity to #ExitfromBrexit if they believe Britain deserves better. Add your name and share today:  
10. The Brexit ultras are people of poor character seeking to exploit public ignorance and attempting to deflect blame for their own incompetence and intransigence. We must make that known. We have to make their lies cost them personally. 
1. We are presently in the midst of an information war. They tell me "play the ball, not the man" but what do you notice about Redwood, Paterson, Nelson, Lea, Meyer, Baker, BrexitCentral et al? They are ALL in transmit mode only....#Brexit thread 
I was delighted to welcome the Young Socialists of Germany to Liverpool. We discussed Brexit, responding to the rise of the far-right and the need for socialist and progressive forces to cooperate across Europe.  
*BLOG* Hannah Freeman, @WWTworldwide, stresses the great opportunity the Government has to protect our environment post-brexit and the importance of an environmental watch-dog, legally binding goals and principles to achieve this. @michaelgove @DefraGovUK  
More bad news for #Brexit Britain. Even the humble sandwich will be no more. None of these basic ingredients is available from outside the EU or in the UK. Millions of workers will starve at lunchtime, leading to lower productivity and a fall in GDP. 
2016 - There is no downside to Brexit. Only a considerable upside2017 - Blue Passports2018 - Gov't admits to plans for emergency food and medicine stockpiles2019 - Britain could starve by AugustThis #Brexit thing. It's all going so well isn't it?#PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
In 2011, Theresa May rebuked a backbench Tory MP for calling feminists “obnoxious bigots.” The MP in question was Dominic Raab, now our Brexit secretary. We need a #PeoplesVote to ensure women’s voices are heard and women’s rights are not threatened!  
BREXIT LANE - Majority of Brits in favour of UK-only passport queues post-Brexit. - Includes 68% of Leave voters and 40% of Remainers.  
Prof Curtis also said of #IndyRef2 'It's very contingent on Brexit'. So you're in no position to argue against the necessity of 'pushing the button' as you've already told us that Brexit means 'crashing the economy'  #scotref 
In my most radical opinion yet i am going to suggest sandwiches will continue to exist post-Brexit.YEAH I SAID IT#IshallDieOnThisHill 
As I've often said, no deal Brexit is a dreadful idea, but it's important not to *overstate* its problems either. "The UK has to rejoin the WTO" is an occasional "Remainer Euromyth", which this thread rightly debunks.  
"We cannot have a blind Brexit” says Nicola Sturgeon  We agree - that's why we're calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. If you agree then march with us in October:  
The ‘Leader’ of her Majesty’s official Opposition is living in a world of ‘alternative facts’ in which #Brexit will boost British business. With his inaction and silence he is laying the path for an entirely chaotic Brexit that puts public finances at risk. 
Stockpiling parts to mitigate the impact of a 'no-deal' Brexit would cost Bombardier's Belfast business up to £30m, the plane maker has warned  
I converted to Scottish Independence in 2013 after reading this fantastic article by @kmckenna63.Because of Brexit, Scottish Independence is an absolute no brainer - Independence & EU membership rather than Westminster rule & Brexit.#IndyRef2 
No voters in Scotland (narrowly) want to stay in the EU, but they DON'T want a second Brexit referendum in order to have the chance. We suppose that's at least sort of consistent.  
London is the world's pre-eminent financial hub. Brexit won't change that  
Sunderland has been neglected by successive governments. Now this government is set to repeat this mistake by delivering a botched Brexit deal.It's vital that the communities most affected by the deal get a say on it. Agree? Share this post.  
Disapproval of the government's handling of #Brexit reaches a new high - 76% now disapprove. Sadly many still don't understand that there is no way of making a good job of a project based on lies, fantasies and delusions. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
1/ A couple of misconceptions about Brexit and the WTO, including one just repeated on @mrjamesob program. James quoted the length of time it took countries like Russia to join (Accede) to the WTO as an indicator of how difficult things will be for the UK. That's misleading. 
Hearing Evil Vile Theresa May Is in Our Bonnie Scotland today. With Her Brexit Tour at an undisclosed venue preaching to a hand picked audience. Get out of my Country  May we have No Interest in Your Lies About How Wonderful Brexit is going to be. You have No Place In Scotland..  
"The European project will be lucky to survive more than a decade", says @Nigel_Farage as he claims Brexit was just "the first brick knocked out the wall". There are many others vying for their own independence from the Brussels bureaucrats! We stand with them!   
But of course our current leadership wants to press on with austerity. Make no mistake, it's a full-on war on the poor. Destroying them by a thousand cuts, dismantling their libraries, schools, NHS. And to put austerity on steroids with Brexit and then say "you voted for it". 15/ 
Brexit will have most devastating effects in areas already struggling to get by. People increasingly unhappy with austerity who voted for UKIP and now also Brexit. They don't want austerity. They don't want children's centres closed, infrastructure falling apart 14/ 
Now you might say, hey wait a minute aren't people in deprived areas the same people who voted FOR Brexit in large numbers? And shouldn't we go through with it no matter what otherwise it will be a betrayal of their vote.You see, that's the beauty of Brexit. 13/ 
We loathe Scottish Nationalism (SNP)  & are saying NO to another referendum on independence . I am looking to connect with others who agree Please:1 Like2 Retweet3 FollowI will follow back Copy this tweet to your own. #Savetheunion#notoindy#nicolagetstuffed 
Nigeria will turn to history if Nnamdi Kanu is not released to conduct referendum- IPOB  
UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns  
"It is crucial that we have a people's vote... because it would be ludicrous to make such a massive decision based upon a narrow margin in the referendum following a campaign where people weren't furnished with the full facts & ramifications of Brexit."  
Sean Dyche has obviously been at the receiving end of a hard brexit on @FootballManager which has resulted in him stockpiling English goalkeepers. He knows it's going to be impossible to sign 16 yeard old Colombian wonderkid goalkeepers in the not too distant future... 
.@cajardineMP lays into the PM's mishandling of Brexit as Theresa May heads to Scotland for talks with Nicola Sturgeon.If you think the Tories have made a mess out of Brexit and you want the final say on the exit deal, add your name:  
Unfortunately many people still fail to grasp that no government could make a good job of #Brexit. When a project is founded on lies and delusions it will inevitably result in failure no matter who is in charge. #Peoplesvote #StopBrexit 
Queuing for my International Driving Permit so I can carry on commuting to work after Brexit. #BrexitRedTape #BrexitIsPersonal 
First and foremost, Brexit is the project of putting EU citizens who come here in their place. How dare you come here taking jobs without having to jump through our visa hoops?How dare you come here on equal terms with British workers? 2/ 
I've been struck by this article on how lack of EU carers forcing women to care for elderly people after #Brexit is a feature, not a bug of Brexit. Brexit is the project on putting people in their place. 1/ 
Khalistan is cooking in Punjab in name of Referendum 2020. ISI & Pak Lt Col Shahid Mehmood behind Khalistan movement in Canada.1) Canada has become hub of Anti-India activities, Why Canada sheltering Khalistani groups?2) Why Canadian PM attending Khalistan events against India? 
Farmers warn that a 'bad Brexit' could starve Britain by next August  via @business 
Amazon has assessed the potential for “civil unrest” if the UK exits the EU with no deal. Although an unlikely scenario, it shows the mess the Tories are making of Brexit. This is why the people must be given the final say on a deal and an opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit. 
The UK has been stockpiling food and medicine in the event of a Brexit without any alternative deals in place. It's also a reminder for the whole world how vulnerable the global trade system really is.  
Brexit fear-mongering is becoming tedious as Remainers are getting desperate.  Police commissioners should just ensure diligent policing and even-handedness when executing censure and arrest instead of looking for excuses.   
“We cannot accept that no deal is better than any deal.”Representatives from the shipping industry have called for Brexit talks to be extended to avoid the "disruption" of a no-deal scenario  
The People's Vote on #Brexit outcome. Please share - the closer we get to 66, 613, 545 votes the better. Brexit will improve my life 
UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns  
Qns every Brextremist should be forced to answer @bbclaurak @SkyNewsPolitics @Channel4News Is there any basis at all on which you would change your mind on Brexit?What damage is too great to justify Brexit? What would it take for you to concede that you were wrong?Please add. 
Our senior politicians are meeting with the truly loathsome Steve Bannon and shortly after:* Lying about the benefits of no deal Brexit * Publishing dog whistle articles to appease the BlueKip voters * Making a push for power These things aren’t coincidental folks. 
"We have to choose between being in a protectionist EU on the one hand...or creating Free Trade deals – and even bringing in unilateral free trade the first few years after Brexit – in order to secure lower prices for citizens and small businesses."  
The stench of corruption of a senior poltician being paid £275k by the tax-dodging owners of the Telegraph while furthering their political aims in his political activities.#brexit #Peoplesvote 
Yesterday, we reported how Brexit could put our holiday making industry (and 25,000 linked jobs) at risk.Today, new research from @peoplesvote_uk shows it could devastate British tourist destinations (like Weymouth) too.Must Read  Please share 
Tell you what...I'm a tad sick & tired of being told by #Brexiters, Far Right fakers & Tommeh backers I can relocate to the EUI'm already in the EU so why don't you Trump loving #Brexit backing autocrats piss off to America so we can put you out of our misery.#PeoplesVote NOW! 
"Theresa May’s government is making a mess of Brexit... Yet at one of the most consequential moments in modern British history, the opposition is absent. The blame lies with its leader, Jeremy Corbyn..."  
Dear Blairites; your secret talks aren't secret. You're no more concerned about Anti Semitism and Brexit than you are about Tory Austerity. The majority of the membership are behind JC, and in my humble opinion will remain so. You're seriously deluded if you think otherwise  
READ: @BillyHayes_CWU and @mdbuckley say "the British public deserve the same respect as trade union workers." We need a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
THREAD 1/ Britain is increasingly a country of parallel universes and "neglexit" – when every other major policy issue gets neglected because of Brexit – is exacerbating the situation  
Theresa May blamed for 'chaotic' no deal Brexit preparations as row breaks out in Whitehall  
Rod Stewart's wife blames Brexit for fact they cant sell their £6million mansion. try stamp duty. At 12 % it will cost buyer a further £720,000- daylight robbery 
Heaton, Pope and now Joe Hart. Forward-thinking Burnley are stockpiling English goalkeepers as 'no deal' Brexit moves ever closer. 
The refusal to accept that leaving the EU is complicated, means that the inevitable consequences of Brexit would be seen by Brexit supporters as the EU trying to hurt us. #TuesdayThoughts 
Sophie In't Veld(Dutch MEP) - Why aren't UK politicians being honest with people that there is no such thing as a successful #brexit as it will always hurt & it's going to hurt lots of people but it will primarily hurt people in the UK. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Great British entrepreneur and Brexiteer, Peter Hargreaves is the latest businessman to blast the clueless Brexit negotiators in Westminster.It's time for a true Brexiteer to take the reins and get Britain back on track! Support us at  
If it weren't for family reasons, I'd go back to Canada in a trice. As it is, IF Brexit happens, I hope that the EU would decide to allow asylum to people like me who could have left, but stayed to fight relentlessly against it. I don't want to live in the wrong side of history. 
The arrogance and intransigence of the European Commission during the Brexit negotiations has exposed the EU's true nature to many previously naive Remain voters.  #Brexit 
Even Burnley’s third choice keepers have to be English. Granite Brexit Dyche cannot be stopped  
Delighted to see @DefraGovUK agrees with @RSPCA_official on need for stand alone sentencing Bill introduced quickly.  Concerned we are running out of time on sentience -   less than 8 months before #brexit  
POLL - If there were a general election who would you vote for? #Labour #Conservatives #SNP #GeneralElection #BBC #BetterTogetherBrexit #Brexit 
Had a chat last year, about Brexit, with a guy [who works IN A SCHOOL] who didn't just not know that the Republic was another country but then refused to believe me when I corrected him. 
EXCLUSIVETory-owned #Brexit Stamps on sale April 1st 2019#BrexitShambles.. 
'How do we make sense of the election of Trump, the continuing rise of Putin & Britain’s #Brexit vote? How do we understand changing freedoms 100 years after women’s suffrage i birth of Mandela?' Join us at 'Standing up for Justice' @edbookfest 26th Aug  
If you don’t want to read about @BBC’s Neil caught with his pants down with yet more far right loons, then ignore the below. On the other hand, you could help it go viral.Up to you...... 
The real reason Govt is once again holding back from publishing the guidance for a No Deal #Brexit & why they fight tooth & nail to prevent Parl scrutiny & accountability. Astounding the Labour leadership still fail to Oppose both Govt & a #Brexit that steals Rights & weakens us.  
A non-binding referendum where no one knew what they were voting for, where it's now polling 59% against a known Brexit deal, it was funded & attacked by Russia & was narrowly won by lies & criminality. It's those who don't oppose Brexit who should have to justify their position.  
There was a time when the Left used argument and reason to try and advance their cause. Post Brexit, Post Trump, they have abandoned that and use threats and violence. And the establishment goes with it. 
There should be a referendum on #Article35A issue in Jammu & Kashmir. The people should be given a chance to decide whether the law should remain or go! @News18Urdu @TheSamirAbbas 
Brexit, Tories, Labour.What did we do to deserve this desperate, epic mess?#PeoplesVote 
John Redwood: Spending the £39bn – cut VAT!Once we take back control of our money & laws on 29 March 2019, VAT will become a UK tax, not a Brussels tax.UK can review incidence & level of VAT rates, eg, we could abolish VAT on green products.#Brexit #EU 
Tourism industry is at risk after #Brexit. Important we have a #PeoplesVote to ensure vital industries get a say on the final deal: 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
Brexit isn't something that is just going to hurt some of us (badly) - everyone will be hit. After the slightly tongue-in-cheek references to #LoveIsland 2019 being held in Skeggy, the reality of post-Brexit travel costs & rights are being highlighted: 1/7 
Johnson has taken Bannon's advice - Play to the most crude bigoted instincts of your support base. They'll love you for shouting out what prissy liberals have been telling them to feel ashamed about. You are emancipating the bigots! #Peoplesvote #brexit 
The National Farmers’ Union has warned that the UK would run out of food by this date next yr if it can't continue to easily import from the EU & elsewhere after a No-Deal Brexit...UK 'Food security' has been in decline & Brexit is putting it at real risk. We need to #StopBrexit 
Arch idiot Gina Miler claims that 16 year old should have the vote because the effect of brexit will be with them for ever. What a moron she is. That being the case, give 5 year olds & the newborn the vote for the same reason. Why not go to the high court Miller, they might agree 
MUST-WATCH: @mattforde (with the help of an Edinburgh festival crowd) backs a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
This makes me so angry and frustrated ..why is nobody doing anything about it ?? Maybe because it affects the working class, people turn  blind eye or just don't care!! @WFBenefitsNews @BENEFITS_NEWS @Kevin_Maguire @Peston @Corbynator2 #angry #Brexit 
make itself poorer and less relevant? Etc. I must stress again that MPs have the power to end all of this ... if they care for the country and its people. Party lines don’t matter. Other political issues don’t matter. Brexit trumps everything and it must be stopped. 2/2 
The cross-party Association of Police and Crime Commissioners' Brexit Working Group has warned that a No Deal Brexit would pose a risk to the public as the UK would lose access to EU-wide security powers and databases.  
What post-Brexit haute cuisine would look like(credit of photo unknown, but looks like done by master chef)  
The Remainiacs really don't want to let the sandwich thing go; they must honestly believe they're changing minds with this rubbish. Reminder: Britain invented the sandwich in 1762 when it was actively at war with most of Europe; #Brexit won't stop us putting food in bread.  
Britain would run out of food on this date next year if it cannot continue to easily import from the EU and elsewhere after Brexit, the National Farmers’ Union has warned  
Poles in the UK urge May to protect them from a no-deal Brexit. We are increasingly uneasy says Federation of Poles in Britain in letter to PM.   
Brexit: Labour members back second EU referendum Come on Labour - show us you understand what "opposition" means & gives us a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
She couldn't even be bothered to vote in the first EU referendum, so why on earth would anybody listen to what this nasty piece of work has to say about having a second one?  
Theresa May is now essentially pursuing a cargo-cult Brexit.  
How can anyone think it's a good idea to approve aggressive coal mining in Sydney's drinking water catchment in the middle of a shocking, statewide drought? Vote in the People's Referendum on Coal and Gas. We deserve better than this. @NSWPlanning #nswpol  
May blamed for 'chaotic' no deal Brexit preparations as row breaks out in Whitehall  
It’s Tuesday.And the pound hits 11-month low, cementing its status as the worst performing major currency against the dollar.Bad news for holidaymakers, bad news for pensioners abroad, bad news for all.Call off #Brexit. 
Brexit is guaranteed to be terrible for the Scottish economy. How do we know this? Because you F*&$ING TOLD us it would be. Remember "you deserve the truth"? What happened to that? Fell by the wayside, why? Party loyalty. You put party before country. Not something our FM does. 
If Government had done what was voted for and not tried to circumvent the referendum vote and left the EU there would be no need for anyone to ask for a second referendum or any other vote on Brexit. 
BBC North Britain at their best again today talking about how the Dear Leader May is gracing the streets of a loving nation as she proclaims that Brexit will be a success for the whole of our glorious nation. All Hail May! All Hail Brexit! A grateful nation awaits with open arms. 
Poles in the UK urge May to protect them from a no-deal Brexit  
Britain is preparing for a "no deal" Brexit. Here’s what that means  
The Prime Minister ( or at least the advance press release for her visit to Edinburgh today) says #Brexit can lead to a “brighter future” for Scotland & the UK.  You are of course welcome to Scotland PM but that statement simply isn’t true.  #Brexit is a backward looking mistake 
Just got a PR email for a "celebrity love architect", a "masters certified life coach" who transforms "the face of love on this planet" with her romance "boot camps". Might see if she wants to write about Brexit. 
.@NicolaSturgeon will meet Theresa May in Edinburgh today and will challenge her to set out her #Brexit back up plan. Read the First Minister's comments in full.  
2016: “sunlit uplands”“easiest deal in history”“no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside”2018:  
That point in the morning when #r4today desperately tries to make a comparison between Brexit & millenium bug Y2kThank goodness both experts are explaining that the specification of Y2k was known in advance & millions of pounds & hours were invested in advance.Unlike Brexit. 
Now I don't want to give Tories a helping hand, but they need to do an awful lot more:1) End hostile environment for good & make right with Windrush generation2) End austerity3) Stop Brexit4) Fully support the NHS & its amazing staff5) Resource police properlyFor starters.  
Superb and sobering thread, illustrating in detail what Brexit is really all about and (indirectly) demonstrating why Scotland needs to get out of the UK, right bloody now. 
I’m in The Times today arguing that we should fear the divisions created by Brexit far more than a #PeoplesVote. Check it out:  @FFSake_ @peoplesvote_uk 
The First Minister has noticed Brexit will be damaging - so why don’t @theSNP back our campaign for a final say on the vote? Ah no wait ... Indy is more important to them isn’t it? #libdems demand an #ExitFromBrexit 
Take a look inside the luxury country estate where Labour rebels plot against Corbyn and Brexit. Loved by bankers from Hong Kong and the US, it comes complete with Blairite eco-lodge tree houses, a private chef and falconry and shooting facilities:  
Prof Curtice is correct.Nicola Sturgeon is hiding in plain sight and ignoring Brexit in the vain hope it will somehow benefit her own career.Crap leader. Really crap. 
Theresa May's tactic of using a no-deal Brexit as a bargaining chip is not working  
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped #StopBrexit#FBPE #PeoplesVotePlease sign and  re-tweet 
The earlier football transfer deadline, a self-inflicted wound which disadvantages English teams while Europeans can still trade freely, is such a welcome relief from the problems of Brexit 
Why has the BBC not done a piece on falling child obesity after Brexit - you know, when we are all starving to death. Surely that's a big plus and a fabulous good news story!? 
"HOW’S THE EU DOING FOR YOU, ANGELA?" Read Part 2 of our shocking report on Germany's exports.  This matters for #Brexit.Full story:  
I detest Brexit with a passion. I hate all it stands for. There is not a single aspect with which I agree - not the destination, nor the process. I will continue to hold to account all those responsible for the lies, incompetence & the sabotage they are inflicting on our country.  
If #Brexit is such a good idea and will bring untold benefits, why is the UK desperate for a deal and a two year transition that will effectively keep it in the EU until 2021? 
"ENGLAND, ENGLAND, UBER ALLES" - Latest German govt figures show UK is biggest earner in EU for German industry.  Shocking, 'must-read' #Brexit Facts4EU report:  
Theresa May has totally failed to get the support that she needs in the EU for her Brexit deal. She needs to bring it back to the UK and let the public have a say on the final deal. Time for a #PeoplesVote #r4today 
It wasn't long ago that Sarah Wollaston rightly said that talking about a second referendum "would just encourage the EU to give us the worst possible deal."So... why is she talking about a second referendum now?   
I really hope someone is collecting the many Brexit analogies... some are great  
MUST-WATCH: @mattforde (with the help of an Edinburgh festival crowd) backs a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. The people have spoken. It's time for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
No-Deal Brexit will break ‘EU’s own laws’That’ll be #remain then.Sorted.#FBPE 
WEAK: Government 'wasting Brexit leverage by handing EU companies big contracts'.“We will be the suckers who buy things from them even if they cut us out. The civil service is letting Britain down.” 
Ah those perfect Twitter replies on Brexit. Cc @lewis_goodall 
You can’t trade without a trade deal. And if Britain leaves the EU with a no-deal Brexit, it will be the only country in the world to have no trade deals with anyone. 
Hands up who thinks Rod Liddle would still have called for me to be sacked from my EU job if I had been using my personal twitter account to attack the EU and back Brexit? 
400 favs and my mate KEITH will get “Brexit means Brexit” tattooed on himself  
William Hague warns Emmanuel Macron not to stand in way of Brexit deal - “come the next recession, fragile Italian banks are going to need access to London's capital market”Where to even start with that.., 
'We now know the EU Referendum was rife with illegal activity and cheating. We cannot stand idly by while our democracy is being attacked. If you rob a bank and get caught, they don't let you keep the money.' @fairvoteuk @kyletaylor 13 days to go:  
Britain 2018: wanting to control open border immigration = Far RightWanting to stop Muslim terrorism = Far RightVoting Brexit = Far RightConcern over grooming gangs/lack of cultural integration = Far RightConclusion: most of UK = Far Right?  
UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns  
Police chiefs warn a no-deal Brexit will cause 'chaos'Rubbish! We lead the World with GCHQ etc!  
Brexiters have had 45 years to come up with a coherent plan for Brexit. Yet here we are, 8 months away from leaving the EU, and still there is no workable plan. And that’s why we are heading towards a no-deal Brexit - because any Brexit deal isn’t as good as the current deal. 
Brexit is going to bugger up the future for the youth of Britain.They need their voice to be heard. What we need is a massive Band Aid type concert. Let’s get this off the ground. @DrBrianMay @Femi_Sorry @Andrew_Adonis 
Trump will 'force' May's government to accept hormone beef and chlorinated chicken after Brexit  No one will "force" people to buy it. So just yet another FAKE NEWS item so beloved by the rotton Globalist Cartel. Keep calm ave a Cuppa. 
The deranged Tory Party won't even risk pissing hard right idiots off by ditching the nonsense red lines in Brexit negotiations. These scammers don't give a damn about Hothouse Earth. Our nation is being run by dangerous parasites 
Jamie Foster: So Vince Cable wants to form a new anti Brexit party? Oddly there is already a centrist party that opposes Brexit. It is called the Lib Dems. Does Cable think so little of his own party? They must be furious. #csm #Libdems #brexit  
Still not a dicky-bird from *any* named Tory MP condemning Boris Johnson’s remarks likening Muslim women to letter boxes. Hugely irresponsible at a time when hate crime rising, by individuals emboldened by climate of divided nation his leave chums illegally won referendum on  
So @LiamFox thinks it’s all somebody else’s fault. Funny because I thought he said a post #Brexit deal with the EU would be the easiest trade deal in history.  
Charlie's a #remainernow I have shared many times before. Here is stating that he's now so against #brexit he will only vote for parties offering a #PeoplesVote. Moderate conservatives voters like Charlie are abandoning the party in droves, and will continue to do so over #brexit  
A hard Brexit would pose a risk to public safety, police leaders have warned in a leaked letter  
Nicola Sturgeon remains the only politician with a backbone, sane view and a plan for our situation. Time for Indy. #scotref #indy2 #stopbrexit #nicolasturgeonSturgeon warns May against making a no-deal Brexit more likely  
Sturgeon warns May against making a no-deal Brexit more likely  
Croatia's President, Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović says she believes EU - UK negotiations over #Brexit are 'not progressing smoothly' - adding that she respects the UK's decision to leave the EU.  
People who voted #Brexit were told the UK would have access to the tariff-free EU market, would get £350 million per week more for the NHS and would be better off. No deal means no access, a crippling of NHS and disastrous economic impact. Brexit voters have been conned. pic.twitter.com/hb6wm2dR4W 
"If ever you needed the little thread to pull from which the entire facade of Jacob Rees-Mogg's fraudulent Brexit support can be unravelled, it's this." @mrjamesob  
I just signed a letter telling the Government that, as an NHS professional, we won't stand for Brexit. Join me!  via @HealthierIn 
Every time May comes up to Scotland and says Brexit will strengthen the British Union, you know she is becoming ever more detached from reality. Brexit weakens the reasons for the British Union, whilst strengthening the case for the EU, which gains support every time she speaks. 
An open letter to the Government“We are doctors, midwives, nurses, researchers and others working in the NHS and health services across this country, and we demand a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.”NHS staff -please sign! #PeoplesVote 
Have signed this important letter co-ordinated by @BenPBradshaw to @metpoliceuk and @NCA_UK calling on them to investigate law breaking by Vote Leave & others #Brexit  
Brexit: Shipping industry calls for Brexit talks extension amid fears of no-deal outcome. Failing to secure a deal will mean delays and disruption at ports like Dover, Holyhead and Portsmouth, industry warns  
Calling all #NHS workers. @HealthierIN are looking for 500 signatures from people working in the NHS to endorse this letter. Please RT. #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Mayhem has overplayed her hand.There's an anti-Brexit mood among EU27 voters. It's not a high priority but there is annoyance at Tory arrogance & demands for special treatment. Many EU voters would like to be rid of Brexit & UK politicians, for good. 
Tuesday, August 7th 2018.It is now 78 days since my last interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation.#brexit #indyref2 #scotref #darkmoney 
The supreme Brexit irony .....Remainers lost the referendum because they didn't realize identity trumped economics for most BrexiteersBrexiteers will lose against the EU because they don't realize that identity trumps economics for most EU countries (above all Germany) 
"There isn't one person on our Brexit team that has a clue. None of them are brave. None of them have done a deal... They've left it to civil servants and not one of them has done anything of any worth in their lives."The Brexit billionaire lashes out  
Here's how a no-deal Brexit will affect your sandwich  
A leaked gvnmt report has said that a shortage of care workers after Brexit will mean women quitting their jobs to look after elderly -Brexit there will be a shortage of 6k doctors, 12k nurses and 28k care staff - within five years! #BrexitShambles #r4today 
This. Brexit is an alt-right wet dream. Support it and you support them. It’s that simple. 
Donald Trump man with balls of steel, doing fantastic job in . Doing trade deals, economy 4 .1% GDP more jobs.. Wish we had him here sort Brexit out. We got Theresa May waving white flag to EU. Dithering everyday.  And Jeremy Corbyn In EU out EU in EU out EU who KNOWS.    
The pound may slump 10% on a no-deal Brexit  
Independence remains the only viable Brexit parachute -  #ScotRef 
In April the snow was blamed for the poor performance of the UK economy, in the spring the royal wedding was tipped to give us a boost, now its the sun causing problems and in the autumn it will be the wrong kind of leaves.Can’t be #brexit though ...  
Europe should help the U.K. to cancel Brexit  via @bopinion 
The Hawks have confirmed that there is an ongoing investigation involving British businessman and Brexit financier Arron Banks and his former business associate, Chris Kimber; and has escalated the investigation to its head office.  
Brexit: Police commissioners concern over 'no deal'  
To those of us preoccupied with Brexit as the worst thing that can happen to Britain, let's not let it take our eyes off the ball: Earth one degree away from entering hothouse state of no return.#StopBrexit #LetsMakeBritainSaneAgain #climatechange 
Pound frail on Brexit fears, dollar steady  
If the language of priorities is the religion of socialism as Nye Bevan said then Corbyn choosing to opt out of IHRA definitions & causing all this furore when we are heading for a no deal Brexit, proves he’d not only make a terrible PM, he’s also an incompetent socialist. 
'Absolutely no way' demands for people's vote on Brexit deal can be ignored, says senior Momentum sourceCome on #Remain...interesting bedfellows but let's give Momentum our support to get a change of Labour policy & thwart the ERG #BrexitLive poll too...  
Let this election be a referendum on sensible gun laws. Dan Patrick is owned by the gun lobby, whereas I speak for Texans. And Texans demand sensible gun laws. I stand with @MomsDemand! We need sensible gun laws now. No more talk. #txlege #CanDan 
Meet the Pakistan Army Lt Col who is the ISI brain behind pro-Khalistan initiative in Canada & Europe as well as the 'Referendum 2020' campaign by  Khalistanis in Canada.   
Maybe it's time that Labour recognised that all versions of #Brexit leave us Poorer & Remove Rights & hand the country to the Far Right; and that only an anti Tory Alliance & a #PeoplesVote allowing the Ppl a #FinalSay with a #Remain option can thwart them. 
Former Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn files more than 86,000 signatures to place a binding referendum on the November ballot that would set term limits for Chicago mayors.However, the measure is not certain to end up on the ballot at all.  
Brexit would impact on individuals’ lives in ways that nobody had even thought of in 2016.@benjaminbaccas from @InFactsOrg is doing a great job spotting & explaining the hidden impacts that most still aren’t aware of & won’t be until the effect is felt. 
It's unfair for the DWP and Jobcentres to bully sick and disabled benefit claimants to find employment when many British businesses are already planning hiring freezes, redundancies, investment cuts, and company relocations as a result of the Brexit vote. 
UK PM May to meet Scotland's Sturgeon after Brexit standoff  
Hard Brexit #ChinaDailyCartoon #Brexit  
Police and crime commissioners have written a letter to Home Secretary Sajid Javid claiming that a no deal Brexit would constitute a significant risk to public safety. Given their present success in solving crimes (when they bother to investigate them) why should we worry? 
Thanks to @RaheemKassam for speaking with me in depth about Brexit and the European Union. I suspect that his impending run for London mayor will be remembered as the British parallel to William F. Buckley's run for New York City mayor in 1965. 
Brexit: getting the message - even as the "reckless right" are planning their palace coup (maybe), their false messages are being countered. . Every one of us has a voice. We must all learn how to use it the most effective way...  #Brexinfo. 
If unions overturn Missouri’s “right-to-work (for less)” law in a referendum vote on Tuesday, anything is possible for this country’s resurgent labor movement.  
Billionaire Peter Hargreaves, who was one of the biggest financial backers of Brexit, is fuming over how the exit is being handled  
Message to all those liberals advocating open borders.If you import the third world - you will get third world problems. It's not that hard to understand is it?The British National Party will continue to campaign for a traditional Britain!#Brexit #Immigration #bitcoin 
Nicola Sturgeon to demand 'plan B' from Theresa May to avoid 'catastrophic' no-deal Brexit  
1. There won't be adequate food after all2. NFU says brexit is an opportunity to eat more turnips and less foreign lettuce   
Strange how they rarely mention Minford predicts the annihalation of manufacturing, deep trouble for agriculture and an ever increasing wealth gap between rich and poor as the welfare state is destroyed. Anyone would think those were vote losers. 
We are imminently about to find out that Brexit is a project of the reconstituted English section of the Situationist International 
What an incredibly powerful oped by @teachfirst ambassador Jason Arthur “A people’s vote will not be as divisive as broken Brexit promises 
Standing on the verge of the UK’s self-destruction, goaded on by Nigel Farage, Boris Johnson, Michael Gove & Jacob Rees-Mogg, the four horsemen of the Brexit apocalypse, our only salvation is a Public vote on the EU Deal    
UK would run out of food a year from now with no-deal Brexit, NFU warns  
What obtuse polemic!We were on our uppers, crippled financially by WW2 owing millions to USA in war loans and a massive rebuilding program due to war damage.The empire was unsustainable. We begged to join the Common Market and our country stabilized after we joined.#Brexit 
Wonderful news - great credit to the whole team and how tragic that Brexit means we won’t be able to receive such grants in the future.  
The Spanish government's reaction to the referendum using military to assault civilians and then abducting legislators and holding them hostage actually move events in favor of an independent Catalonia. The EU and the world now sees the gulf between word and deed. 
You know the very wealthy will be absolutley fine with #brexit If that's you. Good luck to you.If not then join the fight. #FBPE 
The last paragraph: "Labour insisted that a no-deal Brexit would be a 'catastrophic failure of government'." ... Yet it would be a catastrophy which Corbyn's strategic idiocy has virtually guaranteed, by refusing to support any constructive way out!  
The annual cost to the UK being in the EU is £8.1B. Whereas the size of the annual subvention to Northern Ireland is a whopping £9.2B.Never mind #Brexit the Uk could doubling its savings by facilitating a border poll and a United Ireland. #borderpoll #BrexitShambles 
The election of Donald Trump and Brexit were the result of divisive "culture wars"? Join the debate at the #OpenFuture event in New York  
Sorry, but "pressure" is not enough. The clock is ticking, and arch-Leaver Corbyn is just playing for time.#DumpCoorbynSaveBritain 'Absolutely no way' demands for people's vote on Brexit deal can be ignored, says senior Momentum source  
So few? & 2 key names missing...the Prime Minister of the Country & the Leader of the Opposition...I wonder why that would be?Thank U all who still have a desire to preserve our democratic process.#Brexit has been invalidated in so many ways...only a #PeoplesVote can sort it. 
Difference between UK and Dutch no-deal preparations:* NL published preparedness notices, and "Brexit impact scan" for cos not sure if they're affected. UK still waiting.* UK gets companies to sign NDAs. NL gives subsidised Brexit voucher up to €2,500 for professional advice 
10 Overall: some of the substantive arguments being made might be valid, but the process to enforce them is difficult and the remedies are limited. As magic legal arguments go, "international law means no deal Brexit is fine" is a Muggle. //  
Activists in Logan Square, Rogers Park and Uptown, where rents are rapidly increasing, turn in petitions for a ballot referendum on rent control. “Every day, people are being forced out of their homes ... now’s the time to do something about it.”  
Post brexit I’ve decided to grow my own oranges/cucumbers/olives/lemons/avocados and bananas - I’m trying to work out the most vital ingredient to make this possible .. well two to be exact .. any ideas ? 
Thanks. I used the widely-shared intellectual flaws in "The Wisdom of Crowds" correctly  to call the Brexit vote in June 2016 against the odds. But, please don't let me disturb your complacency.  
Everybody need to get out and vote for that JPS 65 million referendum so they can fix all these JPS schools. Yal know how bad they need it especially for those of you who are products of JPS 
A special #Brexit picture from hols for anyone who *still* doesn’t think there are customs checks at the Swiss / EU border - even on small mountain roads!! I will post some of the big freight checks on the motorway tomorrow...!! @peoplesvote_uk @WalesForEurope 
I don't believe that Boris Johnson is racist per se.I believe he thinks he is superior to everyone. He comes from a group who have been taught this. They believe it is their birthright to rule. #Brexit #FBPE 
Is this how the rest of the world sees divided & dysfunctional, Brexit Britain?“UK is bracing for food shortages, grounded airplanes and economic turmoil as fears grow that the country will leave the European Union next March without a Brexit agreement.”  
Getting rid of May and ignoring the drivel you are paid to write is the key to getting the best Brexit deal.  
Kid: What did you do when capitalism was collapsing, facism re-emerged, robots took all the jobs, people became data slaves and climate change destroyed civilisation?Neo-Liberal mum: I smeared a life long anti racism campaigner as a racistCentrist dad: But, what about Brexit? 
“No-deal Brexit will break the EU's own laws, UK ministers warn Brussels”... so now Brexiteers want the ECJ to be active on Brexit? Can someone wake me up when the credits roll?   via @Telegraph 
The biggest 'direct threat' to your 'type of journalism', Yasmin, comes not from #Brexit, but from the fact that it's boring, predictable, and piss-poor.  
Earlier today, the Lift the Ban Coalition (including CDSA members) turned in more than 5000 signatures to get non-binding referendum questions on the ballot in 3 North Side wards to #LiftTheBan on rent control! 
1/ This is a great thread on the legal effect of WTO law. The broader relevance is that WTO law is being pushed by no deal Brexit fans as a magic solution to any problems that might arise. Here's some thoughts on the overall context of this dishonest claim.  
Brexit  
BFE: BREAKING NEWS! Broadcaster, Actor and Comic @JKCorden has come out in support of a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal! Like us, he's simply baffled at the gulf between what we were promised and what it appears we're going to get! Sign the petition now!  
Did you discuss the recently signed EU Japan trade deal. That's how the big boys do it.  #brexit #brexitshambles #StopBrexit #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref2 
God knows I don’t wish Britain and its people ill— while I’m Irish-American, I’m also an Anglophile— but for the sake of justice, in seeing stupidity punished, I hope Brexit blows up so badly that English nationalism is discredited for a generation.  
When you're looking for that one justification for #Brexit that surpasses all others, however great & numerous, and that makes any even remotely-possible, minor problem pale into insignificance.(H/T @darrengrimes_ ) 
Looking forward to share a panel with Michael Farrell the author of the well read book - The Orange State in the Gasyard Centre at 7.30pm on Wednesday night. 50 years on from Civil Rights & the fight for Rights is as relevant todayBrexit is bad for RightsSee you in Gasyard?  
To be clear. I'm Tory & I'm a member.Tories stand for liberty. We're a broadchurch. Being a member doesn't mean you have to sacrifice your principles & views & agree with things when you don't.I'll campaign again when this #Brexit mess is fixed.#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
BREXIT: are you getting what you voted for?  if you think the #FinalSay should go back to the people, sign the petition for a #PeoplesVote on the final deal!#AVFCAlan Hutton#savingpoundstretcherHullBernard#hcafc#WDYTYAVilla#WhoDoYouThinkYouAre 
Macron’s bubble has burst. He’ll pave the way for a “populist” backlash at the next election. Any attempt to screw with Britain over Brexit will only make that backlash worse..  
Here's the letter from MPs and Lords asking MetPolice and NCA to investigate Vote Leave's crimes. I note that @jeremycorbyn and @Keir_Starmer are *not* signatories. Why not? Aren't they concerned that the referendum was won by the commission of electoral crimes?  
Theresa May in alliance with Far Right Hungarian Government votes against sanctions quid pro quo on Brexit... FFS!!! From June  
Give this video an hour of your time.  It explains why no deal is disastrous and WTO is not an option.The Brexit promised CANNOT be delivered. That's not the fault of the EU, but the self serving ERG.  
Brexit deconstructed  
whatever happened to Theresa May's commitment to tackle the 'burning injustices' that contributed to Brexit?this is brilliant from @SebastianEPayne (h/t @montie)and very much in line with ideas in #PositivePopulism - see  
As we are collecting bare faced, brass necked, blatant and dangerous lies of sociopathic #Tories...... feast your eyes on the latest offering by Daniel '#Brexit is my life's work' Hannan.Feel free to share widely.....  
“Democracy means giving the people the right to determine their own future, with a referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal with an option to stay in the EU.”Great to see growing support on the Left for a #PeoplesVote to #StopToryBrexit. 
20 years of British media lies about the EU chronicled and explained. This is just a small taste of the UK's two decades of fake news.Is it any wonder people voted for #Brexit?  
The mess of Brexit should be blamed on Brexit itself – along with the politicians who oversold it  
Does she have any intention at all of delivering Brexit?  
Farage pinpoints biggest mistake EU has ever made when confronted about Brexit campaign  
We are torn.No Deal Brexit means lots of opportunities to pretend to negotiate trade deals.On the other hand, it might stop us actually flying anywhere.Even with all our frequent flyer miles. 
One question @OwenPaterson MPWhy would the EU be intransigent and be "Forcing UK towards no deal Brexit" only to make itself £500Bn worse off and the UK £600Bn better off?It looks to us like misinformation and propaganda is being spread in national newspapers.#PeoplesVote 
Morten Morland on Liam Fox blaming Michel Barnier and the EU for the lack of progress on a Brexit deal – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
In 1956 Malta had a referendum asking its people if they wanted to become part of the United Kingdom rather than an independent state. They voted overwhelmingly in favour - but it never happened, for various reasons, mainly as Britain couldn't afford it  
Ministers in disgraced former defence secretary Liam Fox's trade department still haven't visited a number of countries they want to strike post-Brexit deals with  
Column: British politics taking neat Brexit straight from the 'no deal' bottle is not a happy sight from across the Channel.  
'Remain would lose even worse!' Owen Jones FEARS second referendum would UNITE Brexiteers . First time I have heard him say anything remotely intelligent.   
A poll simulating three possible versions of a second Brexit referendum all returned the same result: to remain in the EU  
Speeches have emerged of prominent Brexiteers supporting a referendum on a final Brexit deal from as far back as 2011  
It's always the case. First they get what they want, then they come for anyone who's different. If you still support Brexit at this stage, you're supporting fascism. You're one of those people from 1930s Germany of whom we used to ask "How could they let it happen?"#StopBrexit 
Presentation Of Nigeria As A Country Is A Disgrace And Will No Longer Be Acceptable, Let Conducte #Referendum - Annkio Briggs Blasts 
“We’ve obsessed about what happened between January 2016 and June 2016, but a lot of those currents that led to Brexit really were a long time coming,” @GoodwinMJ tells @nigel_farage  
Didn't see this one coming: 25,000 BRITISH job losses, mainly among young tour guides, if Brexit throws up barriers to free movement. At the moment that's such a small "if" that we they might as well start their Deliveroo careers now. 
France to miss out on BILLIONS of euros as ports rejected in post-Brexit EU trade route  
Interesting Tweet from the MP for Witham in Essex in July suggesting you contribute to help the legal costs of one of the key people in the Brexit ./ Vote Leave breaking of Electoral Law. What happened to the "party of law and order?" Or is it OK to break laws for Brexit?  
Some believe her departure before March – Thexit, as some are calling it – is essential to salvage Brexit, and they’re turning to Boris Johnson as the alternative. 
Are you proud of the damage you're doing to the Tory party?Are you proud of losing a majority to a far-left marxistAre you proud of trying to con us into a Brexit In name onlyAre you proud of losing members & core voters dailyBe proud enough to resign & let the party repair  
Remainer @OwenJones84 on a third referendum. Even a broken clock is right twice a day... Support us at  
From Edinburgh to Oswestry, Bristol to Brighton, here's how to get involved in your local anti-Brexit campaign  
1/ Keeping this tweet as more evidence of spreading grossly negligent information to the public.  This cannot be in keeping with an MP’s Code of Conduct.You know there is no Brexit bonus.  (ONS/OBR/IFS).You know the Economists for Brexit have been thoroughly discredited. 
3) Brexit day comes. EU imports show up on the UK border, UK imports show up on the EU border. What law will the customs officer look at? Only, only national law. They will not look at WTO law. If you say “but what about WTO law”? They’ll say: I look at my national rules. 
Treasure your NHS.  Fight for it.Stop Brexit.  
How the EU could clear the way for a second referendum and help Britain to cancel Brexit  (via @bopinion) 
Are you concerned about the following issues in BritainBrexitImmigration Animal welfare Freedom of speechSpread of IslamAnd many more Please support @ForBritainParty led by @AMDWaters The new voice in British politics 
This by @lewis_goodall is a wonderful explanation of why we are where we are with the #Brexit talks:  
Only a gang of crooks who stand to make millions out of the destruction of our country would even think about going on with #Brexit. 
So tomorrows' @BBCScotland Headlines With @BBCGaryR Perth's PRI is not shutting Oh why not?Kirstene Hair Tory MP stepped in to save itOh that's goodBBC's Gary And we have even better news to report Ross Thompson MP just saved Brexit in Japan 
There is no Brexit dividend, you muppet. Our net contrib is 0.5% GDP. Your hare-brain project already = -2% growth.Further; WTO cannot replace agreements in... citizen rights, cross-border healthcare, science collab, security & defence, qualification recognition, flights, etc.  
We’ve nothing to fear from a world‑trade Brexit - EFT Adviser Matt Ridley 
Hammond fears shift of bank capital after Brexit  
No-deal Brexit will put public safety at risk and reduce police capacity in UK, leaders warn government  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of JOB LOSSES.Part of the 'Learning to Live with #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit's painful reckoning can't be postponed forever  
There is no logical reason to leave the EU.Meaning leaving must be illogical.Therefore logic will not be an effective debating tool.Logic will not change minds if it didn't get them there in the first place.#FBPE #Brexit 
Not often I agree with Owen Jones:'Remain would lose even worse!' Owen Jones FEARS second referendum would UNITE Brexiteers   
British government turned down the request of Indian government to not give permission to referendum 2020 scheduled for 12th of August at Trafalgar Square London asking for independent Punjab - khalistan.#ReporterDiary by @loveenatandon 
You honestly couldn't make it up!!!  Nicola Sturgeon and Scotland didn't want this Brexit but Cameron went ahead and now we have a huge crisis and...  
May’s hard Brexit is very bad news for the NHS and doctors know it  - We agree, which is why we have leaflets showing the devastating consequences of Brexit on the NHS:  
Labour's grassroots turn against Brexit with policy change call  
I think it was Niall Ferguson who predicted that after Brexit and Trump, Silicon Valley would decide that their tech would never be easily used for non-left-wing things again. Alex Jones is a weirdo and we're better with him gone, but they're already hitting mainstream right, too 
You missed the sentiment of my tweet. It is not holidaying in Europe that we shall miss after #Brexit but travelling & trading across borders & sharing of another’s land as if it were our own, without constraint or judgement. Openness brings progress, development & tolerance. 
If there were a general election tomorrow, who would you vote for? #Conservative #Labour #UKIP #Libdem #Generalelection #GlobalBritain #BBC #Brexit #BREXITCLOCK #LEAVE 
Hi Mike, please see the below petition. Also I have a second one coming pushing for the A50 period to be extended later in the weekPlease supportThanksPetition: The Government must publish its own Brexit Impact/Risk Assessments  
She'll be pissed when she finds out Britain's Lord Ashcroft who worked on Brexit's Vote Leave, which he coordinated though Cambridge Analytica and the Russians, was paid off in shares of Russian gold and diamond mines. 
And now, we go live to BREXIT!  
"The repression of female advancement is not a side-effect, but a fundamental part of what was longed for as part of the Brexit package. And now we’re getting it."@glosswitch on that Department of Health dossier: 
Brexit GAME PLAN: Five tactics Theresa May can use to SAVE Brexit - including one EU FEARS  
The populist revolt that started with Brexit is just getting started. #FarageOnLBC 
#Iran’s president says that in ‘some important & very important issues on domestic & foreign policy’ a “referendum” can take place based on article 59 of the constitution. 
The sooner we have full, proper Brexit the sooner we can get over it and back on our feet. 
Which Brexiteer would you have presiding over Brexit negotiations with the EU? 
From time to time I still get stunned by Labour's brass neck. They fought as one with their Tory brothers in the independence referendum saying we were Better Together under Cameron and now all they do is moan about how the SNP failing to stop the Tory cuts they locked us into.  
I see eight countries are rejecting UK proposals for joining the WTO, you know the body that all the Brexiteers said we would just drop into after their hard no deal #Brexit has fucked us, Gove and Fox need to resign now and Mrs May must call #PeoplesVote, #StopBrexit 
#Brexiters: Nobody blames you for making a choice you thought would help your family. #Brexit leaders now tell us you voted for austerity for decades, and to ravage our industry with no EU deal.The country was conned.Be angry. You can still help. Demand a #PeoplesVote. 
Yes @CityAM is a Brexit rag. Christian May told his readers last Friday that campaigners for a people’s vote on Mrs May’s Brexit deal are ‘alarmist,’ ‘still fighting the Brexit referendum’ and ‘a real threat to democracy.’ Few in the City share these extreme views  
And here's my pledge:“I will never again vote for a Party that supports or otherwise enables Brexit.”Retweet if you agree.  
Bloody hell lads, this Brexit stuff is bloody brilliant  
First Lab should call for a pause in Article 50 which I think EU would welcome. Public already overwhelmingly of view that negotiations are going badly. So - pause, reflect, allow Tories to go on tearing themselves apart. Then call for new referendum as only way to break deadlock 
The EU has just signed it's biggest free trade deal with Japan, eliminating almost all tariffs, and covering 33% of the world's economy.Liam Fox has been talking to the Japanese about how to mothball their UK factories and wipe out British jobs.Brexit is for mugs.  
A Brexiteer has his last ever piece of cake before #Brexit. After you leave there will be no more. The EU will withhold flour, eggs and cream.  
Shipping industry calls for Brexit talks extension amid fears of no-deal outcome  
Whilst eating my middle class liberal elite smoked salmon for breakfast ( cost 4 quid in Morrisons)-I noticed it said farmed in Norway and Scotland- I take it his is to avoid the tariffs? What will uk fisherman do post brexit when they export all their fish to the EU ? 
Holiday prices forecast to rise by 31% due to #Brexit  
‘Hypocrisy’! Prominent Brexiteers blasted for dropping support of a second referendum  
Diageo sending a subliminal Brexit message to the Business Secretary on his visit to the Baileys plant?  
Post Brexit EU relationship will be asymmetrical & very difficult for the UK to deal with. UK is a medium sized power which leads it to have a distorted view of its status-small states don’t suffer from these illusions & the superpowers don’t need to.   
Europe should help the U.K. to cancel Brexit  via @bopinion 
Consistent with their evidence to the recent @LordsEUCom enquiry into EU/UK security cooperation after Brexit No-deal Brexit poses serious risk to public safety, say police leaders 
Good that the Police and Home Office have noticed this.Shame the security implications of Brexit have been treated as remainer scare-mongering for the last 2 years mind. Swings and roundabouts. Strikes and gutterballs. A nation's security. Ho hum. Nothing important.  
This petition is 3/4 of the way to forcing a govt statement, which we will be able to use to further highlight govt betrayal of EU27 citizens living here >> Keep the rights of EU27 + EFTA citizens already in the UK unchanged after #Brexit @InLimboBrexit 
"Collins could scarcely have imagined that he and his committee of 11 MPs would be catapulted into the centre of a global story that would go on to dominate headlines on both sides of the Atlantic." 
Adonis has no answer to J. Hartley-Brewer"Given that we have already decided the Remain Leave thing I am quite happy to have a referendum on a deal or no deal“But we have already decided it is not remain”  
unintentionally (I think) @ClareFoges makes powerful case FOR Brexit + why pursuit of a 'deal' w EU is total waste of time.UK govt should forget about EU talks, focus on a pro-growth pro-worker policy agenda: infrastructure, skills, 10% corporate tax etc  
ICYMI Brexit doesn’t like me because the way I am now is a compromise; a recognition of the legitimate aspirations of others; a complex overlappingness; a highly-functioning paradox. If there could be a such a thing as a metrosexual border I’d be the metrosexualist  
Brexit will be a titanic success said Boris Johnson#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy @spaceangel1964 @albawhitewolf @BrexitBin @BremainInSpain @OFOCBrexit @EUflagmafia @nickreeves9876 
Great from @Manuel_TSSAThose who schemed for Brexit and champion it now aren't aiming to solve inequality, injustice and poverty.They're the inevitable outcome of the de-regulated, low tax, low protection society Brexit lets them achieve.#PeoplesVote 
I’m a signatory to this letter calling on the Metropolitan Police and the National Crime Agency to investigate the crimes committed by the #Brexit Leave campaign - we cannot allow our country’s future to be decided by law breaking.  
Dave Brown on Liam Fox blaming Michel Barnier and the EU for the lack of progress on a Brexit deal – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
CONSERVATIVE #Brexit voters are returning to UKIP in fury at the Prime Minister’s controversial Chequers Brexit blueprint, according to Professor GoodwinThis is not looking good for the Tories who May is leading to oblivion#MayMustGo#ChuckChequers 
Here are the names of public representatives putting country ahead of party affiliation and demanding a full investigation of Brexit law breaking. If we condemn election cheating in Zimbabwe we need to condem it at home too. And decide what to do about it.  
How Australia's meat industry plans to flood post-#Brexit #Britain with products banned in EU 
Today: European Banking Authority invites tender for removal services from their London offices. #brexit reality.  
Why should the right-wing press & politicians care about the poor, the left-behind, immigration, jobs & wages & disadvantaged regions? The answer is they don't. All they care about is slashing the taxes & regulations that eat into their profits.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Just when I thought being associated with Brexit Britain couldn't get any more embarrassing, Boris Johnson opens his gob and spews out offensive shite (again). No wonder he's the poster boy of those Tommy Freedom Fighters with  next to their Twitter name. #RevokeRemainReform 
We all already knew that the pre-referendum Project Fear economic projections were fear-mongering nonsense & Moody's just confirmed it, claiming Brexit is only having a "modest but manageable economic impact."Not quite the full blown recession we were promised, @George_Osborne? 
.@LiamFox has eaten his words that #Brexit would be 'easy'. Im worried that the final deal might be a very bad deal, or it won't be the deal that people wanted when they voted in 2016That's why there should be a #PeoplesVote so everyone can have their voices heard, not just MPs 
Hammond has given an extra £800 million to the MOD this year but refuses any multi-year settlement. The annual deficit of the MOD over the next decade is £2 billion. So expect further cuts to all armed services. As with Brexit, the Tories are no longer guardians of the nation. 
By now I feel sick about Brexit: it's not just the instigators & Marxist cultists, but the passive spectators, who shrug *yeah whatever*. Self-harm & foul play now so palpably obvious, Brexit should be at about 15% in the polls, as there will always be Breatharians, creationists. 
The argument in 2015 was that GEJ had failed. Buhari is demonstrably worse than GEJ. Why should he get a second term?Don't let anyone fool you. #Election2019 is not about corruption. It is a referendum on Buhari. If we hand him another chance, we deserve what we will get. 
'Northern Ireland & the border went unmentioned in the wider debate during the 2016 EU referendum... There must be an informed #PeoplesVote so people can reflect on all the Brexit-related uncertainty' @ObvsOlivia of @NUS_USI hitting the nail on the head.  
Theresa May confident of reaching Brexit deal, sources say   - Once the final Brexit deal is reached, there should be a #PeoplesVote. If you agree then help us campaign for a People's Vote as a member of our grassroots organisation: 
Thank you. I didn't think an overspend of £600k by Leave Campaign was a big deal until I learnt that £600k could apparently buy circa 30 million plus targeted Facebook messages to voters in the 2-3 days directly before Referendum. 
No one voted to be less safe. The government will have blood on its hands if it continues on its ideologically driven path to Brexit. 
READ: European holiday prices are set to rise by 31% as a result of Brexit with as many as 25k UK jobs in the sector at risk  
24 hours later and I still can’t get over the irony that 1) #Sudan made Kiir and Machar sign an agreement and 2) in the same hall where the results of the 2011 #SouthSudan referendum results were announced. 
European holiday prices are set to rise by 31% as a result of Brexit @SBIT_UK 
Low Fact Chloe - stooge of the Tory right.#Brexit #ieatapes 
Great fun filming in sunny St Andrews with @RogMull and @MichelleThomson from @ChangeLtd! New video coming soon #Fife #StAndrews #Scotland #Brexit #MomentousChange pic.twitter.com/cJh2uoYoyP 
Jacob Rees-Mogg joins forces to call for a 2nd referendum Wow! The hypocrisy never stops from the ERG and Brexiteers #FBPE #WATON #FBR @abcpoppins @A50Challenge @Lawyers4EU @Women_4_Europe @Andrew_Adonis @nicbordeaux 
Give public 'deal or no deal' Brexit vote, welsh labour leadership candidate Huw Irranca-Davies says  
Labour members are mounting pressure onto Corbyn to change Labour policy on a Second referendum. The British Public do NOT want another referendum!  
I am not entirely convinced that getting advice on post-Brexit economics from @mattwridley, who was at the helm when Northern Rock sank, is particularly reassuring 
“If ever you needed the little thread to pull from which the entire facade of Jacob Rees-Mogg’s fraudulent Brexit support can be unravelled, it’s this” 
And people wonder why BBC viewers are so confused about the Irish border and Brexit?Not good enough @BBCSport. Cork hasn’t been in the UK for almost 100 years. 
Britain has soured on Brexit  
A tory pro brexit poll that needs some #FBPE love ;) 
Rees-Mogg: World Trade Rules Would ‘Work Well’ for UK, ‘Achieve Brexit Sooner’   
No-deal Brexit poses serious risk to public safety, say police leaders  
We will have results for #OH12 along with every gubernatorial and federal primary tomorrow. Four state primaries, a special, and a referendum, all in one spectacular night. 
A drop in the value of the pound could lead to a serious cost of living crisis, all because of a botched Brexit.Add your name if you think the people should have the final say:  
Industrial scale lying, tolerance of electoral law-breaking, rage at the Article 50 court case, attacks on the civil service and electoral commission and intolerance of opposition to #Brexit. The same tactics as Trump, a transatlantic assault on democracy.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
There is so much anger and so many lies about #Brexit, but there is one thing that I am completely clear on, and that is that at the 2016 referendum Nobody Voted To Be Poorer...  
Nigel Farage - "That is my prediction, that come the autumn, we will make yet more concessions. We will be humiliated further."There will be a massive establishment attempt to say time has now run out which suits Barnier beautifully." #Brexit  
One weird thing about Brexit is that now it feels like everyone likes me *except* hyper-British people and the DUP 
A growing number of British people have lost faith with Theresa May's handling of #Brexit negotiations and her shambolic #ChequersPlan If only we could get a new PM, new Brexit strategy and new Brexit negotiating team - AND pronto!  
Voters have made their decision. Second referendum campaigners like Chuka would be wise to remember their vows to honour that decision.  
It is a poor reflection on the UK today that the police have to be urged to investigate electoral malpractice. #Brexit #ElectoralFraud2016 
Sir Gerald Howarth - “I don’t think public opinion has shifted at all. Those who voted to leave I think are pretty concerned in their view.“They see the intransigence of the EU and their negotiators who basically put two fingers up to the UK." #Brexit  
Support for May's handling of Brexit falls to record low - ORB poll  
Nigel Farage - "There is no #Brexit deal with Barnier if dictated by him that would allow us to break free of the EU rulebook."I met him on the 8th January and the one thing he is determined to do is to make sure we are not allowed to have a competitive advantage."  
> Pound sterling slumps> “Just-in-time” corporate supply chains would be severed due to the sudden imposition of customs checks> Retailers warned of a serious risk to food supplies> Traders betting on future falls in sterling The Brexit dividend? 
An extension to the Article 50 timeframe could only be described as a total betrayal of #Brexit & only serve Remainiacs in their twisted ideological quest for yet another vote, in short an establishment stitch upWould like to know @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & @BorisJohnson thoughts... 
Lastest Project Fear: Brexit is bad for women's rights. How thick do you have to be to believe this?#Brexit #ProjectFear 
Just in time for your commute: @TheosElizabeth & I talk depression, psychedelic drugs, God, liberalism, Brexit and how to be objective & opinionated at the same time. Basically we talk about everything.  
Theresa May has failed spectacularly to deliver the Brexit that people voted for in 2016 and her approval ratings have hit rock bottom.Remainers have presided over this issue for too long. It's time for a Brexiteer to lead Britain!  
.@SDoughtyMP – No wonder confidence in PM’s handling of Brexit negotiations has collapsed  
A #PeoplesVote is more popular than ever. Many are asking what it will look like. That depends on Parliament and how #Brexit turns out. In the meantime, here's a fascinating article about how the way a vote is counted can change the result. 
.@EdwardJDavey "Losing the European Arrest Warrant and information-sharing arrangements will make it harder to keep people safe and bring criminals to justice. Yet Theresa May’s chaotic approach to Brexit is making that more likely by the day." #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
Wake up people. With predictions like these, you would be mad not to rise up against politicians who would still try to force you through calamitous Brexit. No deal could ever be better than the deal we already have. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
POLL: Only 22% of Brits think Theresa May will secure the right Brexit deal for Britain. A record-high 76% of people disapprove of the government’s handling of the issue. Terrible.  
EU is on the verge of causing itself huge economic damage by forcing a “no deal” over Brexit which in turn could see Britain thrive 
Brexit is a bit like when Geri Halliwell overestimated her potential as a solo artist and subsequently decided to leave the Spice Girls. 
Good to hear R4 Today fact-checking Bernard Jenkin’s claims about no-deal Brexit being painless and exposing them as false. I hope that from now on the BBC will hold all those who tell porkies about Brexit similarly to account. 
Great piece by ⁦@SebastianEPayne⁩. What is clear, though, is that the hard Brexiteers have a completely different (libertarian) vision of a post Brexit Britain, than the one needed to address the “burning injustices” behind the vote  
When we are talking about the "Will of the People" we should not be talking about percentages. Our argument must be against an attempt to delegitimise the core democratic right to oppose the government. Without that right there is no democracy.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
"The Government has also been too timorous, allowing the EU to set the terms of the Brexit debate, but once we leave we shall be the bloc's largest customer... So could benefit from studying Mr Trump's approach" @Jacob_Rees_Mogg@Stop_The_EU | @MoggMentum 
An xcellent piece. Brexit was always a right wing libertarian coup. They couldn’t believe their luck when they won the Ref and have been fighting ever since to destroy the social contracts we once had. Steve Bannon looms over all of this. Evil bastard.  
Business Sec Greg Clark is visiting Diageo’s Baileys plant near Belfast. It has a supply chain with high degree of Brexit exposure. NI milk processed in RoI, then cream taken back to NI before finished product is shipped via RoI.  
i do enjoy the Bollocks to Brexit stickers, but these last longer and are more effective! we need to concentrate on raising awareness of the #PeoplesVote campaign and the #FinalSay petition!  
The first job of any Government is to keep people safe, but by refusing to take the threat of a no deal Brexit off the table, our Government is at risk of doing exactly the opposite.  #peoplesvote 
Look I know the country is going tits up, but I did not expect times to be so hard that DC is now the stripper at a Brexit themed hen party.  
Brexiters, not Brussels bogeymen, must get blame for no deal."Fox & his ilk can’t be allowed to get away with this. They are to blame for the misery which will be caused to ordinary people by Brexit. They don’t have the courage or the honesty to admit it" 
Britain could leave the EU with a cliff-edge Brexit  
As the normalisation of theTommeh Rob inson Agenda continues in Brexit Britain, Boris Johnson decides to go full islamaphobe.Interesting to note,Hate preacher Bannon is a big fan and backer of both.#StopbrexitSaveBritain#FBPE 
British disapproval with how their government is handling Brexit reaches a new record high - 76% now disapprove  
Jacob Rees Mogg says a no deal Brexit & using WTO rules will work well for the UK & would allows us to achieve Brexit much sooner not to mention we can avoid May's awful £39 billion brexit bill  
There’s no one to blame for this mess besides the Brexiters and those who have bent over backwards to facilitate their obsessions – Theresa May leading the way.The #Brexit turmoil will be solely their fault.  
'Absolutely No Way' Demands For People's Vote On Brexit Deal Can Be Ignored, Says Senior Momentum Source 
BMW is the latest company to begin stockpiling, with a no deal Brexit threatening to provide severe disruption to their supply chain. The government should be supporting British manufacturing, but instead they are severely undermining them. Please share 
No-deal Brexit poses serious risk to public safety, say police leaders, instantly losing vital access to cross-border investigative powers and databases, “a significant loss of operational capacity” 
Dear UK, How could you transform from a sensible, pragmatic, lovable and tolerant country to one that *seriously* contemplates no-deal Brexit? That looks at the news of growing far right groups and an article in the Times about “Heil hipsters” and just shrugs? Wake up!!! 6/6 
Brexit is built on lies, hate and manipulations. It is a threat to *every* person who lives in the UK. For all the reasons we know and more — as this tells us, it poses a threat to pubic safety. How can some think all of this is some kind of joke? 1/  
Dear @bernardjenkin Read the article and then kindly withdraw your hate-inciting insinuation about the EU. The article mentions difficulty of transit, not any sinister attempt by the EU to starve the UK of insulin.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
The Official People's Vote petition has reached over 250,000 signatures! Sign up today and keep up to date with @peoplesvote_uk's Summer of Action campaigning for a vote on the final Brexit outcome.  
The prime minister has proposed a half-in, half-out plan for a hard Brexit that has pleased no one, least of all the electorate. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My @Independent column: 
What does Brexit mean for crypto in the U.K.? 
BREXIT: 'Absolutely no way' demands for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit deal can be ignored, says #Momentum source/#Labour 
UK public now thinks, by clear margin,  free trade with the EU is more important than having greater control over immigration (via @ORB_Int)   Important when thinking about possible viability of different Brexit options..  
We are well on our way to making our Labour Party have a policy in favour of a final say on any #Brexit deal - let the people decide!    
Support for Mrs May's handling of Brexit falls to record low.Only 22% of British voters approve of Theresa May's handling of Brexit.Mrs May is facing a leadership challenge if she continues with her plans to keep UK following EU rules & laws.#Brexit #EU 
No deal #Brexit will mean 'soft fruit armageddon', farmers warn. What wonderful imagery. 
Lord Adonis - We should get out of this #brexit mess by having a #PeoplesVote.. so the people can have their say on what ever hopeless deal May negotiates as against the tangible & real benefits we have being in the EU.. protecting our trade/jobs/incomes.#FBPE @Andrew_Adonis 
The pound has hit a fresh 11-month low as the risks of a no-deal Brexit grow. Here's the latest:  
Am now looking forward to next Magnus Linklater column, this guy is one of the best scatter satirists about..What next "How Botswana caused Brexit" ? "How Kuwait destroyed downhill skiing"  #MagLinKCols  ..other ideas please for #MagLinkCols 
A man in the US goes to prison because of Healthcare debt and then commits suicide.I say again.We need an #NHS referendum.Make morons pay for their stupidity and allow smarter people to enjoy and respect the #NHSIt is NOT immigrants that ruin the #NHS it is idiots. 
Lord Blunkett puts Mandelson politely & firmly in his box. He says many Brexit voters were concerned about immigration but that it is clear this does not make them racist. He adds that failure to understand them would do a great disservice to our democracy  
Frankly I find women in niqabs far less threatening than the nasty, racist, loutish cancer of nationalism that Brexit has unleashed. Maybe that's @BorisJohnson strategy. "Don't look at me!! Look!! Funny women in dresses" 
Forget Brexit, Britain is failing to tackle its "burning injustices". I've stepped in on @FinancialTimes political column this week to write about the greatest challenge facing the country that no one is talking about  
It’s the only argument for Brexit I find remotely convincing: a political class that is this disengaged from the EU is not a sustainable member of the bloc. 
No-deal Brexit poses major risk to public safety, say police leaders  
Is Brexit reality beginning to bite for @theresa_may? Gone are the days of talking up no deal.A #PeoplesVote next? 
The point of this is a) any similar against say a Muslim/woman/POC would have been a hate crime. Op-eds would pour from the same old vitriolic pens b) by laughing it off JRM  nullifies the cretinism of these absurd “anti-Brexit anarchists” He won  
The blinkered europhile. The EU has used our money against us for decades to buy off civil society with the intent of buying a future referendum. Academia and public institutions were bought and paid for from the get go.  
We warned you that this was one of the main driving forces behind the Tories obsession of #Brexit, But as usual us trade unionists are just grievance monkees, Yeah?Priti Patel admits Leave campaign agenda to reduce workers’ rights - TUC  via @MidWalesMike 
NEW Public confidence in the #Brexit negotiations continues to fall, hitting another record low. 76% say they disapprove of the way in which the Government is handling the negotiations. Full tables/charts here: #UK #TheresaMay #politics 
I listened to this interview as I drove my truck across Germany on the Autobahn 20. Bernard Jenkin is another Brexiter scared shitless that reversing brexit because of the truth will be detrimental to him keeping his seat.A no deal will be detrimental to me and thousands of brits 
Police leaders warn of public safety threat from no-deal Brexit  
"You're trying to split the Brexit vote"A person who would remove the residence rights of 1.4million Brits abroad & totally disrupt our trade with our biggest/closest partner..is NOT the sort who wants to keep the economic benefits but leave the institutions.IT'S ALREADY SPLIT 
A referendum that YOU voted FOR. Only you really didn't expect the country to vote out, did you? Hypocritical of you to complain now. But then, it wouldn't be the first time. . .  
In the upcoming referendum on the blasphemy laws, the government are going to replace them with "hate speech" laws that will be far stricter and carry greater penalties.Let's Get Freedom of Speech in Ireland - Sign the Petition!  via @Change 
A new website has been set up by @MollyMEP to shine a light on the wealthy organisations working behind the scenes to turn #Brexit to their advantage  
It’s interesting that @lewis_goodall’s piece “Europe really doesn't need us as much as we need them” for Sky News needs writing, now more than 2 years after the referendum.But you will not find a clearer dissection of British Brexit delusion than this. 
96% of passers by at last week's Stewartry Show in #CastleDouglas believe #Brexit is going badly/will be bad for Scotland/will be bad for agriculture.72% believe Scottish independence is a better option for Scotland.   
Friends! An evening with Our Gina, the People's Remoaner!In which she'll explain that literally nobody wants Brexit any more - apart from the people, who are a totally unrepresentative majority.NB: no questions will be permitted, as Our Gina does not wish to be interrupted.  
Labour grassroots turn against Brexit with policy change call. I'm all for Labour stopping a Tory Brexit, as long as they stop a Labour Brexit too. 
Brexit Britain is booming despite Mark Carney’s doomful projections  
Food shortages, medicine shortages, super-gonorrhoea… the government is deliberately exaggerating the threat of a No Deal Brexit to try to sell Theresa May’s pitiable Chequers plan@FraserMyers on Sky 
Think of Brexit as Streetcar Named Desire played out on an international stage.  Britain is Blanche, pining for attention, deluded & living on past glories.  The EU is Mitch, well meaning, but judgemental... & Stanley Kowalski is Trump.  A bully who will- well, you know the rest. 
Pound hits 11-month low against dollar after minister says Brexit with no deal is more likely than not  
Volunteers at the SNP stall at last week's Stewartry Show asked passers by to give their verdict on Brexit. Here are the results! #Brexit #Scotland #Galloway 
Difficult to know where you begin when logic has no place in the decision making process. Maybe an acceptance that immigration is a fact and that Voting Leave actually increases non-EU immigration? Would that make him change his mind? No, me neither.  
‘Rioting in EU streets’ Bernard Jenkin says EU farmers will FORCE Brussels into Brexit deal  
Right now:> The Tories are scaring us with "No Deal" so people will be more willing to accept their botched Brexit proposal... and> Nigel Farage is scaring his followers with "No Brexit" so that they'll scream to just get us out with No Deal... 
"Why Brexiteers cannot coherently explain their vision of Brexit: their aim is to break as much as possible, believing that from the rubble might arise a kind of flag-waving, small-state, free-market utopia that even Thatcher might have found unpalatable." 
FT Exclusive: Bank of America has already decided to make Paris a key EU centre for its trading operations after Brexit — now it is considering moving its research analysts from London to the French capital as well  
As it now looks increasingly likely that Britain will have to suffer the consequences of a no deal Brexit, surely it’s time for Brexiters to accept that voting for Brexit was a mistake. Admitting wrongdoing is a strength, but stubbornness is the strength of the weak. 
Liam Fox crashes the market while Boris Johnson fans the flames of racial intolerance. Another day in Brexit Britain. 
I was content to let Economists for Brexit's paper on a "WTO Brexit" emerge to the embarrassed silence it deserved. But since it's being quoted approvingly in a good newspaper, we may as well have a chuckle at its expense.  
After Cameron unleashed the Beast that is #Brexit & exited rapidlyWe ended up with a Prime Minister by *default*The other candidates either bottled it or were *knifed* by Gove.So it's hardly surprising that she's a prisoner of the Ultra RW.Competition is biding it's time. 
UKIP is a far-right, Islamophobic fringe group. its leader, Gerard Batten, takes pride in that too. we must not legitimise their dangerous hatred and bigotry in the media, on Brexit, or elsewhere. me on SkyNews  
Why the hell aren’t you actually supporting #Remain, @jeremycorbyn? For a moment, just pinch yourself & experience reality. Millions of jobs lost - for a flawed principle & a Brexit that fewer & fewer want. WAKE UP! Give yourself - and @UKLabour a fighting chance! #PeoplesVote 
The total number of people starting NHS apprenticeships has fallen by more than a third in the past three years, raising new concerns about shortages of key staff such as nurses after Brexit  
Farage plots return to politics.Preparing to launch a fresh campaign to become MP.He's looking for new platform to relaunch his political career.Eyeing a number of potential by-election opportunities.Peterborough, which voted to back Brexit, is one. 
No Deal Brexit Warnings Like 'Unnecessary' Millennium Bug Fears, Says Tory Brexiteer 
"I strongly believe the prevailing mood of the British people on the EU is sound. They do not believe it’s a paradise, but are now persuaded that the current Tory alternative - a Brexit departure on 29/03/19 - represents a clear and present danger..."  
So hang on... @Conservatives can destroy lives, cut nursing bursaries, completely disrespect Drs, cut legal aid, remove funding 2 domestic violence support, hold a referendum based on lies, lead the public in2 a disaster... & we still have 2 respect them bcos they have a title?! 
May still believes Britain will win a good Brexit deal: spokesman  
As a EU migrant, I can categorically state that this article is worthless. Since the Brexit madness started and with both Labour & Tories fighting for UKIP vote, the SNP has been the only truly reassuring force for good in Scotland.  
Encountered @michaelgove at Turriff show today. As Chairman of NSA Scotland with some of the most remote farming members in EU with the product most likely to be hit by Brexit, seeing you gladhanding without direct engagement with our sector is dissapointing. 
Project fear alert. Sky news saying women will have to give up work to look after elderly relatives post Brexit due to foreign Labour shortage.What's wrong with looking after your elderly relatives within the family anyway? 
I'm sick to death of idiotic Brexit, I'm sick to death of these arrogant Tories & I'm sick to death of so called Labour supporters attacking fellow Labour supporters, because they dare to scrutinise, or criticise a leader, who has done bugger all...I want my country back. 
Roy Orbison - It's Over (Monument Concert 1965)  via @YouTube Record for all the Remoaner bores crying about Brexit, everyday give it a rest. We’re leaving the EU understand.  
Report says women may have to give up work to look after elderly relatives unless #EU care workers given priority after #Brexit  
You want facts mate. Here they are the NHS isn’t £350m a week better off and the UK isn’t being invaded by Turks. More facts Pete, prices are rising due to sterling, UK credit rating slashed, UK gone fm highest growth in G7 to the lowest. All due to Brexit & idiots like you.  
Leave voting farmer anxious for the future: “Brits don’t want to work on farms – so who will pick fruit after Brexit? - The Independent  
Fantastic for @NFUStweets North East to host @NicolaSturgeon on the stand at Turriff this afternoon. Appreciate the discussion on working with Scotland’s farmers and crofters to get the right Brexit deal. @MartinKennedyVP 
Guilt-ridden Brexit bus in self-destructive shame spiral 
Theresa May is foolishly banning the eating of dog meat in the UK. How shortsighted. What else does she expect people to eat after #Brexit? 
Unicorns, mermaids and dragons are a myth. #Brexit is an undeliverable lie. There is no upside, there is no dividend.There must be a full disclosure on what Brexit will mean and then a #PeoplesVote 
You object to Old Etonian who campaigned as a student for Mandela to be executed, who presided over Austerity, destroying the lives & hopes of millions of your fellow citizens to the point they voted for Brexit being called a muppet? Are you for real? Cameron deserves much worse 
As their brexit fantasy is increasingly revealed as an inevitable nightmare, expect leading brexiteers to blame Brussels and ramp up the xenophobia to try to distract voters from their personal responsibility for the current mess...  
See the effects of dark ads, lying, cheating, stolen data & law breaking on the EU Referendum.Starts REMAIN, Blip to LEAVE, Return to REMAIN"Will of the people"? We're owned by Putin! More like "Blip of the criminals". #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #voteleavebrokethelaw 
Theresa May is 'confident' she can secure a good #Brexit dealThat confidence is not shared by the vast majority of BritsThe only way now that such confidence could be restored is if the Tories were to ditch May and ChuckChequers  
And rightly so. Something as politically important and virtually irreversible as Brexit should be rigorously subject to informed consent by the electorate.  
"The European Union could clear the way for a second Brexit vote"  - Let's show that we want a #PeoplesVote by making history on October 20th:  
So glad David Cameron is all loved up and enjoying the party at the Wilderness Festival. Sorry the rest of us could not make it, we're busy trying to clean up your monumental Brexit mess. Cheers Dave, you muppet. 
A lot of BBC  Brexit coverage would be radically improved if we heard less from  opinionated Westminster pundits and more from @BBCRealityCheck / @BBCChrisMorris and team 
Which is more democratic - The Goebbels-May response to a referendum victory or a #PeoplesVote? #Brexit  
Christian Adams on Liam Fox blaming Michel Barnier for lack of progress on Brexit deal – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Paul O’Grady so disgusted at Brexit risk to NHS he'd rip Nigel Farage to shreds  
'The odorous whiff of the hypocrisies and deceptions that tend to come with privilege, the sense of Brexit as yet another chapter of the class war'Call to arms from @johnharris1969 against the Brextremist 'cadre of moneyed wreckers' 
#Ukip @GerardBattenMEP - May, Resign, Pronto!"Mrs May's mismanagement of Brexit is too thorough to be sheer incompetence!She is deliberately steering #Brexit ship on to rocks so it can be abandoned.She never had any intention of delivering Brexit."#EU 
Brexit Man has arrived in Japan to save the day! (Please nobody mention the recent Japan-EU trade deal which took four and a half years to negotiate, and which the UK will not benefit from.)  
A significant number of Con MPs have forgotten the manifesto they were elected on in 2017, but only some of them are actively campaigning against it.The only way to secure a #Brexit deal is to get behind the UK & stop batting for the EU.#CountryBeforeEUDrunkards 
@mrjamesob on @LBC Asks what the problem is when they (arch- brexit trumpeteers) keep telling us we can trade on WTO rules like 80% of the world. Graham Hughes from @ThreeBlokes ‘Yes, but 80% of the world is poor...’Gold!#BrexitShambles 
A report by the Seasonal Businesses in Travel group (SBIT_UK) has found that holiday prices would rise by 31%, 25,000 jobs would be put at risk, and an industry that contributes over £34bn to the UK economy would be seriously disrupted by Brexit.  
Fact: the US trades with the #EU under WTO rules, without a preferential trade deal. It has regulatory equivalence agreements with the #EU, but so what? The UK will be totally compliant with EU rules on Brexit Day.  
Time to start talking about this?  Not even a disastrous WTO rules-based post-Brexit situation is guaranteed....  
It’s only Monday so I don’t want to dive TOO head first into the whole politics thing but 1) If only there was another 50% of the population that could help care for their parents2) are we all still convinced that this whole #Brexit thing is a good idea?  
Idea: let's start recording examples of bureaucracy & paperwork we're forced to deal with because of Brexit with the hashtag #BrexitRedTape. Britain, for years you've been fed a lie that Brussels means red tape. In fact it means less. You're now about to see this for yourselves. 
"UK services sector shrinking for first time in eight years as no-deal Brexit looms, research finds"Services represent 75% of our GDPsomething the Tory Gov and Labour have completely ignored in all their brexit talk#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit News for Monday 6 August-EU would be breaking its own rules by forcing ‘no deal’ Brexit - Davis warns Brussels not to underestimate the UK if we walk away with no-deal - Fox says there is a 60‑40 chance of no-deal Brexit 
One thing @BBCNews could do immediately is ensure journalists are much better briefed about the EU and Brexit generally. Far too often - indeed almost invariably - politicians are allowed to spout lies and nonsense unchallenged in interviews. 
We cannot stumble into a no-deal scenario because Theresa May has botched Brexit negotiations and failed to unify her party. The people must be given the final say on the terms of leaving the EU, with the chance to stay in the EU.Add your name and share:  
Project fear alert. BBC reporting holiday price hike and 25000 jobs at risk if there is no deal brexitI'll trade freedom for a little price hike if necessary.Just another scare story from the BBC. They have no confidence in our Country. 
BMW begins stockpiling parts in case of no-deal Brexit, with the exception of indicators - which its cars don’t have. 
Unionists claiming they don't think Scottish people are shite, then stating their belief that an independent Scotland can never be better than a no deal Brexit UK, run by quite literally the most useless, incompetent, self-serving bunch of Tory fucks imaginable  
Goldman Sachs says in its mid-year outlook that prospects of a US recession in 2018 are zero. Given the “accuracy” of its previous forecasts, especially on Brexit, this has me worried. 
Another timely piece by @KevinPMeagher and again one I cannot disagree with in principle. A vast amount of Citizens (Unionists & status quo accepting Nationalists) are now reviewing their constitutional allegiance post BREXIT: 
.@mrjamesob said the discovery of a clip of Jacob Rees-Mogg calling for a second referendum is proof he is a fraud.  
Until 2016 I was a firm NO supporter but since the EU referendum I have since changed my mind & am now fully in support of independence within the EU. I fully support Nicola & the SNP. I think there will be a referendum in 2019. I also think the Tories will make it difficult. 
Liam Fox: "If EU decides that the theological obsession of the unelected is to take priority over the economic wellbeing of the people of Europe then it's a bureaucrats' Brexit - not a people's Brexit."But EU27 "people" didn't vote for Brexit, you fool.  
There will be #Brexit negotiations between UK and EU officials on 16th and 17th August, @Mina_Andreeva confirms. 
EU scientists have now been able to produce highly accurate models of what will happen to the UK during both a Leave and Remain scenario. The results are in. Take a look. #Brexit  
My latest note for #Arbuthnots: Trading with the EU post-Brexit: the #WTO option is perfectly feasible. 
German factory orders slump; Brexit fears push pound to 11-month low – business live  
Mr @JeremyCorbyn,you promised 'no jobs lost #Brexit' in #GE2017Why are you NOT supporting #Remain?Every type pf #Brexit loses jobs71% of @UKLabour voted Remain in 2016Youngsters supported #Labour in #GE2017because you dissembledIf you commit to Remain, Labour might win 
Day 1 in my new job! I'm working for the next few months at @FFSake_, a young people & student-led anti Brexit campaign, fighting for a People’s Vote on the terms of the Brexit deal. Starting as I mean to go on with presenting the infamous #FFS Awards!  #PeoplesVote 
Matt Ridley says we have nothing to fear from world-trade Brexit. Same Matt Ridley who says climate change is nonsense 
It's not just doctors and nurses we risk losing after Brexit - it's carers too. We can't let this happen.@CarersTrust @CarersUK#HealthierIN 
Theresa May deliberately steering the Brexit ship on to the rocks so it can be abandoned#ForTheNation 
Did @SkyNews last night & was (as ever) criticised on Twitter for being a Remainiac. Woke up this morning to find @Andrew_Adonis criticising my paper for being a "Brexit rag." When you're attacked from both extremes you're probably in the right place. 
Tomato and veg growers need not fear a no deal Brexit or any of the hysterical crap about ‘stockpiling‘ -we’ll be eating our own spuds ha ha 
Summary:1. Brexit is forcing my German family to leave the country we call home.2. Well, OK, it's not actually "forcing" us to leave.3. It's just that we absolutely detest all this "democracy" business.4. And so, like sulky children, we're flouncing off.5. That's all, folks!  
We have TEN weeks to take control of the Brexit disaster. The Tories are utterly incompetent & I would expect @UKLabour to fully take on their role of OPPOSITION, but they are too busy in-fighting about anti-Semitism. Just adopt the international definition NOW. @jeremycorbyn 
Required reading in Belfast and London today #brexit #duponline 
I would hold on until after Brexit. That's what I've advised my son. 
Yes, like the EU27, I live with the constant anxiety that the British public will blame me for Brexit being a heap of sh*t 
Women are filling the gaps in our overstretched social care system, undertaking low paid & unpaid care work. We cannot allow them to take an even bigger hit post-Brexit. We are fighting to make sure their value is recognised and their rights are defended:  
Post Brexit, Unionist politicians stand ready to take Britain into the modern age.  
I think up to around early 2014 the BBC did an OK job.  But it's been hijacked by the Tories.  The reporting during indyref was terrible and we are seeing something similar with brexit. It is being driven by Tory Govt to the detriment of other views in and parts of the UK . 
Yesterday I spoke to a 69 year old woman who has never voted. Never. Not in an election or a referendum. Not interested.Politics are nothing to do with her. She did, however, think branding the Edinburgh Festival, whisky and Scottish carrots with the union flag was ridiculous. 
Brexit is tanking the economy has already drastically increased government borrowing & has already required tax rises bc your economic stupidity has hit tax revenues & you nutters think we are all Lefties! 
Hold on, the GOVERNMENT is saying a no deal Brexit would mean food stockpiling & medicine shortages. But then Brexiters never could agree among themselves.Oh & no other country IN THE WORLD trades on World Trade terms alone. Just as well Matt Ridley isn’t, say, running a bank  
Quick bit of Brexit #Geography: 
I'm a huge admirer of BBC' Nick Robinson. However Sir Bernard Jenkin is wheeled on regularly as a contributor to the BREXIT debate.  He's as game as a pebble, like him or not; so there is no need for NR to insult Sir Bernard, by saying why should people listen to a back bencher? 
"We should not be severing relations with our European partners at this perilous time." In 'Saving Britain', @williamnhutton and I explain why Brexit is dangerous. Available here  
WATCH: Josh voted leave in 2016 but didn't vote for the botched Brexit that we're now getting. That's why he's demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
Ignorance isn’t the problem. It’s the propaganda that creates ignorance that’s the problem.#Brexit #Trump 
Common sense from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, countering hysterical Project Fear nonsense and highlighting the obvious benefits of a No Deal Brexit.Read at Support us at  
'I used to believe in Brexit. Now I realise how naive I was'  
Standing in a long queue (already 30 minutes and no end in sight) to get passports checked after coming off the Amsterdam-Newcastle ferry. If they can't cope efficiently now, I dread to think what it will be like post Brexit 
The escalating political & press preparations to blame the EU make it ever clearer that this government wants to drive Britain off the no-deal cliff. Criminals willing to inflict massive suffering on the British people to get themselves a tax haven. #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
2016: Vote Leave and you don't need to wait for a doctor's appointment anymore as the NHS won't be clogged up by all those EU migrants2018: Women, after Brexit you'll have to stay home and take care of your old parents as we won't have EU care workers anymore 
- I have arrived in Tokyo #Japan. Looking forward to discussing the opportunities for our post Brexit trading relationship, closer cooperation on security and the potential to strengthen links with #Aberdeen  on energy, innovation and technology. #GlobalBritain 
This phenomenal thread summarises what I've been trying to write a book about for the better part of a year. This is why Brexit is a sham, and why Scotland really should get of of the UK ASAP. 
We've tended to ignore the potential for markets to shape policy on Brexit - and up til now they have been rather benign. But if Government starts to peer over the cliff edge it's not that hard to imagine rapid rises in borrowing costs...  
Our most-read article this week is by an academic: Prof David Collins looks at the practicalities of a no-deal Brexit (and world trade rules) 
Labour members launch plan to make Jeremy Corbyn back #FinalSay referendum on Brexit deal  by @BenKentish 
Remainers and Leavers have said many hyperbolic, stupid things. Rutte’s nonsense is classic Remain one. David Davis’s claim that Brexit would be easy is classic Leave one.  
MOGG: WTO terms would work well for UK, achieve Brexit sooner.“It would save the country £39 billion which the EU desperately needs to balance its budget. “So with No Deal the EU would be the loser.” 
Just to he clear. Brexit leaders are blaming the EU for prospect of no-deal. Yet a) we're the people who are leaving b) we spent two years before we even came up with a plan of our own and c) it's unworkable. 
We urgently need to debate and define our approach to a damaging Tory Brexit at #Lab18 Labour members must have a meaningful say on our policy and the future of our country.Join our campaign with @Remain_Labour here  
Dear @DreamiesUKWhat impact would a no deal Brexit have on your ability to supply your tasty, tasty treats in the UK? Asking for a friend... 
Got it wrong on EU Referendum too.  
Good summary @Econs4FreeTrade work “showing that EU countries will lose £500 billion as a result of failing to strike a trade deal...Britain will gain more than £600 billion as a Brexit dividend by being free of Brussels rule on WTO international rules.”  
Brits don’t want to work on farms – so who will pick fruit after Brexit?  
So a No Deal Brexit could mean Massive Food & Medical Shortages. Planes Stuck on Runways, Lorry’s Stuck on Motorways, Jobs Lost, Company’s Going Bankrupt, A Plummeting £. On the Bright Side Murdoch & His Media Peers, Tory’s Making a Killing Financially and UKIP are VERY HAPPY  
BREAKING: after Brexit men won't have parents and older people won't have sons who could take care of them.(More broadly--the entire healthcare and elder care scenario post-#Brexit will be a societal disaster if the predictions in this memo come to fruition)  
The United States and China - the largest and second-largest economies in the world - both say they want free trade with Britain after Brexit. We'd be crazy not to grab the opportunity.  
Outrageous. You were the only UK leader to show leadership and offer us reassurance in the aftermath of the referendum. 
'Rich, reckless Brexit zealots are fighting a new class war'  
New post: A decade of political deceit  What links austerity, anti-immigration rhetoric and Brexit? 
The great unsaid Brexit reality is that Europe really doesn't need us as much as we need them. My piece. *braces for impact*  
France LOSES OUT on Brexit billions: Belgian and Dutch ports picked for new Irish route  
Pound sterling slumps on new Government warnings of 'no deal' Brexit  
Your daily reminder that the suggested "sharing-out" of WTO import quotas between the UK and EU after Brexit has already been rejected by the United States, Argentina, New Zealand, Brazil, Canada, Thailand and Uruguay.So #NoDealBrexit has already stumbled at the first step! 
I've been wondering if future historians will tie the dismantling of the UK welfare state (which has been happening slowly since Thatcher, has been accelerated by Austerity and will be completed, alas, by the impending No Deal Brexit) to the rise in drone warfare. 1/ 
Can people honestly say that they think the billions that are being wasted on Brexit is worth it when the country’s public services are in crisis? Wouldn’t it be better to have a government focusing on fixing Britain than distracted by an entirely pointless exercise? 
Just paid 32 euros to transfer my UK driving license to Belgium. But will it be valid after #Brexit (let alone in the event of #NoDealBrexit )? Just one of the numerous administrative  & financial hassles for @BritishInEurope that we were promised we wouldn't have to deal with. 
“Today we are stronger”, write from jail former Catalan MEPs @junqueras and @raulromeva, kept for months in pre-trial detention for organising a referendum. Shameful that a majority in the @Europarl_EN keeps turning a blind eye to this outrageous situation 
This is actually pretty outrageous. If Magnus Linklater wants the SNP to solve the problems faced by EU nationals as a result of Brexit, I look forward to him getting full behind the campaign to devolve immigration powers to @ScotParl immediately. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg, John Redwood and David Davis all once supported a second referendum.  
If you don’t want to follow intricate legal arguments on no-deal Brexit, but want to know about consequences: Two of the world’s most successful trading nations (NL/GER) are hiring more than 1500 customs officials amongst them to deal with it. Seamless? No! 
Bernard Jenkin joins the John Redwood Club! "I didn't know @Alison_McGovern was going to be on!" John, you've been arguing FOR Brexit for 30 years - why are you scared to debate now!!!!  
I’ll...I’ll...I’ll thcweam & thcweam! says Davis: “Brexit: EU making 'massive miscalculation' if it thinks UK won't walk away without deal, David Davis warns - The Independent  
UK services sector shrinking for first time in eight years as no-deal Brexit looms, research finds - The Independent  
This man’s company siphons money out of the UK economy and puts it out of reach of HMRC.This is legal, but an EU Tax Directive to come into force in March 2019 would stop it.The rent seekers in charge of the Tory Party want Brexit because they want to continue to harm the UK.  
Scottish protected food names under threat says Barnier because UK govt have not prioritised this in Brexit discussions: WHY? THIS IS MOST OF SCOTLAND’S VERY SUCCESSFUL FOOD AND DRINK INDUSTRY  
It’s Monday.And the standard of the UK #Brexit ‘debate’ is sinking to ever new depths. Ministers are now flailing around blaming individual EU countries and the EU Commission for failing to offer a workable plan. Predictable, but so depressing.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Pound falling heavily after Liam Fox talked Britain’s future down. May should have fired him by now. But Brexit Tories have invested abroad so are enjoying the fall. It’s the British public who pay when they next shop at a Supermarket. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
"Brexit will end in No Deal. Blame the EU" is exactly what you get when for decades we the public have allowed parliament to be little more than a high payout social club for useless opportunists who only know how to blame someone else for their intentional errors. 
1/ Feeling a bit down today. Seeing more & more people leaving the UK and I am trapped on this island. And it was this comment by @ABridgen that really pulled me down. Yes I am staying, not because I love Brexit as you say but I am staying because of my British wife and children.  
Unsurprisingly, we are starting to get the classic "who funds you?" trolls. Let us be clear: we are a small group of (unfunded) university students using social media to push the case for Brexit. 
For over 2 years now I've been arguing that a change of policy on #Brexit would make it much more likely that Labour would actually win the next election. But it's increasingly clear that Corbyn and his gang shouldn't be anywhere near the levers of power.  We are so fucked. 
Brexit has been defined by its enemies and has become viewed as a damage limitation exercise. We need to start pushing the positive case for independence again. 
Brexiteer @bernardjenkin now relying on “informal assurances” to avoid the chaos of ‘no deal’ #Brexit...Let me informally assure him, he will be held FULLY responsible for the mess he and @BorisJohnson @michaelgove are leading this country into.#youbrakeityoupayforit 
Here we go again. Cabinet minister blames a foreign power for Brexit failure. The only government stifling the City is our own. And the biggest increase in red tape Whitehall has ever seen has not come from the EU, but from leaving it.  
Trump will 'force' May to accept hormone beef and chlorinated chicken after Brexit 
The sad thing is that after two years of detailed debate about Brexit and all its legal aspects, a national newspaper can still get away with such a splash.Twaddle, and desperate twaddle at that.3 and ends. 
Bernard Jenkins' best suggestion on @BBCr4today to cope with hard Brexit is to sort everything out with the EU on the basis of an informal agreement!!!I can just see Merkel & Macron jumping at the chance to reach such a deal with this pit of vipers, cobras, & boa constrictors. 
It's the 6th of August, the first day Labour CLPs can formally submit contemporary motions on urgent issues for debate at #Lab18.Nothing is more urgent than opposing #Brexit and earning a #PeoplesVote.Contact us & @Labour4EU to help call for change.  
Great @bbcnickrobinson interviews on no deal this morning on Brexit; clever use of BBC Fact Check @BBCChrisMorris service by @BBCr4today to actually get to bottom of what happens 
Sir Peter Westmacott, former UK ambassador to the US, told us that a post-Brexit trade deal with the US would do "serious damage" to British agriculture, and will ultimately be worse than what we have now  
Brexit’s Bernard Jenkin, sounding menacing & petulant, says Spanish Farmers are “rational economic actors” who won’t let EU block their lettuce exports to UK in event of “no deal” crash. Blames firms, EU & ministers for Project Fear stuff. What do they know compared with BJ,eh ! 
Heartening to hear Bernard Jenkin on the defensive on #r4today.  He's now asserting that poeple are rational economic actors who make decisions in their best interests (he forgets the referendum result) and that the EU should simply trust that we'll maintain standards. Riiight. 
Useless Bernard Jenkin's all in a lather right now on @BBCRadio4Today as they ignored his request to be interviewed alone & have critics of hard Brexit on with him. Now he's floundering as a very competent industry rep has just wiped the floor with the "WTO rules are OK" tripe. 
So Bernard Jenkin refuses to engage in debate on matters relating to #Brexit.Interesting attitude.Is that ice you’re skating on getting a little too thin, Mr Jenkin?#R4Today 
Have been laughing like a drain for 12 hours now on this.Previously, Brexiters had as an absolute demand that EU courts had no jurisdiction and EU law no application.Now: Brexiters say EU courts and EU law are their only hope.Perhaps the daftest headline yet on Brexit.1.  
Brexit: An evolution of deceit & dissembling. 1. "They need us more than we need them."2. "It should be the easiest deal in human history."3. "No deal is better than a bad deal."4. "They have to believe we'll walk away."5. "Shit. They believed us. We're screwed. Blame them." 
It's "Big Society" all over again! Take away money and means then ask the women to give up paid work to do care work for free; then focus the welfare system on punishing those who aren't working so those same women are pushed into poverty. Join @WEP_UK . They Brexit, WE fix it.  
Am not surprised the UK government says it is preparing to stockpile food for Brexit, but I do find it surprising when journalists think this government would be competent enough to really orchestrate such a thing. 
Sir Vince Cable has held secret meetings about the possibility of a Labour-Lib Dem alliance to counter Brexit. @NickFerrariLBC asks: would you get behind this? 
Brexit negotiations reaching peak absurdity (maybe) - this is the worst kind of brinkmanship politics from the Tories. If we don’t get our way, ‘We will make it clear whose fault it was’Put your toys back in the pram - This isn’t the playground it’s peoples LIVES AND JOBS!!  
The intention of the EU and their servants in the Tory Party is to straightjacket us in a ‘deal’ to create Brexit in name only.The so-called no deal Brexit is a no restriction Brexit, which guarantees us the right to develop our relationship with the rest of the world. 
Odd that @CityAM is so hard Brexit when its readers are so overwhelmingly against Brexit. Its news, columns & comment are wriiten by Jacob Rees-Mogg. Who owns it? 
The cries of 'Brexit will wreck the economy' were simply scaremongering, Britain's exports have hit a record high.  
Yuval Noah Harari on #r4today: 'every minute the UK government spends on Brexit is one less minute we spend on regulating AI, dealing with climate change, or preventing nuclear war'. 
EU making 'massive miscalculation' over no-deal Brexit, David Davis warns.Clearly Davis didn't want Fox to look a complete idiot all on his own. 
Leave campaign pledges falling apart. No extra £350m for NHS, No Deal rather than cake & eat it deal.If Brexit fails to deliver on its promises, how can there be a mandate for it? It's fraud. Vote again on Brexit reality, not fantasy. #PeoplesVote 
After the Brexit vote, Dutch PM Mark Rutte said that Britain had just “collapsed: politically, monetarily, constitutionally and economically.”Two years on, none of that looks true, despite a dreadful government negotiation and the woeful state of our political parties. 
Carney right to be concerned about consequences of no-deal #Brexit. This week’s Economist makes good point about likely acrimoniousness of no deal, which wld aggravate negative impact - UK, Ireland wld be hit worst, by a large margin.  
Europe should help the U.K. to cancel Brexit  via @bopinion 
The whole #ChequersPlan saga + the sidelining of @DavidDavisMP have proved we can't trust her. If the @Conservatives fail to replace her with someone capable of delivering full #Brexit, that would mean we can't trust them as a Party. This is their mess + they must fix it. *Soon*.  
Londoners with jobs are lining up for food handouts because they can't afford to eat  
“Project Fear has grown steadily more absurd as we have progressed through the grid of scary announcements prepared by the anti-Brexit campaign to fill the silly season” 
All those in favour of Brexit ought to be shown clips from *The Italian Job* repeatedly e.g. "I only asked you to blow the effin doors off" and the Runaway bus finale "Hold on, I'll think of something".Essential metaphor for today's madness... 
Labour members launch plan to make Jeremy Corbyn back new referendum on final Brexit deal - The Independent  
Full Brexit meltdown incoming. Who could have predicted?  
Telegraph tries to rejoin planet in rare moment of Brexit sanity.  
1975 referenda for a 'Common Market'2016 referenda for a 'European Union'See what they did there...“Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.”#Brexit#WTO 
Important article. Even on the actual day the #BBC had been exposed taking down @WingsScotland their choice of TV news stories was blatantly framed to minimise @theSNP government successes and threats to #Scotland from #brexit  
A key reason Mrs May cannot deliver a soft Brexit is that after 2 years, she still can’t define it. Worse, the only Brexit she has ever defined - leaving Customs Union & Single Market - is in practice the hardest possible Brexit. 
Rich, reckless Brexit zealots are fighting a new class war | John Harris  
Theresa May’s Tory Media‘No Deal Brexit is gonna be so much worse for the EU’What? How?!?  
blog: Cameron may blame 'lunatic' Gove but he - and Eton - have a lot to answer for in the Brexit story of decline  with shout out for @Paddywivell and @thehistoryguy 
Summer preoccupation of Tories- is no Mrs May better than such a bad Mrs May?From my experience, third rate leaders always end in tears. For mainstream Tories, clear she can’t even deliver soft Brexit - so what’s the point of her? 
Bin Brexit in Brum March and Rally  
Brexit No Deal is gonna be so much worse for EU? What? How? Theresa May Tory Media ShitShow Social Care ShitShow Tory Amazon Tax ShitShow £99Bn Railway HS2 ShitShow Branson NHS £2Bn contract ShitShow Big Six £4Bn energy Scam ShitShow Eelcone Toryville Basketcase Britain ShitShow pic.twitter.com/evwRWDxe0y 
Brexit: A poll of FTSE businesses by ICSA: the Governance Institute found that 55% of company board members were predicting a decline in their business over the coming year. No respondents rated Brexit as a “positive” factor compared with 9% who did so in late 2016. 
There should be a referendum on #Article35A issue in Jammu & Kashmir. The people should be given a chance to decide whether the law should remain or go. It is time people see through the RSS's tricks and denounce its politics of hate! 
Guess which is true: 1) Queen Elizabeth II has appointed Pierce Brosnan the Grand Duchy of Brexit. 2) The govt of Colombia has announced that Sofia Vergara will take over as their UN ambassador. 3) The US elected the unqualified star of a canceled reality tv show as president. 
Referendum 2020: With no traction in Punjab, here is why Khalistanis could get desperate  #khalistan via @oneindia 
18 women human rights defenders and 15 male advocates from across #Bougainville have come together for human rights sensitisation training staged by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights. Vitally important in the lead up to the referendum. #PNG 
Threatening a no-deal Brexit only works as a negotiating tactic if it appears credible. Few people in Brussels think it is   
UK Trade Minister Says 'No Deal' Brexit More Likely than Not  
I see this a lot so I want to say one thing: This is complete nonsense and a whitewash of pre-2016. All three of those candidates took non-positions in the referendum and all were very willing to take Nativist positions in the 2015 leadership contest.  
And here we go.... #Brexiteers blaming Europe for the no-deal scenario! It’s not them it’s you stupid. You promised a fairytale ending & for the people of Britain it’s going to be a nightmare. You, Farage, Johnson et al OWN this. #Brexitchaos #brexit  
Commenting on @DominicRaab‘s response to his question in the Chamber"The @Conservatives are making a mess of #Brexit, bringing us closer to a no deal with each passing day. Their ideological pursuit of Brexit means leaving at any cost” says @thomasbrake 
You are pushing a known media agitation site () pushing pro-Russian narrative propaganda and involved in Brexit and US election interference. 
Jatras: Is @theresa_may messing up #Brexit through incompetence or sabotage? She says no new #Referendum, but she's such a liar that means she wants 2nd referendum. #UK desperately needs honest & competent govt!#TheresaMay OUT! #MayNachChileWATCH: 
Brexit more like breakfast!! 
Brexit: the blame game - There are no circumstances where the WTO option could be anything other than disastrous. Any claim to the contrary, and in particular assertions that there is "nothing to fear", is demonstrably false...  #Brexinfo. 
Shocking compilation of 1 October 2017. In every frame #Spain's riot police are whacking humans furiously. Which is extremely disturbing because there is not a riot going on, but a referendum. This may not be swept under the carpet. 
Women will have to give up work to look after parents unless EU care workers are given priority after #Brexit 
Scotland, the City of London some foreign manufacturers.The City and the manufacturers cannot outlast Brexit stupidity. Post Brexit all England will have is Scotland its oil and our endeavour.Therefore WM will do anything, absolutely anything, to maintain control of Scotland. 
Leave must mean Leave.#ChequersPlan is not #BrexitPlease support this petition by signing and retweeting as widely as possible #Brexit #Conservative #ChequersPlan @V_of_Europe 
There are plenty of benefits of no-deal Brexit. For ERG speculators:House prices falling by a third, interest rates soaring by more than 4% and the economy going into recession – it’s the prediction from the Bank of  England on what will happen in the event of a no deal Brexit. 
Hammond, according to the FT, suspects that the French after Brexit will try to limit UK access to EU financial markets by binding City firms in red tape. That is why we must remain free to reject EU rules. Let them smother themselves in red tape. London will flourish. 
According to Economists for Free Trade, a no-deal Brexit would cost the EU £500 billion while the UK would receive a £600 billion Brexit dividend. Great! So let’s go for it.  is proved right. No deal is already our policy after all. 
Quebec voted no in the referendum and Canada is working on reconciliation with indigenous people. We also don't flip out over criticism; we should always strive to do better. So why doesn't Saudi Arabia stop whipping people for having a blog and respect women's and LGBQT2 rights? 
They often talk about the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse,Well here are the 5 horsemen of Brexit. These are the real drivers behind #Brexit & they wish to profit off the back of your misery. @Conservatives #CorporateBritian#ToryCorruption#Brexitchaos#TorySleaze#BrexitShambles 
EU WILL LOSE: Brussels forcing UK towards no deal Brexit at HUGE ECONOMIC cost to EU  
It’s what these ideological Euro-phobes wanted all along- No deal most likely Brexit outcome for UK  
One argument for Brexit goes like this:Britain has problems.Something must be done.Brexit is something.Therefore Brexit must be done.Replace "Brexit" with "sex with goats" and you'll see just how impressive the argument is. 
This scene is very brexit. The nihilists are the brexiters whose bluff has been called. They commit heinous acts to fake evidence. Despite their incompetence, Donny dies, and the Dude's car burns. Nobody gets a million dollars. Roll credits.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: “Trading with EU on WTO terms would work well for UK & allows us to achieve Brexit sooner.It would save the country £39 Billion which the EU desperately needs to balance its budget.So with No Deal the EU would be the loser!”#Brexit #EU 
I am really angry. May needs to just go. Brexit must stop. Brexit is mad. The tide has turned and our politicians are not listening. Sack the lot! If we had a referendum (advisory of course - then it is above the law!!!) We would be staying in the EU. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
#MargaretThatcher was the greatest post war Prime Minister in our history.She sorted Britain out when we were the sick man of Europe. She would have sorted #Brexit out.The #Conservatives need another #MargaretThatcher to lead them.Please Retweet if you agree. 
Annoyingly I only kicked Liam Fox for his abject hypocrisy rather than his breathtaking cynicism, but you get the idea. The government’s Brexit plan is dismally exceptionalist and the government is exceptionally dismal  
Lost about 80 followers since the start of #ResignWatson Surely they’ve not only just realised I’m partial to a bit of socialism?Saying that, I’ve probably blocked around 30 screaming “But Corbyn Brexit”, but that’s still 50 people more than I realised actually liked him. 
David Blunkett: If there were to be a second referendum now, I believe that the majority would still vote to leave, which is critical to if we are to get our democratic system back on track  
I am not sure what is worse in this piece, the latent sexism or the fact that EU citizens are portrayed as servants to the fragile British, doing the jobs no one else is willing to do. A view somewhere stuck between 1860 and 1960. Welcome to Brexit Britain  
Recipe for this brexit. prep time 14 months, serves nobody.Take one gherkin, a stapler, edible crayons, typewriter ribbon, a pinch of strontium 90, an axe, L plates, 4 caravans, some anchovy paste, and a man called BarryDon’t do anything with any of these thingsBlame the EU 
Dear English When you LEAVE the EU then EU treaties don't apply to you. Which you wanted. Like, brexit, yeah?  So, what the actual fookadoodle is this latest spasm of idiocy about?Yours, Europe. 
The Labour party is tearing itself apart while the ERG drives Britain towards a devastating no-deal #Brexit which will force the country to become a Tory tax-haven and deliver a hammer blow to jobs, wages and welfare. #PeoplesVote 
Yeah, Brexit still gets more batshit crazy every day. pic.twitter.com/poGhjtBCeI 
The idea that the EU would have to continue to treat the UK after Brexit as if it were still part of the Single Market has been suggested by various hardcore Brexit groups including the IEA and Economists for Free Trade. It is, of course, wrong.  
Compelling @Telegraph story about one precise harm that would come from too blunt post-Brexit immigration controls. But it does not appear to be on the paper’s front page. Which is odd?  
Don't remember  Cameron, Carney and George 'Brexit is economic suicide' Osborne saying this would happen.Britain booms as trade exports hit a record high of ??616BN  
Far too many #FBPE accounts stuck on 5K followers, we’re universally hated by the far right & far left because we’re the leading community.If we’re to keep up our presence and the clamour against Brexit we must #FollowBackProEU. So follow back!Scale matters on Twitter.  
Fantasy Brexiter promises??!! Like "No jobs lost", "Jobs First Brexit" and Brexit Dividend ". Corbyn is that fantasy!! 
The chairman of @theresa_may’s constituency claims not to have seen a revolt over the #ChequersPlan. Where is the revolt he asks.  Maybe you should show him.If you do one thing for #Brexit. RT this & reply to tell @MCA_Tories your views.#BrexitNowOrNever #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
I was blocked for sending unethical lying journalist & Brexit supporter Andrew Neil this very polite tweet after watching him on many occasions allowing fellow Brexid supporters talk of a Brexit dividend without challenge & himself imply there will be one.  
Is it me or is Brexit going a bit Handmaid’s fucking Tale pic.twitter.com/u6NchICJC1 
Asked about another referendum, Ed Balls said: “For lots of people who voted Leave, if you said ‘What is the biggest thing that has happened since the referendum?’ they will say ‘They told us it will be really bad and it hasn’t been’... 
Says it all... #FBPE If you're not angry about brexit, you're not paying attention.  
. “WOMEN”?! “Women will have to give up work to look after parents unless EU care workers are given priority after Brexit”.Is this satire?  No, it’s Brexit Britain!  
Brexit of any kind would be a catatrophic failure of government, which no government OR OPPOSITION should survive. That’s down to you Keir. All these fantasy distinctions between different types of Brexit don’t wash  
Just think about it - Farage fomented Brexit - Cameron was scared of Farage so had a referendum to see him off. He lost. Is that a good enough reason? Don't say 52% is, they had no idea what they were voting for. 
Well done @PimlicoPlumbers for this #brexit banner on their premises - which is visible from train lines.Many #remainernow will surely agree with the sentiment (Ps. makes me glad I used them to put in a new boiler for me last summer when I still lived in london.) 
Is it Islamophobic to point out why the voters of Brexit 'might' just have a point on the subject of leaving the EU, taking back control of our country. Or do remoaners seriously want their children to face this- Undercover footage from inside a U.K Mosque  
WTO takes away so much sovereignty with all its rules ;) ... Hard Rules for Hard Brexit :)  
Sky News opinion pollShould there be a referendum asking between the deal the government suggests, no deal, or staying in the EU?Yes 50%No 40%What would you vote?1st preferenceStay in EU 48%No Deal 27%Govt Deal 13%2nd preferenceNo deal 41%Stay in EU 59%  
Brussels 'will break its own laws if it refuses to compromise on Brexit'  
Saudi Arabia could have easily supported the 1995 Quebec independence referendum through the funding of media campaigns and attacks against the Canadian government to secure a Quebecan victory but we do not meddle in other nations’ domestic affairs, clearly, unlike Canada. 
I hate to be the person who points it out once again but imagine in an alternative timeline what a demolition job Cooper, Burnham or Kendall would be making right now of:a) The government’s Brexit negotiating positionb) The “No Deal Will Be Good” Jihadists. 
"Of the three, it is the Michel Barnier story that stands out.  Here we have a new development in the Brexit issue, and one that has significant implications for Scotland. Yet BBC Scotland’s flaship evening news programme omits any mention of it." 
We should be very worried at the number of people, either in the government or “out of” but very close to the government, who are lining up to say a no deal Brexit would be no big problem. No deal Brexit is the worst of all imaginable outcomes, squared and multiplied by ten.  
Err ... Corbyn and the far left are also enabling fascism by supporting Brexit.#StopBrexit 
The Customs Union is a racket that defends producers in rich countries against producers in poor countries,to the cost of the poorest consumers in the rich countries.#Brexit #Moggmentum 
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph: 'No-deal Brexit will ‘break EU’s own laws’' #TomorrowsPapersToday 
Good scoop - interesting identification of gender roles in post brexit Britain  
Brits have 2 options. Either we have Theresa May as PM or we have a real Brexit because we can’t have both. May has made it clear in her Chequers plan that she will never deliver on the Brexit vote & her deal will undermine everything we voted for. May or Brexit, you decide  
When will MPs and other elites realise and truly accept that the vast majority of people in the UK (whichever way they voted in the referendum) now want a real Brexit to be delivered? That means out of SM, CU etc. Stop messing about and get on with it!  
Failure to reach Brexit deal looking more likely, says UK minister  
The stark warnings lift the lid on the furious rows that have been going on behind the scenes as each department tres to secure exemptions for its own workers under post-Brexit migration regime - NHS, construction, tourism, farming... 
Guys, I have an announcement.It has happened. After initially supporting Remain, then spending two years on the fence (Yes, my arse hurts) and listening to both camps, I am confident in supporting Brexit.I am still, as ever, more than happy to debate. I'm not a propagandist. 
This is BRILLIANT from @danieljohnsalt His experience has some similarities with mine except that my journey from EUphile to Brexiteer finished in time for me to vote leave. Like him I want a clean but sensible Brexit. Bravo!#Brexit  
This is a disgusting referendum on both American policy toward asylum-seekers and the vile abuse of at-risk youth.  
EXCLUSIVE: Department of Health warned that women will have to give up work to look after their ageing parents unless EU care workers are given priority after Brexit  
We know Brexit will be economically bad for Scotland. The Scottish government can only mitigate so much of Westminster’s incompetence. Independence will mitigate Brexit and ensure decisions are made for the betterment of Scotland. It’s time to let our neighbours go.  
Leading Tory Brexiteers ‘outer’ by footage showing thy supported second referendum on final EU deal>Whatever your take on a #PeoplesVote this looks like rank hypocrisy. 
Suppose for a moment that May has stitched us up and together with the EU agreed a "no deal" so as to be able to suspend article 50. If that does happen its almost certainly the end of brexit. Now the question. . .What will our people do about it ?????????????????? 
A new Brexit axiom: the louder Fox and his friends assert there will be no Article 50 deal, the more likely such a deal becomes. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg calls on Brexit Britain to learn from President Trump who has played a blinder on trade with Brussels and whose tax cuts have “liberated the American economy.”  
'They put 2 fingers up to UK' - That's Why We're Leaving!Sir Gerald Howarth: "I don’t think public opinion has shifted at all.  They see the intransigence of the European Union & their negotiators who basically put 2 fingers up to the UK."#Brexit #EU 
We never talk about having an enormous trading bloc on our doorstep that will be in competition with us after Brexit. 
Irish Unity Referendum back at the centre of political discussion - Mary Lou McDonald TD  @MaryLouMcDonald Statement and full text of the Sinn Féin Leader at the Hunger Strile Commemoration in Castlewellan today 
I come on Twitter for the bants and chat about cycling but generally all I see nowadays is Trump, Brexit, fascists, racists, bigots, and terrible news. There is no bubble. I see and read horrible stuff all the time. I think social media is entirely broken. 
To those staying in Labour to fight - I’m sorry but the party is lost. These are desperate times & only a dramatic act can bring about change. Be brave. Leave, so we can oppose this horrific government and its disastrous Brexit together, unencumbered by festering racism. 
We should bear in mind that Liam Fox would in fact prefer no deal #Brexit to any deal remotely resembling Chequers, because he wants to be free to play the fantasy global trade deals game. 
"..you might call the suicide bombers of Brexit if they – Boris, David Davis, Andrea Leadsom, IDS, Bernard Jenkin, etc – weren’t sufficiently insulated by personal wealth to survive a no-deal explosion."#Brexitshambles#NoDeal 
For me, Rees-Mogg, Gove and Johnson aren't just the holy trinity (or perhaps the club sandwich) of Brexit, but also a kind of 3-headed Jimmy Savile. You know, just by watching them, that there's something very, very wrong, but there are just so many possibilities to choose from. 
BFE: The Big Brexit Con #2. In 2016 we were all told we'd be riding high in the saddle of our newfound sovereignty! The best plan the Government's come up with so far leaves us very much in the reins. Not what you voted for? Then do something about it!   
While Labour all-consumed by internal woes, other stuff going on out there, like revelations that referendum was illegally conducted. I’m signatory to this call for police investigation   
'BREXIT NEGOTIATIONS'. Bureaucrats meet bureaucrats to gas about bureaucratic solutions to bureaucratic problems, of which they themselves are the proud architects. These Death Eater Remainer apparatchiks are like pigs in s***. They feed off failure. 
Why Westminster's Brexit turmoil makes a 2019 Scottish Independence referendum likely  
A significant number of Con MPs have argued for EFTA/EEA & customs union but only some of us have VOTED for it. The only way to secure #Brexit deal that delivers jobs & prosperity is for MPs of all parties to have the courage of their convictions & put their #countrybeforeparty 
The case for another EU referendum is fraudulent. The first was conducted on the understanding that the government would implement the result:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Without getting embroiled in politics, I have to say it’s not just Corbyn’s anti-semetism, his love of Brexit, it’s more than that. He’s not a guy that many of us think is capable of leading Labour. Too much grim baggage. If Labour are to have a chance of power, he has to go. 
So, it’s live now; this is a piece I wrote for @Independent . (And just to clarify, no I did not vote in the referendum. I was too young at the time. And that’s in response to the negative comments underneath.)   
A no-deal Brexit will hit European countries the hardest - costing them a WHOPPING £500BN  
Look Leave voters: you’ve made your point - the EU have listened to your concerns and are going to start having elections; next year, in fact. So, about this Brexit lark, perhaps we could call it off eh?  
Liam Fox says there is a 60‑40 chance of no-deal Brexit, but hang on, whatever happened to the legal obligation that the EU is under during the Article 50 process?  
Come on Labour...what could be more fun than helping #FBPE /#Remain thwart the invalid ERG #Brexit that's being imposed upon us? You know the maj of you want to #StopBrexit & the loss of Rights & impoverishment of the UK. Back a #FinalSay & ditch your leadership if they deny it! 
I wrote to my local MP - a #Brexit ultra, to raise my concerns about SMEs who supply Airbus in the constituency. He never replied. If I had money though, I could get access to him via the IEA. It's crooked like that. And you're telling me this is a democracy? 
Worth remembering this from @johnredwood. In 2012 he argued that we would need a double referendum on #brexit - 2nd to decide to accept government's terms or not. Trust this means he'll now join colleagues @JustineGreening @sarahwollaston @Anna_Soubry  calling for #PeoplesVote 
Report reveals that a “no deal” #Brexit could cost the 27 EU member states £500 billion in trade tariffs and extra contributionsRees-Mogg adds: "It would be an enormous act of self-harm for the European Commission to insist on a punishment #Brexit” 
In a pathetically anti-Brexit article in the Sunday Times, Camilla Cavendish says Macron, whom she inordinately admires, not only rejected all May’s special pleading but even refused to hold a press conference afterwards. Poor May. She has no friends anywhere. Time for her to go! 
Been a heck of a week for me, Priscilla & the family on the #EU mainland in #France Reminded me more than ever we gotta stay close to our neighbours & friends over there. Keep on keepin on fightin #Brexit any way you can, y'all know it makes sense #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain 
Q. Why didn't Leavers have a plan?A. Because their promises were based on lies. Any concrete plans for the reality of Brexit would have exposed them as charlatans.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
Unforgivably, as Brexit is about to hit the poorest in our society the hardest, Labour argues among themselves.  
So it looks like we are heading for a catastrophic no deal Brexit and the risk of food shortages. Therefore, the question that needs to be asked is this, do you trust the Tory government to feed your family? 
Finally, the most popular thread in response. It does contain the naughty words "stupid" and "vomit". But if Mr Meyer clutches his pearls at hearing those words, I wonder what he thinks of "saboteurs", "enemies of the people" etc on the hard Brexit side:   
Just 50% of the #Conservative party are positive about GE prospects as confidence collapses over #BrexitIf #Conservative MPs haven’t noticed:Most activists will not be helping you IF you support the the #ChequersPlanRT if you agree#BrexitNowOrNever 
Liam Fox faced ridcule before we'd ever heard of Brexit #Twat  
How Australia's meat industry plans to flood post-Brexit Britain with products banned in EU  
Do you know what happens if there is a no deal #Brexit?Do you know what #WTO means?Have a look at the FACTS. It is not all doom and gloom.#BrexitNowOrNever#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
"Australian meat industry leaders are heavily lobbying their govt to put pressure on Britain to accept products currently banned under EU law after Brexit...meat products suggested for export to the UK are hormone-treated beef and “burnt goat heads"!! 
Powerful call for unity from Blair's former Home Secretary David Blunkett - urges people to set aside differences created during the referendum and turn the spirit of the leave vote into something positive  
So, some people are stockpiling food because of the Brexit scaremongers and are boasting about it on Twitter. How silly and irresponsible. Just the sort of people who let Britain down in the war. Perhaps they plan to sell it on the Black Market. All in this together eh? 
We face a Natl Emergency, an existential & generational crisis caused by a Far Right #Brexit coup & the main 'Opposition' is not only not opposing but is busy consuming itself whilst indulging in Appeasement of it own extremists & the ERG whom they indulge by denying a #FinalSay 
@AmyJMilliken  Oh come on Mr Starmer - you of all people know full well that once the Electoral Commission and the ICO announced recently that the 2016 leave vote was procured by crime,  any MP who still supports "brexit" is in direct breach of their duty to uphold the law. 
Alexa show me an uncomfortably precise metaphor for Brexit  
If more democracy in the party is what @UKLabour are really committed to ensuring then listening to members on Brexit and backing a 2nd referendum is what the leadership must do. PS And a proper debate at conference  
Whatever the outcome of the Brexit negotiations and whenever that may be, as a nation we have learned that all of our politicians are not very good. When the dust settles we must, all of us together, put that right, 
Reminder:Brexit is very simple.Do we want our laws made in Westminster by scoundrels we can kick out?or By even bigger scoundrels in Brussels that we can't?Simple choice. I choose 'we can kick out' every time.You?  
'Liam Fox's imperialist arrogance will help to make Brexit the most difficult thing in human history'  
When was the last time you left the UK without a passport? The FoM rules are quite strict,  you get 3 months to find work, you cannot claim benefits or be a danger to society. The inept UK govt could not implement these rules, probably on purpose to drive the case for Brexit. 
Nicola Jennings on Theresa May's trip to talk Brexit with Emmanuel Macron - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
“Without Scottish Oil #LittleEngland has very little to sell to the World”#Brexit reality is we have an isolated&resource poor neighbour full of avarice trying to consume an exceedingly resource rich Scotland.#DissolvetheUnion 
This from someone who supported Brexit and from whom I have learnt an awful lot about the EU's deficiencies. Read this thread. He is truly panicking and for good reason.  
How Australia's meat industry plans to flood post-Brexit Britain with products banned in EU  
“The three proportional representation options on the referendum ballot preserve — and indeed enhance — local representation. They also produce results that are proportional — a legislature that reflects our actual preferences.” #bcpoli 
Theresa May confident of reaching Brexit deal, sources say  
The main reason I'm campaigning against the WTO option is because my inner 23 year old libertarian self thinks it's a good idea - which is a pretty solid indicator that it isn't.  #Brexit 
In another blow to @theresa_may and her disastrous #ChequersPlan @LiamFox has said that a no deal #Brexit is on the cards because of the behaviour and “intransigence” of the #EULiam now rates the chances of a deal at 60%#chequersmeanscorbyn 
@PennyMordaunt "The oldest, most stable and most successful country in Europe has a duty to remind a European Union barely 50 years old that Government is servant, and not master, of the people" #Brexit  
'NOT going to happen' BA and Aer Lingus chief's STERN reply to Varadkar's Brexit threat  
Confirming Brexit is led by far right politicians in love with Trump. Come on @UKLabour do you really want to be on the side of this lot? 
No deal Brexit would indeed be catastrophic failure of gov but also of opposition.So come on parliament - stop all this talk of ruining the country & start showing some muscle & common sense. Can't keep blaming gov whilst facilitating all they're doing. 
If EU were a pure trading bloc, why'd Britain have to pay huge fees just to trade?The reality is, the fees we pay in the billions goes to the cost of advancing EU political union.With #Brexit, we shouldn't pay a single penny to prop up this illegitimate superstate?  
With the @Conservatives having huge internal divisions, how can we know that they are focused on delivering what the country needs regarding #Brexit? We must demand better, including the opportunity for the people to have the final say on deal and #ExitFromBrexit 
Liam Fox faces ridicule over U-turn on Brexit no-deal  
A tweet from Steve Double Tory MP rebutting the asinine Suggestion by Sarah Wollaston renegade Tory MP that Most ppl no longer want Brexit.Even with Project Fear 2 in full swing the 17.4m remainunswayed.  
Brian Adcock on signs of a no deal Brexit @independent #BrexitShambles - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  pic.twitter.com/KaAeGpSDwx 
Comprehension test for all educated, non racist people:Read this and tell me one reason why this German couple are leaving London.PS. Don't waste your time - there are zero reasons in the article, just the usual Brexit is bad stuff. 
2 years for Govt to get negotiating position. Ministers hiding from EU negotiators. Fox’s “easiest trade deal in history” is another Brexit lie.  
Farage "forecasts" that in the Autumn, MAY and the EU will create a situation to suspend Article 50. If so Brexit supporters must galvanize behind one party. Too many 'new' groups or parties. We need a dynamic leader. Filling halls etc getting the BREXIT Army ready for the fight. 
How Australia's meat industry plans to flood post-Brexit Britain with products banned in EU  
This page is for people who voted leave and have since changed their minds, for whatever reason. Spread the message as to why you think Brexit should be stopped and hopefully we can change enough viewpoints to make a difference. #TakeBackYourVote 
Netherlands win the final. But what an achievement from Ireland to be runner up.Between that, the bread crisis, heatwave, and the abortion referendum, it'll be a belter of an episode of Reeling In The Years. 
Time to #StopBrexit"The Brexit writing is on the wall for Britain....this country, its Brexit-tainted economy already badly underperforming, simply cannot afford such a gross act of national self-harm." 
This on why we should think again on Brexit by Michael Morpurgo is superb.It's also exactly the type of calm, thoughtful, reflective, informative thing that the BBC built its reputation on with Letter from America, Moral Maze, and others. More please. 
An amicable no-deal Brexit is implausible   
A question I put to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on an LBC phone-in. Thur 14 Sept 2017#Brexit#WTO 
We have now sold over half of the tickets for the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference in #Leeds on 8 September - Creating a Vision of a New Britain Without #Brexit! There are now just 3 days left to buy tickets at the special "Early Bird" price of £10. 
Thank you @lauraforshrews! Great to see another @UKLabour PPC support a #PeoplesVote.#Labour voters, members, candidates and MPs can change the course of the country, #Brexit is not inevitable.  
This is great piece from @RhiannonV  "the loud and proud mass of self-styled prophetic men online need to get with the times, or risk losing us essential votes in the next independence referendum" #gammonklaxon 
#EUsupergirl telling #Nice @PulseofEurope that BREXIT = VOID because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw  There is no arguments left in defence of #Brexit  #StopBrexit #PulseofEurope 
Jacob Rees-Mogg calls on Brexit Britain to learn from @realDonaldTrump who has played a blinder on trade with Brussels and whose tax cuts have “liberated the American economy.” Support us at  
Why a no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear  It is hard to mount a rational argument against this article. Indeed there have been no rational counter-arguments, only hysteria and abuse, which shows it has hit the spot. WTO first, FTA later. 
People gave Conte every benefit of every doubt because the squad wasn’t good enough. Sarri gets one game against the run away champions with one signing and is slated. Fuck the brexit fans of this club 
This is disingenuous.The rules within which Brexit would take place are established by Treaty and Law. You and @UKLabour have known this for years.And yet you peddle a phoney “Jobs First Brexit” as if it was possible to leave EU and not damage Britain. You are just as guilty.  
David Cameron calls Michael Gove a lunatic... from the man who gave us an EU referendum few people wanted and was gerrymandered in Leave's favour.  
Lot of Breitbart-Tommeh supporting fools weighing in to the Labour Party AS debate today. I wonder if they're the same ones that interfered on twitter when the referendum was on?  Never forget - Tessy May and Cambridge Analytica.  
I signed this letter calling on Met Police to investigate Vote Leave’s law breaking during referendum campaign.  
I am one of the thickos that support Brexit. I am struggling to understand if the UK will race ahead as a Country, leaving the EU behind, why has @LiamFox signed up to tying the UK to the EU? Surely WTO is the way to go? 
... because it's still the funniest thing I've read in a long time. #brexit #NoDealBrexit #tories #funny 
The only real threat to British democracy comes from the far right and those in the media and conservative party that enable fascism. #Brexit 
#Brexit: Know what you know now how you would vote on Second referendum ( If there was one) . Vote and retweet for a big sample 
Possible replacement for  "Liam Fox" ?#nodealbrexit #Tories #brexit  
“It's my people who voted for Brexit. To call them racist is wrong and divisive .” David Blunkett  
‘Dave’ can blame no one but himself: he was fool enough to give jobs to Gove & Johnson & he called the EU Referendum  
A former defence minister told @TomSwarbrick1 he did not believe public opinion on Brexit had changed, and that EU negotiators have "basically put two fingers up at the UK". 
Why do MPs & peers have to URGE the Met to investigate a serious breach of the law?Why do Gov't & Labour ignore it &, plough on w damaging Brexit even though it is NOT the *will of the people*?Where is the outrage in the media? In parliament? In the ppl?  
Summary:1. Why have I started stockpiling food - mostly fresh fruit & veg - ahead of Brexit?2. It's because I'm - to use a technical term - bonkers.3. I actually believe Project Fear 2.4. So do my loony friends.5. Talk about Brexit Derangement Syndrome!6. That's all, folks!  
OK brexists. You don't give a fuck if #Brexit means that millions of your own people lose their jobs if people can't feed their kids or if the sick die cos they can't get imported medication so why should I give a fuck about your will 
Brexit is a dead weight dragging hard-working British households down. We need to cut it loose and grab the Remain dividend. #PeoplesVote 
You should...this is a most excellent thread...and it exposes one of the biggest issues of Brexit...too many vested interests in the circles of power...and when I say power I mean money and media. The very same power the EU is trying much harder than UK is to get a handle on.  
The Brexit blame game was planned long time in advance by the Tories. Here my summary of the Lancaster House speech removing all of  Theresa May's waffling and warm words. Drew this on the day and it still holds.  
Great so Americans now think Brexit is a good thing and Tommy Robinson’s a serious politician!  
Economic impact on Britain’s GDP from Brexit scenarios, by regions:•Single Market•Free Trade•No Deal  
Make no mistake. @LiamFox’s bluster today is specifically designed to entrench the Blame-myth that his Brexit would have been great without the pesky EU ruining it.Don’t be taken in. The blame rests with those who promoted Brexit while actively ignoring its consequences.  
New #Brexit stamps  
Arguably,yes it’s contributed to it. & whilst I still want to be as close to Europe as possible the question some are not asking is, what facilitated Brexit? Id argue free market, economic liberalisation played a key role.That also needs an answer centrists do not appear to offer  
Clearly it matters if Carney denounces Brexit or a no deal outcome. The pound falls and the government’s negotiating position is weakened. So he should shut up on the subject which is quintessentially political. Otherwise he is welcome to resume a political career—in Canada. 
Increasingly being told “get my shoulder behind Brexit make it a success”. AFAIK, I can’t resolve NI border problem, restore value of the £, remodel logistics at ports to prevent chaos or stem reduction in investment to save jobs. I can pick fruit, but I didn’t shit the bed, so.. 
#Workers ‘s  rights in takeover situations may disappear if #Brexit goes ahead (via @InFactsOrg ): 
The EU told the government before the referendum, that pensions should be doubled to keep pace with other nations.Well, this bunch of criminals had no intention of doing that, or accepting the EU law that would stamp out TAX AVOIDANCE completely ..FAR TOO HONEST FOR THIS BUNCH! 
Today, I spoke with a Spanish architect working in London. His international (i.e. export-earning!) firm will move to Madrid if Brexit happens, because most of the team are EU non-UK citizens.     Just one more Brexit casualty (for UK, not for his company — they'll be fine). 
Libor shift is a challenge ‘bigger than Brexit’  
300 years of British foreign policy#Brexit #HighToryGang 
Governor Carney may well have sent Sterling South briefly after his negative comments on BREXIT on Friday. However I wouldn't be surprised if Dr Liam Fox's comments on a 60-40 likelihood of NO DEAL having an even more adverse effect on the £ on Monday. PM May may well be vexed? 
I’m in the most Brexit pub ever  
Hard to argue with this. Why May must stop the #Brexit clock. #BrexitShambles #PeopleVote 
Brexit is an existential problem for EU:If EU agrees to a bespoke British deal, other nations will start asking for their own bespoke deals. The EU will unravel. That's why Britain mustn't expect EU to agree a good deal but go full steam ahead with #WTOBrexit. Now or never? 
BBC News - Liam Fox: No deal most likely Brexit outcome for UK  This is no surprise. For many Brexiteers, the only acceptable deal is one where the EU offers all the benefits of membership without the obligations- which will never happen 
What do you mean you don’t want Brexit, I was promised that I would only come into contact with my fans. You haven’t got any fans left. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Hard Brexiteer Michael Gove will be attending the Turriff Show tomorrow. Will he bring answers to the food producers of the North East after 2 yrs of obfuscation on Brexit, the customs union, membership of single market, geographical protections, food standards, environment etc? 
Desperate Dan works for the Daily Mail Group. You know, the ones that printed that vile "Enemies of the People" witch hunt front page when 3 judges did their jobs and stood up to Theresa May's autocratic Brexit scheming.100% self-awareness fail from Mr wrong-about-everything.  
I'm totally beyond giving a shit about who blames who for what in the Tory party.Every single one of them is an architect of the Brexit clusterf*ck we're in.  
'According to a comprehensive research paper by University of Warwick professor Thiemo Fetzer Tory austerity and welfare cuts caused Brexit. Spending on healthcare flatlined under the Tory-led coalition and spending on education contracted by 19 per cent.' 
McVey is part of the extreme Brexit mob who want to do away with workers rights and human rights, privatise the NHS and supply zero public services unless you pay for them. While the BBC is busy normalising fascism on Newsnight, May enabled it at the DWP by appointing McVey. 
Patrick Blower on Brexit negotiations between Theresa May and Michel Barnier (after Leslie Illingworth) - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
‘May’s Chequer’s plan was the softest Brexit you could imagine - but even this wasn’t enough for EU negotiators. They are never going to let us leave.’@jowilliams293 on Sky 
Fox's explanation for No Deal being 'odds-on' is that the EU is allowing "theological obsession" to take priority over "the economic well-being of the people" - which is precisely what he & the other Brexit-regardless-of-damage extremists are doing. 
To clear up questions early: 1. I am a Remainer 2. I almost voted to leave but spent hours on the night before the referendum researching about the EU. 3. I believe we should have a people’s vote 4. I’m not trying to ‘overturn’ the referendum result. 
I ran some very big polls on Facebook a little while back and the result went the way of leave. However, I’ve been asked to run that same poll on twitter. So here it is: SAKE QUESION - 2 YEARS ON - REMAIN OR LEAVE? Vote then retweet. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Liam Fox Brexit statement. No mention of his previous claim that it would be the easiest deal in history. Suggestion that it is part of a pattern to tell EU that although No Deal would be bad for UK, it would be very bad for EU. Oh dear.  /end 
Gove was caught impersonating a German EU bureaucrat. Negotiating Brexit is no joke, so stop treating it like one! 
How news can misinform. Watched BBC News at 2:00: Labour antisemitism and Brexit.. Political commentator Q&A with presenter on why Labour antisemitism issue will not go away, including IHRA definitions. Israel not mentioned once, even though it is key to remaining issues. 1/2 
You’re right. The pubs, chip shops and car boot sales of Nottinghamshire, where I’ve just spent the week, are full of rage at the prospect of a second referendum being forced upon them. Faith in politics (and media) is at an all time low 
As with others The Times conveniently ignores the elephant in the room; alongside that 'serious disinformation problem' and the 'foreign interference' there's the very real and proven cheating and criminal activity of the Leave campaigns the enormity of which is being suppressed. 
Brexit.  
"David Cameron blames Michael Gove, not Boris Johnson, for his defeat in the EU referendum and the loss of his political career" says the Sunday Times.Hmm. Who do we blame, boys and girls? (And by "loss of his political career" I do mean "screwing up the country for 50 yrs") 
The @BBC is once again providing an uncritical platform for fascists. The BBC is colluding in the far-right kleptonationalist war against our democracy. A massive clear-out is needed, and fast.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Sarah Wollaston obviously thinks she can read minds.Saying most ppl don’t want Brexit.She can neither count and has hearing problems17.4 million ppl chose to vote to leave the U.K. and you Sarah are a blind,deaf and stupid woman if you think they have changed their minds.  
No deal! #brexit  
Liam Fox says a 'no deal' Brexit is now very likely. Remember two years ago when he said a deal with the EU would be the "easiest in human history"?  
Time is running out to prevent this disaster, and when it comes to Brexit there is no returns policy. The best way to avoid a crisis is to give the people the final say on the deal, and an opportunity to Exit from Brexit. 
No, David Cameron. You don't get to blame others for your absolutely unforgivable decision to hold the Brexit referendum. It was your decision. You thought it was a game, a gamble that you'd win to keep the ERG happy. As unpleasant as Gove is, the blame for this is at your door  
Farage blasts Theresa May & the current status of the Brexit negotiation: "We voted for independence, not a backroom deal done with Barnier!"The true benefits of Brexit will never be realised with Theresa the Appeaser at the helm. Support us at  
All MPs shld listen to every word of this @Jochurchill4.There is no Will of the Ppl for #Brexit..not now. All versions leave us Poorer with Less Control & Fewer Rights, the Removal of which has no Consent.THINK AGAIN #PeoplesVote & a #FinalSayRT your MP 
Thanks for the tweets, e-mails & (always welcome) constructive criticism Personal attacks are less welcome though underline the point -few Brexit "Overturners" have a genuine interest in exploring why we are here  Last plug for my @QuilletteM essay 
#SNP manifesto and #BrexitBallot #indyref2_2019 (ideally late Spring, probably early Autumn).Campaign launch immediately after naming likelt ballot period or date.This tweet should give #Scotland_the_Feart ample time to find another set of reasons why we can't and for delay 
To put that graph in numbers: the £ pound has dropped from €1.43 in 2015 to 1.12 now. That’s 27% !! No wonder things are more expensive. Amply wipes out any mythical Brexit dividend for the NHS. 
Rather than cancelling police leave due to unrest that will be caused by a catastrophic why not just cancel #brexit itself?Given the fact the country is #RemainerNow anyway it makes political sense.  
Brexit Bombshell: All Northern Ireland people would be better off in a new united Ireland says new report  
Theresa May, your party is going to get rid of you before the next election, that is a certainty. A no deal Brexit will certainly harm our country, do the right bloody thing and stop it. You cannot save yourself, you can save the country. 
BREAKING NEWS BBC now just telling people how bad Brexit will be  - 2 years after the vote...........quick on the up take eh .  BBC informing people. 
The 'illberal undemocrat' Vince Cable planning to form an alliance with Blair's ally in attempt to stop Brexit. These individuals are severely deluded trying to undermine our democracy! 
Wise words from @RhiannonV: Addressing societal problems after independence is not viable. As for the loud mass of self-styled prophetic men online, they need to get with the times or risk losing us essential votes in the next independence referendum.  
Never in the field of British history will so many have been so willing to let themselves be so comprehensively shafted by so few. Leavers cheering on a no-deal #Brexit. 
#BREXIT news: Sky News opinion poll shows 50% of UK citizens wishes a second referendum and 59% would vote #remain in the EU.Please retweet to inform!  #PeoplesVote #Bexitshamble #FBPE #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
Remind them from me that it feels expensive as the £ has dropped against the Euro rather a lot due to. Brexit so it buys less.Here’s a graph.They voted for it.They brought it on for all of us who didn’t.That’s why import costs have risen here.Tell them they aren’t popular  
Balls to Remoaners: Careful what you wish for - you’d LOSE a new Referendum  
Way before Brexit was even a thing, most Brits wanted less EU. Only the Greeks were more dissatisfied, with good reason  
Remainiacs are ultimately advocating a vote that never elects, referenda that's never implemented and a society living under the pretence of a democracy.#Brexit#WTO 
Please do me the personal favour of retweeting this thread on the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement. The more people grasp this very simple premise the fewer times I have to repeat myself and the less likely I am to throttle somebody.#Brexit  
Brexit must mean the UK getting out of the European Medicines Agency, says Luke Watson  
Liam Fox says no deal Brexit “now most likely outcome”. No one voted for food shortages, social unrest and chaos at our ports and airports. Remember that this is a choice. There is still time to say no to #Brexit #StopBrexit 
"They promised a global Britain. Instead they got a lonely Britain". Watch the barnstorming Brexit speech.  
Cameron knows he’s going to go down in history as the Prime Minister who enabled a disastrous Brexit that will break up the UK and ruin the economy. This is his latest desperate attempt to deflect the blame 
First the bizarre heat scorches the crops. Then Brexit cuts off the imports. Soon there will be no food. 
And this: "Never more than 19% of Brits wanted to strengthen their country’s relationship with the EU" in the 22 years prior to Brexit.  
Oops... just started my tweet day with a #Brexit tweet and I promised myself I wouldn’t! So... here’s to a Sunny Happy Sunday y’all! 
Brexit myth: Voters were swayed by slogans on buses, lying MPs, short-term promises and misinformationReality: "The currents that led to this seismic moment were decades in the making".  
I guarantee you that there is at least one show at Edinburgh Fringe called “Full English Brexit” and it’s a male comedian who’s photo is him with his hand on the back of his head. I just know it exists, with no evidence 
Quite likely. Brexit is the fight against EU Nationalism and the fight for self-determination. EU Nationalists (once called Remainers) see it a personal, moral and political victory to ensure the EU subjugates and turns the UK into a province ruled by an unaccountable regime 
Are we succumbing to denialism? Let's hope not. The evidence is that we are waking up to the reality of Brexit and our dysfunctional and divisive political tribes. #RenewParty 
It's a @johnredwood #slapdown live on TV courtesy of @Andrew_Adonis   Redwood forced to admit he supported a second referendum on the terms of Brexit.  
Woke up, heard the bells ringing all along the border, and thought Brexit had finally passed away. But it’s just Sunday again 
Theresa May is our #CrimeMinister ignoring laws being broken in the Referendum, dismissing every appeal with the phrase that it is ‘the will of the people.’  
Sigh. Liam Fox and co blaming the EU for a no deal Brexit is the first step in prepping us for a few years of them blaming the EU for food and medicine shortages, queues of lorries. Whoever’s fault this is, it’s not going to be the people whose actual fault it is. Boringly awful. 
U.K. trade secretary says Brexit negotiations are more likely to end in failure than in success  
Why are the right-wing media so promoting small time criminal thug and yob-mob leader Yaxley-Lennon? There is only one plausible reason - because the Brextremists now believe that they might need to use civil disorder & violence as political tools. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Labour's new Brexit policy is an unsatisfactory half-way house @John_Mills_JML 
If you don't like the idea of being an MP that was voted in on a Brexit deal WHY DON'T YOU RESIGN I AM SURE YOU WON'T BE MISSED THAT WAY YOUR PRINCIPLES WON'T BE OFFENDED. 
When will Remoaners like Alastair Campbell ever learn? The proposal of a Second referendum is fundamentally undemocratic.  
Never in the field of British history will so many have been so comprehensively screwed by so few. No-deal #Brexit. 
Brexit means really big, powerful trade deals with distant economies.  
Fascinating to watch this video of hypocritical Brexit bully @Jacob_Rees_Mogg advocating in the Commons the merits of having 2 referendums: one on whether to leave/remain in EU, and another on terms of deal once known.#PeoplesVotepic.twitter.com/7mmcLB3m73 
The real prospect of Britain electing anti-semitic revolutionary Marxist extremists is far more threatening than a "no deal" Brexit 
infinity war not being available in the uk for 15 more days is pure hot brexit 
Agree entirely. Brexit will prolong austerity, hitting the poorest hardest, whilst progressing the decline in public services and increasing  privatisation. Brexit is hard right Conservatism not socialism. Members must be heard and the leadership must act accordingly.  
Just look at the drop in GDP from different Brexit scenarios - in particular, the drop in GDP from a no deal Brexit. In many UK regions, this would represent the worst economic decline in British history.The only Brexit deal that is a good deal is the current deal.  
It has always been the Brextremist plan to get a no-deal #Brexit providing huge profits for disaster capitalists & forcing the UK to slash taxes, regulations & welfare in order to survive economically.  They are harming the British people for profit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Personally I think all politicians of all parties should put the health of the nation before their own political ambitions and scrap this fraudulent Brexit immediately. 
So, Welsh Twitter. Brexit and the Welsh Independence issue rumble on. Which configuration would you prefer?Please vote and RT. 
Here's Nat, she did not vote in the 2016 #euref as she found the campaigns so poor, she was confused & couldnt decipher the best way to go. Now she sees the reality of #brexit she's a #RemainerNow & is desperate for a #PeoplesVote!@nat_orwell84 welcome to #remainernow club. 
Brexit is the fight against EU Nationalism and the fight for self-determination. EU Nationalists (once called Remainers) see it apersonal, moral and political victory to ensure the EU subjugates and turns the UK into a province ruled by an unaccountable authoritarian regime 
Very good article from head of the TSSA on why we need a #PeoplesVote #finalsay on #brexit.He rightly flags the number of 2016 abstainers who are now looking at the reality of brexit and (along with some leave voters) are #RemainerNow#willofthepeople 
You are a Conservative MP. Your party campaigned at the last GE as a Brexit party and your previous PM promised to implement the result of the referendum. Don’t you think that, as a Tory MP, you should honour those pledges?  
There is a small but mouthy mob in the Tory Party that thinks the same approach Britain had to colonialism will work with Brexit. Playing communities off against one another is the psychopathic scammer approach to life and it's cringeworthy that British politicians do it now 
Crashing out of the EU with no deal is not what people voted for. The government’s blind commitment to a #Brexit at any cost is naive. A #hardbrexit is the worst outcome for the UK and must be avoided. #exitfrombrexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
More #Brexit fear mongering? Nope sober analysis from those who have to police this island. Those in the UK who trivialize the border & the #GFA do so out of ignorance or malevolence 
FM said an Indyref2 vote would be held "when the terms of Brexit are known".That position has not altered.Holyrood gave mandate. Section 30 Order request has been lodged. Brexit terms will be known very soon.Prepare, plan, organise. That's our immediate task. Indy2 is coming. 
Rich investors who have followed John Redwood's advice to move their money abroad stand to make huge profits from a no-deal economic crisis. And when the dust settles a pariah UK would be forced to become a #BrexitTaxHaven to attract and retain business & investment.#Brexit  
The pound may have lost its last remaining causes for optimism  
Hey Liam, thought a Brexit deal was going to be “the easiest in human history”?!  
It's significant because @LowTaxChloe and chums are meant to be the "acceptable face" of Brexit but there she is enthusiastically endorsing Anne Marie Waters just a month after Brexit. Waters is a far right extremist and anyone engaged in politics 2 years ago knew that 
Liam Fox says no-deal Brexit now more likely than an agreement  
If you fancy a laugh & need a bit of cheering up this #SundayMorning then tune into @Nigel_Farage on @LBC - listening to his desperate whining about #Brexit & putting forward his nonsensical arguments really drives home how weak the #Leave side is & how #BrexitIsDead  
British pensioners have been abused by govt for decades. Pensions lower than those for pensioners in Chile. 29% of contributions paid back as pension. Netherlands 100%. EU told UK to double the state pension days before the referendum to leave the EU, UK pensions are 3rd world.  
BLUNKETT: Brits voting Brexit because of mass migration are not racist. “The people had, quite frankly, had enough.”  
Feuerbach: "...the present age...prefers the sign to the thing signified, the copy to the original, representation to reality, the appearance to the essence... illusion only is sacred, truth profane." Our age: Brexit, Trump. Fight them. 
Idea for a BBC programme:“The Day After” - showing the real-world consequences of a no-deal Brexit and their evolution over the days and weeks that follow.How about it, BBC? 
Prime Minister accused of 'humiliating' Aboriginal leaders with rejection of referendum@moir_alan 
Liam Fox was right, a No Deal Brexit will be the easiest deal in human history. 
Why ⁦@theresa_may⁩ must stop the Brexit clock.With the prospect of a no deal disaster growing greater by the day, the prime minister has little choice but to ask the EU to extend the March deadline.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
"Labour exists to challenge and defeat poverty, inequality and injustice in our society" - @jeremycorbynOur Party must urgently solve itself, unite as one against this devastating Tory Brexit and deliver the "huge fightback" @Keir_Starmer spoke of. All our futures depend on it. 
Since the MOMENT Theresa May triggered Article 50, we have been told  that no deal is better than a bad deal.Day in, day out. Now we are being told, that a ‘no deal’ option doesn’t actually exist.Leavers, are you FINALLY seeing the sheer lies? #Brexit 
A no-deal #Brexit would be a massive crime against the British people orchestrated by a far-right clique willing tell any lie and inflict any amount of suffering on the British people in order to get themselves a #BrexitTaxHaven. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
I have no wish to undermine Corbyn or add to his woes (I want him to succeed), but I do wish he would address the corrupt EU referendum. 
*Brexit Explained*  
my grandad is a proper socialist. he's so socialist that corbyn isn't even socialist enough for him. he still thinks we should stay in the EU. so what's your excuse for backing Brexit @jeremycorbyn?  #SocialistSunday 
Clean Brexit Most Likely Outcome for UK, Says International Trade Secretary   
Liam Fox says no-deal Brexit now more likely than agreement with Brussels  
Another day, another thought-provoking Liam Fox interview. Plenty to get your teeth into, not least the suggestion that a no deal Brexit would harm the EU more than the UK, which all evidence debunks and no credible person believes.  
Liam Fox is trying to deflect blame away from the mess the Tories have made over Brexit. The only right way to deal with this now is to give the British people the final say on the Brexit terms, and the option to stay in the EU.Add your name if you agree:  
This news piece perfectly illustrates problem of @BBCNews Brexit coverage. Parrotting of Fox line, no balance from Barnier/EU perspective, quotes Rees-Mogg in response to Carney, then dwells on Patel piece in Telegraph. Agenda set by press and ERG. Woeful. 
Liam Fox has no respect from the business community. He is unfit for his job. His only backers are within his own party (ERG), Rupert Murdoch and Nigel Farage. All three despicables should be nowehere near power in the UK. They have driven the UK to a 'No Deal' Brexit #StopBrexit 
Spending part of my childhood living on British military bases in Germany makes me appreciate how good European cooperation is.Brexit is a threat to national security.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote 
“Remarkably this 15th album might be their best” “Confident, powerful & tumescent with Trump/Brexit rage… Elephantine drums like distant gunfire, warring with squalling guitars.…”  —@ObserverUK #extraordinarytimes 
David Cameron, who called the EU Referendum, reportedly blames Michael Gove for Brexit. 
The relentlessly anti-Brexit FT is backing May’s Chequers plan. No further questions, your honour...  
Make yourself unpopular this Sunday, if you're going to a family gathering: ask how everyone is preparing for a no deal Brexit and civil unrest. These conversations have to be had with the 'muddle through' and 'carry on' crowd. Wakey wakey, Britain!  #FBPE #WATON 
LAST JULY Liam Fox said “The free trade agreement that we will have to do with the European Union should be one of the EASIEST IN HUMAN HISTORY.” Last night he admitted No Deal deal is the most likely outcome of Brexit . Having accepted his own ineptitude will he now resign? 
“Democracy needs to be based on honest representation.But representations made to the people in the referendum campaign were untrue.”Cross-party group of MP and peers urge police to investigate Brexit campaign ‘law breaking’.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The most pointless minister in govt, a man who has jet-setted across the globe in search of trade deals yet hasn't lined up a single one, Liam Fox reckons the EU is to blame for everything going wrong with Brexit. Incompetent, over-promoted blowhards like him is more like it.  
Every one who has a vote must use it to prevent the rise of the far right. Hopefully the one thing Brexit has taught those living in the rest of the EU is that the unimaginable happens when people don't participate. We are fighting to get a vote, don;t waste yours.  
The. EU. Commissioners. Are. Not. A. Civil. Service. They. Are. The. ONLY. Ones. Who. Can. Initiate. Or. Repeal. Legislation. They. Are. The. Executive. Branch. Of. The. EU. Government. And. They. Are. Completely. Unelected. #Brexit  
Leader of @ForBritainParty spoke to large meeting in Crewe & Nantwich, a target seat, where 60% voted for #BrexitIt is a marginal Lab seat where the Lab MP is supporting Lab's attempts,& the attempts by all the other parties in Parliament,to overthrow #Brexit#BrexitBetrayal 
British governments have done away with coast guards, filled the Home Office with crooks, depleted the border guards, weakened our defences by imposing PC racial and LGBT equality on army and MI5/6. They now propose to ignore the result of a referendum. 
A majority of company secretaries — 58 per cent — said Brexit would have no impact on their business  
Liam Fox has warnd that a 'No deal' Brexit is now odds - he blames the EU for not agreeing to Britain's plan. There hasn't been a plan and Tories have spent 2 yrs arguing amongst themselves, but hey, they need a scapegoat! #BrexitShambles - we need #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Mrs Merkel isn't even prioritising such an important issue like Brexit. The EU does not care about us. Let's leave on WTO rules! 
‘@LiamFox: 60% chance of No Deal, World Trade Brexit. “I think the intransigence of the Commission is pushing us towards No Deal.” 
This band of incompetents has been in power for long enough. They've had two years to get the Brexit they promised the country. Now failure is apparent, watch them revert back to blaming the EU for their own inadequacies. 
Caught Again - Condescending Christopher Montgomery of #VoteLeave "Pro-EU ministers are saying we won't get insulin sandwiches or whatever rubbish they're coming out with" - the warnings actually came from the UK Medicines & Healthcare Regulator and the European Medicines Agency. 
Stewart Jackson (@BrexitStewart) tells me on @LBC that Chequers is a betrayal and is not what people voted for. He says it is about as bad a deal as you can get and there is a 40% chance of a no-deal Brexit. 
Good thread. I'll add that I've figured out what the "WTO only Brexit" fans are fundamentally arguing: that the UK can enjoy at least some of the benefits of a free trade deal with the EU without actually signing an FTA. Just another form of   
Brexit is about the rich like Jacob Rees-Mogg - not anyone else.  
why does Cameroon think anyone is interested in his memoirs.....Eton, politics, needed LibDems to get him in power, lost referendum, ran away, used taxpayer handout to buy tool shed..........you'd think he'd have been cured of his vanity by now 
Alt-right racist UK Trump supporter Tommy Robinson writes the most pathetic prison complaint you’ll ever read.“I need a TV as I am being mentally tortured” rofl #Brexit #WorldsSmallestViolin 
From austerity, to Brexit, to economic collapse - The story of how the Conservatives crippled the country revealed in new damning study  #Brexit #Austerity 
From the MP who told voters a Brexit deal should be “the easiest in history.” #BrexitShambles 
David Blunkett: It's my people who voted for Brexit. To call them racist is wrong and divisive  
Prime Minister accused of ‘humiliating’ Aboriginal leaders with rejection of referendum   | The New Daily  
PS @faisalislam @adamboultonSKY pls could you both do a #Brexit Forensics on the Rights we'll be losing if this #BrexitShambles goes ahead...This was not debated in the Ref & barely at all since. Inclused no longer being able to take UKGovt to the ECJ for infringement of Rights 
Oh VERY dearie me !#LiamFox - you know who I mean - the Disgraced Former Defence Secretary !He said a  #Brexit trade deal would be *the easiest in history*Now thinks UK will probably leave without. 
Friends! There were 3 of us:1. A passerby.2. A bored student, listening to AC/DC through headphones.3. And, of course, Yours Truly (on the Left, wearing the silly hat)!And yet Leavers STILL claim that "most people just want to see Brexit delivered"!Talk about deluded!  
A no deal Brexit means that from 29th March 2019, Britain will be the only country in the entire world with no trade deals with anyone.Put that on a bus.   
People of Hull appear to have changed their mind re Brexit. People queueing up for anti Brexit stickers + I couldnt keep up with demand @HumberStSesh @peoplesvote_uk   now! @richardcobbett @48pcHullEYork @Andrew_Adonis @acgrayling @mikegalsworthy @albawhitewolf @campbellclaret 
The Observer is right, it's time Brexit advocates and promulgators faced the hard facts. The EU27 are not going to back down: and shouting at them, berating, inveigling or trying to divide them won't work.The Brexit writing is on the wall for Britain.  
Ian Macwhirter: Don't let the blind men of Brexit take us over the cliff  
1. The "Beg to Macron" summitNo Dominic Raab (Brexit secretary) but Remoaner in Chief Olli Robbins at the negotiating tableThis isn't just embarrassing for the UK, it is just plain wrongThe Tory party is finshed, toast unless this bullshit stops#MayMustGoNow #TeamTory pic.twitter.com/HZE38l3820 
Stick it to 'em Faisal...factual journalism at its best...#Peoplesvote for a #FinalSay with a #Revoke #Remain #Reform option #Brexit is all about the imposition of political will on the Ppl & nothing to do with the true Will of the Ppl.  
The sooner May falls the better. She is such an embarrassment - a Remainer intent on derailing Brexit  
One of the problems with Brexit is that there are too many people thinking "I can't see why we can't..." and not enough admitting "I don't know how we can". 
Brexit is going into its final textbook phase. As predicted, when the non-existing plan fails, brexiteers will blame the EU for the failure because they are sticking to the same message they had since before the vote.  #brexit 
I feel it necessary to mention again, for a very short while I was conned by the BREXIT RED BUS with its NHS spending bonanza and by a documentary on "hapless EUHappily my fellow Scots set me right in double quick timeI am both sorry & eternally thankful#DissolveTheUnion 
The EU is forcing Britain into a No-Deal according to Brexiteer Liam Fox. Barnier and the rest of the EU clearly do not want a deal, even a transitional period! Let's have a WTO Brexit and embrace a brighter future with the rest of the world. 
As a Plan B to another referendum, this could be a Plan A: “To get through Brexit we should abandon political parties – and hold a general election of Leave v Remain MPs - The Independent  
This is why the Brexit Taliban are so terrified of giving the people their say on the Brexit deal. #PeoplesVote 
David Cameron 'brands Michael Gove a lunatic' and 'blames him for Brexit' 
The EU was created because reasonable people who'd lived through two World Wars thought discussion and cooperation were better than killing 80 million people every 20-odd years.Leavers, by definition, disagree.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Extremist Brexiters already blaming EU for their own catastrophic policy.Brexit is too important to be left with the likes of Dr. Fox.#PeoplesVote 
This is one of the most persuasive arguments I have heard in favour of thinking again before we finally leave the EU. Michael Morpurgo puts the case in its historical context and he puts it clearly.  #Brexit 
NB: “young party members who joined on Corbyn’s promise about a say over policy are questioning the way the leadership is behaving not just on antisemitism, but on other key issues including Brexit, and want to see the democracy that the leader promised”:  
But you said a trade deal with the EU would be the easiest in history. Were you lying or are you incompetent? Either way you're not fit to do this job. Have you no shame when you go back on your word? The Brexit you promised is undeliverable. #PeoplesVote  
The  Labour MP Peter Shore along with Tony Benn and Barbara Castle realised the dangers of giving up British sovereignty in 1975. Their courage & vision is what we must remember and honour today. Their messages just as powerful and relevant today. #Brexit  
Claims of post-Brexit border chaos are just intended to frighten MPs, says @bernardjenkin 
Why do Remainers insist that Britain needs a deal with the EU or else? The EU is falling apart, kept afloat by an illegal injection of tens of billions into its markets by the ECB, and its economy is mismanaged and benefits only Germany. Walking away is a great option. #Brexit 
I get to give a lot of 1:1 tech career advice to folks and it’s always interesting to see trends. This week seems to be the ‘looking to leave the U.K. before Brexit really hits’ week.  
'Brexit would win AGAIN!' - Top Labour politician ATTACKS calls for second EU referendum  
Did you hear when Tony Blair wouldn't rule out a THIRD referendum?  Some campaigners want to make you vote again and again until they get the answer they want.  
A no-deal Brexit isn’t a hard Brexit. It’s a chaos Brexit.No deal means crashing out without any withdrawal agreement. It means no WTO agreement, no transition period, no trade agreements with anyone, no agreements on anything (food safety, medicine, energy, customs). 
You can take your heartbreak in the World Cup Semis and your Brexit negotiations but the death of Barry Chuckle is the low point of 2018 
EXCLUSIVE: Leader of Britain's newest political party (pro-#Brexit) gives his 1st interview to Brexit Facts4EU. Read:  
Morten Morland on Emmanuel Macron not allowing Theresa May to bypass Brussels over Brexit- Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
The Observer calls for a significant delay to #brexit, to allow more time to think and refresh. But we know by now that our politicians can’t come up with an answer in any amount of time. We need a #peoplesvote on the way forward. #fbpe 
With each new day, the Brexit Mafia show their true colours. We knew they wanted No Deal from the start, and we knew they'd blame the EU. Nobody voted to crash out.They lied to everyone.BBC News - Liam Fox: No deal most likely Brexit outcome for UK  
The dangerous idiot who once assured us Brexit would be the easiest deal ever. Sheesh!  
'Leave ran a campaign that was so bent they probably discussed whether they could pay for their dubious and disgusting Facebook ads with £9 notes.' 
This is the worst of Cameron. No serious attempt to grapple with long term causes of referendum result and his own mistakes. Idea that it was just a Westminster parlour/social game and if only Gove hadn’t “betrayed” him it’d all have been different is absurd.  
#BREXIT CAN BE DECLARED VOID: The allegations of overspending and corruption surrounding #VoteLeave’s campaign are a good enough reason to declare the #EUReferendum void, argues constitutional law expert, Dr Ewan McGaughey (@ewanmcg). Link to article:  
Exclusive: Prime Minister has told ⁦@annajhenderson⁩ he hasn’t budged on his position - won’t support a Voice to Parliament going to a referendum. He’s been accused of 'humiliating' Aboriginal leaders.   
Liam Fox thinks that a no-deal Brexit is the most likely outcome as he blames the EU of being 'obsessed with rules'.Don’t be fooled by his deflection tactics. A no-deal Brexit isn’t the fault of the EU. It’s the fault of our incompetent government. 
Liam Fox has now stated that a Brexit 'No deal' is highly likely with odds of 60%-40%. It's amazing that after 2 years of negotiations, it may come to this. They already KNOW it's going to be a no deal but are shitting themselves at having to tell us. Independence is NOW! 
Who will Liam Fox blame next for the failure of Brexit Negotiations? 
Just told Sky TV that accepting the full international definition of anti-semitism is ‘supreme test of leadership’ for Jeremy Corbyn. Britain desperately needs an Opposition: he needs to resolve this issue this week, then we can start stopping Brexit 
Brexit options:Brexit happensLeft behind are left further behind. UnrestWestminster stops BrexitSeen as establishment overruling the people. UnrestPeople vote to stop BrexitNothing changes. UnrestPeople vote to stop Brexit & use same energy to fix things 
Liam Fox: No deal most likely Brexit outcome for UK  
What if a court interprets the applicable law differently from the Court of Justice of the EU? The answer is: customs offers don’t have to read every law and judgment. For them, the moment of Brexit the UK is a third country. That’s what we wanted. That’s what we get. 
All respected economists agree that Brexit will be massively damaging to the UK economy, that damage will put essential services at risk: NHS, Police, Armed Forces, Fire/Police/Ambulance Service... & leave EVERYONE much poorer. Still think it's a good idea? #StopBrexit 
‘We are heading for NO-DEAL Brexit’ - Liam Fox LASHES OUT at EU’s ‘intransigence’ . Just as we all predicted the Brexiteers want a no deal and will blame the EU. Have you ever encountered such dishonesty? Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Fox says no deal Brexit now more likely than agreement with BrusselsBarnier is a total block-head!  
A no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear... unless you're one of 5 million EU/UK citizens (ie  people) in each others' countries who lose ALL rights overnight. That's goodbye health, residency and working rights. Try it one day before writing trite tweets like this @FraserNelson 
It is not astonishing ( given his political track record) but it is deeply worrying that he understands so little about the #EU ....Liam Fox: No deal most likely Brexit outcome for UK - BBC News  
Errrrrr yeah. Why do you think we've opposed #Brexit so vehement for 2 years?! #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Cameron confirms what is obvious to most observers. It’s a shame that Cameron does not reveal the whole truth behind Brexit and support the People’s Vote. He got us into this mess.Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
In July 2017 @LiamFox said a Brexit trade deal with the EU with be the 'easiest in history'.In August 2018 @LiamFox says no deal brexit 'odds on'.Did you vote leave in good faith based on a positive future. Well Liam seems to have realised that's unlikely. Rethink! #StopBrexit 
The new Star Trek TV show will feature Will Riker helping Picard bring back his struggling Chateau Picard business after Brexit. #PatrickStewart #picard #StarTrekTNG #CaptainPicard 
"This hopeless Tory government could fall in the autumn over Brexit so it’s time Corbyn, Labour and Jewish campaigners came together and agreed on a way forward" 
.@LiamFox says EU is more rattled by fading chances of Brexit deal than UK since UK economy will thrive as global britain reaches out once again. @thetimes @cazjwheeler 
It's ok when your 5-your-old says "it's just not fair" but when, after 2 years,  it's International Trade Secretary Liam Fox blaming "intransigence" from the EU for pushing Britain towards a no-deal Brexit IT'S NOT OK.#Brexitchaos #StopBrexit 
Only 10% think Govt doing good job on #Brexit.A majority say Brexit will be bad for UK.People want a 3-way #PeoplesVote by 50% to 40% margin.In that case, “Stay in EU” would win by 48% v 13% v 27%...then on 2nd prefs:59% (stay in)41% (crash-out) 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
It is time for a #PeoplesVote - the UK can't be steamrollered into a catastrophic Brexit by 'here today and gone tomorrow' politicians, whose main objective is to feather their own nests. We need to #StopBrexit so we can get on with helping to make the world a better place... 
Here is Raj, he voted leave as was persuaded by those advocating #brexit that it offered a great global future with new trade deals with the world whilst keeping EU links,. He's now realised that is false and is another #RemainerNow Fantastic @RajRuia, let's get a #PeoplesVote 
Fake news isn't funny any more. Donald Trump isn't funny anymore. Tommy Robinson (not his real name) isn't funny anymore. Jacob Rees Mogg and the whole crooked shower of shits who peddle Brexit lies for their own gain aren't funny anymore. It's just not funny anymore. 
The Observer view on why Theresa May must stop the Brexit clock | Observer editorial  
Though apparently those without negotiation experience (journalists, most Brexit commentators) should refrain from comment.  
If Liam Fox’s trade deals were ‘the easiest in history,’ how come he now thinks we are probably leaving with no deal? Might he just possibly have been telling another Brexit lie? 
On way to Sky TV for interview on what needs to happen to Labour. Simple: acept full international definition of anti-semitism & fight Brexit full-on! 
Politicians claiming no deal is an option are lying to the public and business. No deal would be a catastrophe and they know it.Time for May, Fox, Raab et al to shut up and either sort out a proper deal or exit from #Brexit. Those are the only options. 
There is no Brexit compromise.You either rip us out of every strand of our relationship with our biggest/closest/cheapest trade partner, sending people's lives into chaos and further hardship,orWe maintain the benefits of working together, but we simply lose our say. 
When buying a car, the maxim “no deal is better than a bad deal” makes perfect sense. The trouble is Brexit is nothing like buying a car    
May said "keep your eye on the prize" well you got your prize a massive fucked up Brexit Britain with no idea how to save yourselves from the shitstorm clusterfuck you created and voted for-now fucking own it own up to it suck it up its yours now fucking deal with it BRECTUMS 
There is another word for “no-deal” #brexit- brexit(ie. what people voted for)  
Well well. So in 2011-2012 Jacob Rees Mogg, John Redwood *and* David Davis argued for a ‘double referendum’ - the first to ascertain whether we should negotiate a new relationship with the EU, the second on the terms of the new arrangement.   
NEW: LEWIS CENTER, Ohio (AP) — Embracing his breakneck return to campaign politics, President Donald Trump on Saturday argued that Republicans needed to control Congress by casting the midterms as a referendum on himself.  
Have a great Sunday everyone going to be a SCORCHER . Let’s have a day without Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing. Get out early on your bike, or if you go for a walk. Stop bloody complaining it’s to hot. Open windows, open door, put your fan on. Or listen to some.   
In Ohio rally, Trump casts midterm elections as a personal referendum: "Why would there be a blue wave? I think it could be a red wave"  
The good: Germany is better prepared for No Deal than UK isThe (very) bad: that they’re even planning to do this is scary #brexit  
Casts midterm elections as a personal referendum...  
Brexit is the new climate change denial. 8/8 
It’s more plausible that companies and industry associations would simply lie about the dangers they face out of ideological loyalty to the EU, rather than as a result of in-depth studies, analysis and advise as to Brexit’s consequences 4/ 
No deal Brexit is now more likely than agreement with Brussels, Liam Fox warns  
What sort of politician (supposedly a representative of the people) puts over half the population in a permanent state of fear & anxiety? A @Conservatives or @UKLabour MP, that's who.You all know that Brexit will lose jobs & livelihoods, but you push on with it. #ShameOnYou 
Paul O’Grady says he’s so disgusted at how Brexit could damage our NHS that if he got into a lift with former Ukip leader Nigel Farage he’d “rip him to shreds”.  
Liam Fox: EU pushing Britain towards no-deal Brexit  
It‘s now a 60% CHANCE that UK will crash out of EU with NO DEAL after #Brexit ... says UK Trade Minister Liam Fox (who described EU Trade Deal as being ‘one of the easiest in human history’)Failure at first hurdle/Trade deal doesn’t bode well for future deals#DissolvetheUnion 
BREXIT: Paul O’Grady so disgusted at Brexit risk to NHS he'd rip Nigel Farage to shreds / #Brexit #PeoplesVote #NHS  
The absolute nonsense spouted by Christina on #SkyPapers tonight was astounding.The #Brexit fearmongering trotted out, one lie after another, many already publicly debunked.Her disdain for Leave voters is shocking too.A 'paper review'? I think not. 
Brexit is set to betray working people.It will be workers, not Brextremist MPs, who will shoulder the huge cost of Brexit.So now the head of one of the biggest trade unions is backing a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
We’re running out of nurses and midwives - and it’s the direct result of Brexit. We need a People’s Vote led by ⁦@UKLabour⁩ - the party of the NHS #NHS70 #PeoplesVote 
A 4% difference between leave and remain voters in what was an advisory referendum cannot be allowed to shape the futures of millions of people in the UK. This is not democracy and the anger and actions of remain voters will escalate as the reality of Brexit bites. pic.twitter.com/hWwAUjHbUF 
Oh ho ho hoooohh....the evangelical Brexit nutters are gonna LOOOOVE this one! "German company to do the job that successive shit UK Tory & Labour governments should've done......"!!  
Everything you think you know about the people who voted to leave the EU is snobbish, condescending, and wrong. Here's an accurate picture. It explains why Brexit was not a momentary spasm but a clear conviction rooted in people's dislike of living in an undemocratic polity.  
New study revealed using World Trade Organisation rules instead of striking a deal with the European Union will turn Britain into an economic powerhouse – Brexit REVEALED: What Britain must negotiate to enjoy '£80bn' Brexit victory - Express  
Ok, I'll make a deal...If Brexit leads us to a land of milk and honey, I'll be the 1st to apologise and say I was wrong because it would be better than the carnage I envisage is coming oor way 
Jonathan Portes:"the fall in the pound following the original Brexit vote is estimated to have already cost the average household about £400-a-year.""Politicians who tell you that no deal is no problem, should be ignored. They’re either fooling themselves or trying to fool you" 
It's my people who voted for Brexit. To call them racist is wrong and divisive' | via @telegraph 
David Cameron has called Gove ‘mad’ and had no idea his friend would betray him over Brexit. Presumably Cameron had no idea about anything very much when he pledged to hold a referendum.But since then Gove has betrayed Boris and Brexit. Betrayal has become a habit with him. Pity. 
I'd expected this new pro-BREXIT party to be racking up 1000 followers a day.Their page  shows plans - fisheries, farming, education, Brexit + very many more.@TimePartyUK is headed by @RedHotSquirrel (Robert Kimbell). He wants BREXIT *delivered*.As do we.  
I had a dream.Our PM, summoning leadership from somewhere, addressed the nation. The referendum, she said, was compromised by criminal activity and foreign interference. She produced evidence.It did not represent the will of the people.1/ 
OK. time to be blunt. VERY blunt. If you support Brexit now, knowing all that we now know, you're either:1. Dangerously misinformed and need to get up to speed fast2. A criminal fascist intent on tearing the EU and UK apart and causing a world war3. Brain deadIt's that simple 
The Bank of England’s swift action,although at a great cost to the taxpayer,is all that saved the economy from crashing after the referendum. You should be down in your knees thanking Carney,not praising this elitist,disaster capitalist who is played you for fools.  
My UK supplied travel insurance won't be valid if we brexit as it is all based on EU agreements, nor will my ehic card cover me in the same way. Many leave voters are older. Add 2+2 .... 
It's not a very cultural response but #Brexit really is gripping my shit. There really isn't a solitary fucking benefit to come out of Brexit is there? Don't fucking quote your pathetic respect the will of the people neither, it won't wash. Brexit is a fucking dumb thing to do.  
It is both ironic and tragic that 2 supposedly “conservative” parties—one in the US and the other in the UK—are responsible for radical, reckless initiatives (Iraq war, Brexit, Trumpism) that did and are doing great harm to each country. 
You couldn't make it up but they are. Useless Fox blames Brussels intransigence for looming no deal crisis...... 
Straightforward request from a sympathetic outsider to @UKLabour:Could you please cut your internal cr*p and devote your attention to the fact that the country is being destroyed by Brexit.You should be opposing it with all your might. You’ll have time for the rest later. 
Top-notch testiness from "indignant of St Albans" on the topic of the promises of Brexit @StAlbansMP @NotAnneMainMP 
Tories in civil war Labour in civil war UK going down the #Brexit tubes. Scotland time to go! 
UK trade minister Fox says EU is pushing Britain to no-deal Brexit  
Instead of Labour blaming Tories and Tories blaming Labour, doesn’t it make sense for both sides to blame the colonial US companies taking over the NHS and stealing everything they can get their hands on during this #Brexit political deadlock?  
The reason fascists should at times be denied free speech is because were they to come to power free speech would be brutally extinguished. Our relationship with fascists is always one of war, whether bloody or bloodless, and never of dialogue and debate. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
PS: Brexiters who decide(d) to mock this thread: how dare you mock this, mock a child. Children understand more than many of us realise and of course my nephew knows about Brexit: why wouldn’t he given his aunt is caught right up in it ... How low do you want to sink still?! 
David Blunkett; “It's my people who voted for Brexit. To call them racist is wrong and divisive” 
8. There is therefore no simple scenario of "rejoining the EU if Brexit all goes wrong". It will in all probability take 10-15 years to rejoin.9. Let's stop this madness and hold a #PeoplesVote now! 
Brexit zealot 0, @faisalislam 1 (H/t @IsolatedBrit) 
"We can't cancel Brexit because it is a manifesto commitment and the "will of the people" voted for it it two general elections.A bit like the Poll Tax then that was binned after three years and nobody complained about that.#PeoplesVote 
David Blunkett writes for Sunday Telegraph:- Leave would win a 2nd referendum- To call Leave voters racist is an insult- Critical domestic issues are being forgotten - Let's take "spirit of the past" evoked by Brexit & turn it into "something...  
Opinion: A second referendum should offer Northern Ireland a choice of unions  
So, Scottish Twitter. Brexit and the Scottish Independence issue rumble on. Which configuration would you prefer?Please vote and RT. 
.@thomasbrake: "the fact Liam Fox now sees a no deal Brexit as likely is testament to Theresa May's failure to protect British interests.After two years the fact that her team - including Liam Fox - have delivered nothing more than senseless soundbites is damning." pic.twitter.com/1Vk5BovDGZ 
Quite shocking that the Diplomatic Editor of a national sunday newspaper could genuinely believe that the only consequence of a No Deal Brexit is that UK would "have no special trade deal with Europe."See following exchange as well.  
Banks told to stockpile cash and prepare for a recession in case of a hard Brexit  
Can all these Blairites “thinking about”, “on the point of” leaving @UKLabour over #Brexit #Corbyn #UncleTomCobleyAndAll but who energetically supported the slaughter of the Iraq War without a scintilla of “shame” just fuck-off already? 
Ever wonder if the whole "changing sides at the last minute" thing during the referendum campaign was a choreographed lie?Wonder no more...  
SUNDAY TIMES: No deal Brexit is odds on says trade secretary #tomorrowspaperstoday 
French media warn PM trying to sideline Barnier in Brexit negotiationsEmbarrassing, making UK look weak, demeaning, just Leave No Deal!  
Hi. This morning I rage tweeted a thread about Brexit and the WTO, and it got kind of out of hand. I stand by the substance, but the tone was over the line. Being rude and confronting may be entertaining, but it's not right and I'll try to do better going forward. 
Over 2 years, Steve.Where’s the plan?  Where is the plan, Steve?There isn’t one!People were promised sunlit uplands.It was all lies.Brexit is a giant con.If it was a product we’d return it as faulty.Brexit is fraud.#StopBrexit 
Well said. I waited 30+ years to vote Leave. My family all voted Leave, are educated to PhD & MD levels. Sovereignty is priceless; it has been given away for 40 years by MPs without any permission from the people. MPs are in office to serve @sheryllmurray 
MUST READ: Manuel Cortes of @TSSAunion warns that the working class will be forced to foot the bill for the government's hard Brexit agenda.Brexit will hit the poorest hardest, while those leading it benefit at their expense. Get the word out. Please RT 
Claims of post-Brexit border chaos are intended to frighten MPs into keeping the UK tied to the EU:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Jesus - the sentimentality of this childish cult. He’s not a puppy. He’s the Brexit-enabling dufus who couldn’t beat the worst PM in living memory after 7 years of cuts. He’s managed to make Labour a safe space for conspiracists and antisemites. Cheeky twinkle my fucking arse. pic.twitter.com/uxuEeamNvr 
Try to keep a lid on my contempt for Brexit, but at times it just boils over and all l want is a massive fight in a car park with all manner of weapons, like the one in Anchorman. 
Most MPs can now see that #Brexit is a total con. They need to show they have the canines to stand up to this sorry excuse for a government and demand a #PeoplesVote on whatever any deal - or none is! 
How could an MP be so ignorant? There are a number of options for the UK's relationship with the EU after Brexit. It's better to describe them precisely, but the term "soft Brexit" is at least a rough approximation of one of them.  
The problem is Mark Carney has been wrong every time.The reality of Brexit is that it will end the gravy train for MEPs.  
This could be the pessimist in me but is all this talk of the EU being unhappy with @theresa_may ‘s chequers deal just a performance so that they can ‘reluctantly’ accept it and give the illusion that the UK got a win.While in reality the plan was designed for EU ? #brexit  
"The Brexit collateral damage could be horrendous. The politicians who want this will be long gone, but our kids will be living with the consequences for 30 or 40 years."We've visited both sides of the Irish border and the mood is very, very gloomy  
In the past week four friends have left Labour. One a member for 35 years who campaigned against ratecapping in the 80s, one a Corbyn supporter who opposed the HDV, one who voted Corbyn in 2015, one in her 50s who’s voted Labour all her life. Reasons: Brexit, antisemitism. 
1. I know this is a total waste of breath because Tory tribalists are impervious to details and facts, but I suppose I have to go through the motions anyway. So about those #Brexit tweets from Sir Christopher Meyer regarding the WTO option... 
What is the issue with a second referendum? Two years ago voters supported Leave. Now we know more - but if  Leave is still the right decision, then voters will support Leave again, surely? How the actual fuck is this undemocratic or contrary to the will of the people? 
Stewart Lee called Brexit voters “racists” and “c*nts”.Haven’t seen British comedy this edgy since Mr. Bean.  
Idiot brexit MP attacks @faisalislam (who is the Political Editor for Sky News) for being a "liberal elite at the @BBC". Tedious but typical Brexiter sloppiness, laziness and disregard for any facts, however easy and simple to check. 
If we manage to bury Brexit, I will be insanely proud of my country.  
“May’s Chequers proposal is not Brexit. It’s not what people voted for. A lot of the scaremongering is an effort by her and Remainers to force us to accept something less than we voted for. That is undemocratic” @spikedonline#BrexitNowOrNever 
EU citizens who have lived in UK for years but are moving because of Brexit are not GOING home, but are LEAVING home! #BrexitMisery 
Leading Tory Brexiteers told to explain speeches showing they supported second referendum on final EU deal #FinalSay  
Lord North, the man who lost the American colonies: EtonAnthony Eden: Suez debacle: Eton David Cameron: Brexit: Eton 
See if you think that the falling pound post Brexit will be great for the tourism industry...here's a wee thought......what the feck are we going to feed them if our own food is rationed? 
I had an interesting chat with the owner of an Irish haulage company earlier today. It would appear he’s already planning to reroute via Belgium, instead of England, due to Brexit. 
This sums up where we are. MPs invoking blitz spirit. We should not be looking to recreate the war. Or be sat here having politicians tell us to be positive. Either #Brexit works or it doesn’t. #PeoplesVote gives us all a say on the deal. This tweet is irresponsible from an MP 
Why do people automatically assume that a new centrist party would necessarily have to be pro-EU? There's nothing especially centrist about handing over powers to a federalising entity bent on the dissolution of nation states. #Brexit 
Fake Brexit backed up by Project Fear. The same formula Cameron used before & failed to fool the people of this country.  
Some MP's are actively supporting a 'No Deal' Brexit outcome.Such an outcome devastates the country. It means widespread poverty, it devastates jobs and living standards. It fuels a level of discontent and division we've never seen.They're unfit to represent.#PeoplesVote 
#Brexiteers are in meltdown ...#Brexit is a mess...and I really wish that #Labour could take advantage of all this. ...#IHaveADreampic-@IsolatedBrit 
'As an avid consumer of the @BBC's news products across all its platforms it’s difficult to escape the creeping feeling of dismay that far-right politics and talking points are show-cased by the broadcaster.'By @KirstyStricklan 
The elites want to keep us in a constant state of fear. They are trying to feed us the same diet of lies and deceit that we rejected during the referendum. Eurosceptic Labour legend Tony Benn knew this as well  
As Stewart Lee’s clip about Brexit voters is doing the rounds thought I’d give this a nudge.  
When the government are preparing for MASS rioting on a 'no deal' Brexit, but using the excuse of avoiding much smaller scale pissed-off Brexiter rioting as a reason to go ahead with NO DEAL, it's abundantly clear who Brexit is for. Clue - it ain't us... 
Completely ignores the elephant in the room, the world knows the marginal Brexit victory was achieved illegally and so, as with any result so achieved, it's unsafe. Today's politicians on all sides are failing the the nation by cowardice and placing their heads in the sand.  
.@faisalislam's painstaking and at times forensic examination and analysis of Brexit is superb. Unfortunately, the reality Dan campaigned for is unrelentingly negative. That he thinks Faisal's portrayal of it is biased shows only that he doesn't understand that reality.  
Come along to our free event on 9 August at 7pm.- Hear why Independence is good for Scottish Business and Scottish Society.- Discuss the way forward for Scotland during chaotic #Brexit negotiations- Help build a majority for Independence#Scotref #Indyref2 #NorthBerwick #YES 
Is it possible that no Labour Remain MP knows quite how fervently they would be supported by Remainers if they all split from Labour and stood on a straight End Brexit platform?Forget Momentum, it would be a TIDAL wave of activists prepared to do anything. 
It's amazing that people still come out with this kind of guff, even in the face of Brexit. Imagine being this glakit.  
Brexit REVEALED: What Britain must negotiate to enjoy '£80bn' Brexit victory  
If you're absolutely fed up of smears, & media not holding Tory Gov to account, join Labour and help us do it. If you're worried about a Tory hard Brexit, whether you voted Remain or Leave, join Labour & help us stop the Tories carry it out  #WeAreCorbyn 
Thank you so much @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for supporting a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal (back in 2011). We really appreciate you putting the country first!  
With just 75 days to go until crucial Brexit summit Govt must do more to avoid a catastrophic no deal Brexit. My column in today’s @Yorkshirepost 
Britain was the only G-7 country to see growth slow in 2017  
After a period of avoiding Pete North because of some of the silly things he said, we feel we must draw your attention to this important & well-argued thread about the outrageous & cynical lies of the Brexiters. Decent Conservatives particularly, please take note. #Brexit  
Chris Riddell on Theresa May drinking in the last chance ‘salon’. The prime minister shares a glass of the Brexit stuff with Emmanuel Macron - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
But you're not independent, Matt. You signed a manifesto in support of "seizing the historic opportunity Brexit offers for... renewing our economy". Pointing that out is not an insult. It's the truth. 
Your daily reminder that if Brexit goes ahead, then EU regional, social, farming and fishing funding will end on 29th March 2019 ... regardless of if we get a transition or not. From that date on, farmers, fishermen, regions and the poor face a cliff edge Brexit no matter what. 
We had a great response campaigning for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal today at @PrideBrighton with our friends in @euromove and @peoplesvote_uk.An great reception at what was an amazing and diverse event.We particularly liked the placard in photo 2, carried by @BHGreens. 
We would like to deny in the most categorical terms that all police leave is cancelled for 2 months after ‘Brexit day’ - to contain the hordes of mobility scooters expected to descend on Parliament after we call the whole thing off at the last minute.We really would. 
Why a no-deal #Brexit  is nothing to fear. I ask constituents to take a moment over weekend to read this excellent article. @BBCShropshire ⁦@ShropshireStar⁩ 
Labour Conference must include a full debate on Brexit with members democratically deciding the policy of our Party.RT if you agree 
Brexit is not the core problem here. We’re 40k nurses short primarily because their kindness & goodwill have been ruthlessly exploited by this govt for so long.Brexit is exacerbating the dangers of an NHS workforce already at breaking point.  
A warning: I am currently sitting on an @FlyANA_official plane about to take off for Tokyo. Expect the next two weeks to be wall to wall tonkatsu, yakitori, ramen with occasional flustered mentions of the heat. It will make a lovely August break from Brexit wankery. 
Theresa May needs a worked up, Brexit back up plan. She can’t afford to be drawn into a negotiation where she keeps having to make unilateral concessions   
A divided United Kingdom is a weaker United Kingdom.Brexit has set our people against each other.Brexit has set our nations against each other.(and, if Brexit happens, then due to age demographics, by 2021...)Brexit will set our politicians against our people. 
How true. It won't be the working classes that suffer after #Brexit. They are used to eating gruel and beef dripping. It will be the middle classes that can't afford a cheap cleaner, have to slightly more for luxury produce, and can no longer employ people on the minimum wage.  
There is no such thing as soft Brexit. We have to leave deal or no deal and I believe in our nation's ability to face whatever the challenges that lie ahead and succeed. What we need it positive leadership from people who believe in our country sadly that doesn't appear to be You 
Interesting take on Brexit from historian @harari_yuval in @thetimes today... 
On the beach with the deputy Mayor of Nice for the #PulseofEurope picnic tonight.  Talking about Youth Engagement initiatives for the EU elections next spring #ApathyKills #WeAreEurope he reckons I should stand as an MP when we have stopped #Brexit   
.The reality of hard Brexit will be very different from all the false promises & those who facilitated the chaos will never be forgiven. 
.@patel4witham: 'It’s time to be brave and choose the open sea once again'  #Brexit  
You can help us achieve that, Sarah. By the way, did you know that all MPs who still support "brexit" after the findings of electoral crime in 2016 are now in direct breach of the MP's Code of Conduct ? 
Plans to ask police chiefs to cancel officers’ leave in the two months after Brexit have been discussed in Whitehall as the government readies itself for the worst case scenario of social unrest caused by a No Deal.  
Tom Harris has resigned from Labour. He told me during the 2016 referendum, after I explained why our security was going to be weaker, that it was "Just a referendum". So, I guess he'll be OK having just another referendum.  
This parrot is so dead it is hard to ascertain if it was ever even born.How one paragraph in a Barnier op-ed has finally decapitated the government’s Brexit plan, and the government  
Most people would be relieved to wake up & find #Brexit was just a bad dream, rather than  the nightmare that is tearing us apart 
That would be the Brexit-supporting, Telegraph-writing, Taxpayers Alliance-endorsing former MP Tom Harris? With ‘allies’ like these, we’re better off with opponents  
Scary graphic on the 5 year effect on U.K. GDP from a no-deal Brexit in ⁦@TheEconomist⁩ this week. It concludes that “no deal is not a serious option, even if today’s febrile politics pretends it is”. 
Stunned! @bbcr4 Any Questions hits rock bottom with FOUR #Brexit panellists. I am stopping my subscription of £125 per year tomorrow #StopSubbingBBC - and I was a Patron of the BBC World Service Trust @SkyNews is much more balanced 
Imagine for a moment that Leave won a #PeoplesVote.What a fabulous mandate for #Brexit that would be. Would shut Remainers up forever.Let’s go for it.#PeoplesVote 
..and it took the #Beeb just 20 seconds from starting the piece on Mark Carney's #Brexit warning to broadcast the words "Project Fear". It's not just the IDS false equivalence that's the problem, it's BBC's knee-jerk pro-Brexiting that reveals licence fee blackmailing by the Govt  
Damn. I've got a serious case of butter fingers today. I can't believe I have retweeted this video of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg advocating a second referendum. Would *hate* it if this video was seen by his cult. #FinalSay  #PeoplesVote  
The most frightening and demoralising aspect of current debate on #Brexit is that there are people in this country who appear to have greater loyalty some liars and cheats than to looking after the best interests of country and citizens.I find that incomprehensible and disturbing  
Can we pls stop pissing around. As a policy, Brexit is utterly discredited. The referendum, flawed at the outset by the forcible exclusion of millions of voters, was invalidated by lies, cheating and foreign intervention. On top of all that, the public no longer wants to leave. 
If @realDonaldTrump has done nothing wrong he'd dare to meet up with Bob MuellerIf the Brexit vote was legitimate and could be replicated then Brexshitters would agree to a final vote by the people. The refusal to do these things demonstrates a lack of legitimacy for both 
Brexit Cluedo. Kate Hoey. In a world of her own.  With the Spectator.  
And look whose side they're trying to help. Will @AndrewScheer denounce this undemocratic, unpatriotic activity? Considering it's his side they are propping up? What did he go to talk to the Brexit people about in the UK? Is this part of the strategy? #ScheerDeception #cdnpoli 
Many strongly believe the prevailing mood of the British people on the EU is sound. We don't believe it’s paradise, but a Brexit departure on 29 March 2019 presents a clear and present danger to Britain. Time for the people to vote based on the true facts.  
*thinking to self while cooking dinner*Better make the most of this asparagus - we won't have any after brexit!...Oh wait it's from Peru...Well, these sugarsnap peas definitely won't...Oh they're from ZimbabweIt's almost as if Project Fear are telling lies  
A second referendum? I think I’d prefer a civil war. Let’s try that first. It’s coming anyway when people lose faith in democracy, which is the only thing a second referendum will achieve.  
The Times, in its editorial, calls for a serious UK investigation into Russian meddling in Brexit, to match the Mueller investigation in the USThis issue crosses political lines nowIts those who care about democracy vs those who don't  
The chief of the defence staff, General Sir Nick Carter, says there has been no official request to put troops on standby in the event of a no-deal Brexit. One can only guess where these claims come from: the civil service; the Remain camp; 10 Downing St.? 
The folly #TheresaMay’s barmy #brexit plan, badly damaging our economy (via @InFactsOrg) 
There was a Scottish independence movement long before there was a European Union far less Brexit. My commitment to the cause of independence is entirely unaffected by Brexit. It has always been total. #DissolveTheUnion 
I believe "no-deal" Brexit will never happen, is merely a negotiating tool & will never get through parliament, but how about you?Please RT for wider sample. @BremainInSpain 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
"Given everything that has happened to you over the past two years Darren, would you do it again?"In a heartbeat.Since the Brexit vote, we've learned that taking back control is more than a slogan - if 17.4 million brave votes don't count, what does?  
At least Scotland has a chance! Carneys message is clear! Brexit is bad but at least Scotland can avoid it by voting for indyref2! Any remainers wanting to stay in Eu come to Scotland and vote yes! Help make it a progressive nation  
Chris here voted leave to help fund the NHS and on the understanding Brexit would not mean leaving the Single Market and Customs Union.Now he has seen #brexitreality he is a passionate #remainernow.Respect @ChrisOram1990 thanks for speaking out. So many like you.#PeoplesVote 
WTO rules violations are handled by an international tribunal which the politicised ECJ cannot overrule.Unlike Chequers, only trade via supra-EU international treaties like WTO can protect Britain from the integrationist ravages of the EU court?Only #WTOBrexit means Brexit?  
If you're sick and tired from arguing about Brexit, just look at how Alison Moyet handles it  
Nation shares a laugh after remembering what Boris Johnson looks like #Brexit #UK 
The worst deal will be one that doesn’t even address the grievances that led to #Brexit in the first place – bang on analysis from Professor @GoodwinMJ and the always brilliant @patel4witham 
So @Anna_Soubry lied to her constituents, she never supported the referendum result, Brexit or Theresa May.  Surely she should put herself forward for a people’s vote in her own constituency before trying to overrule the largest democratic mandate in the history of this country.  
This is really weird. I wonder if he really believes his “Brexit crushed populism”.Brexit is pure populism.  
Please let @Stone_SkyNews  know how you are affected by brexit....We are on day 772 #InLimbo Over two years of not knowing what's to come. We are tired, stressed, depressed, anxious....many are at breaking point. UK citizens in the EU27 are #InLimboToo 
The City’s resilience after Brexit could be bad news for the EU 
Yes we do need a public inquiry into Brexit, but a public inquiry takes too long.WeneedtoStopBrexit.Then have a public inquiry & an informed debate on the EU & desirable reforms for both the UK & the EU. If Brexit is such a shit-hot idea it can wait for a true mandate  
Interesting new model from ⁦@SZignago⁩ shows that ‘the EU Single Market has doubled trade in goods within Europe & has had 3 times as much impact on trade as traditional trade deals’. Also shows the potential impact of Brexit on these gains  
When all the people who voted for Brexit because they were sick of politicians lies, poor housing, unemployment and immigration see that Brexit doesn’t fix or change any of these things and start blaming politicians lies again I hope they remember which politicians told them 
—-WE NEED A PUBLIC INQUIRY IN TO BREXIT——Looking at the process after the referendum and interference and corruption running into the vote. 
I'm a person just in case you hadn't noticed Richard.Surrounded by people, working with people, laughing with people,crying with people,celebrating with people. What has the wealth I have built over the years got to do with it. I have less to lose than most from #Brexit. #cynical 
Willie Walsh, CEO of British Airways says he is confident that in the event of no deal on Brexit a comprehensive transport agreement will be signed with the EU. He dismissed talk of aircraft being grounded. 
Welcome @Telegraph 's support for #soundmoney but puzzled they blame that great public servant Dr Carney rather than Brexit for £ devaluation. 
Mark Carney's 'Doomsday' Brexit predictions blamed for fall in pound 
If Scotland said No and meant it, no unionist should fear another referendum. 
A great Brexit plot outline :-)  
So Yuval Noah Harari, the cleverest dude around, gets to the ultimate problem with Brexit in his ace @TimesMagazine interview with @DAaronovitch 
Brexshitter is a very accurate word for those who are STILL pushing absolute shit about the 'opportunities' of Brexit. You might not like it but I'm not apologising for using accurate and concise language. That is my job  
#MarkCarney is being blamed for a dip in the #pound which has raised the cost of #foreignholidays as a result of his statements on #Brexit. Well done #Governor! Not exactly what you get paid for though! Please go back to Canada ASAP! #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns 
Fears for NHS as apprenticeships fail to plug gaps left by Brexit brain drain  
Dozens of MPs lying that WTO is a viable option.A biased BBC colluding to rubbish the warnings of the Governor of the BoEA PM who doesn't care that a referendum was won by corruptionA govt that ignores it's own #Brexit warning papersWhat the F..c has happened to the UK? 
“The Good Friday Agreement is under attack by those who want a hard Brexit & a return of borders, the onus is on us all to defend it. Brexit is the greatest economic threat to the island of Ireland in a generation. Brexit and the GFA are not compatible.” @moneillsf #Féile30 
Exactly this.A person writes to express how they voted remain but the sheer arrogance and lack of respect of the #EU has driven them to leave.I have heard this story many times.#Brexit 
Been speaking with members after our great day campaigning in Gravesham. So much support for @GerardBattenMEP leadership - so much so we picked up 3 new members. Combating establishment and promoting freedom of speech really resonating in addition to Brexit. 
The establishment, big Business, MPs, EU & Remainers watered down the meaning of Brexit.I voted for & want the UK to be an independent Country.There is no such thing as soft or hard independence. Just plain independence. 
The Queen has been told that Brexit poses a risk to her finances, and is now down to a rather apt figure of £350 million:  
Research by former Harvard economist & entrepreneur Michael Burrage reveals countries with NO #EU trade deal & use WTO rules strongly outperform their rivals.Confirms #Brexit Britain will thrive with No Deal WTO trade.And we get to keep our £39 Billion! 
What is the best anti-#brexit t-shirt design ?... I'm making a start with this one !What is YOUR favourite ???#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy pic.twitter.com/PaiCrucJDB 
The Conservatives want to stop the Scottish Parliament from having control of its own affairs after Brexit.Sign the open letter to stop the power grab:#HandsOffHolyrood 
We may finally be seeing a Brexit breakthrough - EXPRESS COMMENT   
Thanks for backing our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on the Brexit deal, let’s keep the campaign rolling! Please… 1) Write 'I support the Final Say' on a piece of paper2) Take a picture 3) Post it on Twitter with a short note telling us why, with the hashtag #FinalSay 
"Propaganda works best when those who are being manipulated are confident they are acting on their own free will"Joseph Goebbels#Brexit #FBPE 
Ethiopia is an artificial country kept together through the barrel of the gun by the government of the day. It’s a nation that has never known freedom, democracy and the rule of law. Dictator and autocracy is their modus operandi of governance. Occupied SRS deserves a referendum. 
John Redwood: Beware!Withdrawal Agreement EU has in mind is a 1 sided grab of powers & money.Nothing on offer from #EU to justify paying them £39bn after we have left.Canada did not pay for their FTA, so why should we pay for something similar?#Brexit 
Would that be the same Boris Johnson who’s  “f**k business” outburst and non-existent “Brexit dividend” destroyed any claim to credibility the Tories had left?  
UK media, representing the interests of the corporate-class, having ushered in Tory governments, Austerity & Brexit are now trashing the alternative of Corbyn- while giving platforms & kind words to right-wing, white-supremacists & racists. They could not serve us less well. 
I literally have no idea what I'm gonna do when we've stopped Brexit 
If you could vote again on Brexit, what would be your first preference? 
Today’s moment of Brexit-free peace doubles up as a chance to gaze upon a cool, still, non-humid scene. Treat it like a mental ice lolly.  
I hate Brexit 25 hours a day. 
What connects Brexit, the DUP, dark money and a Saudi prince?  
On financial services & #Brexit, @ajcdeane highlights how Barnier & co backed down the moment UK threatened their access to London in the event of #NoDeal.Alex nails this, any 'deal' will be done at the last minute, as with all things EU.#Dateline 
Public turning against Brexit and believe it will be bad for the country  
M&S are really pushing this Brexit means Brexit thing innit  
Without Brexit we wouldn’t know:-MSM is fake news So called experts are biasedGovernment don’t represent usDemocracy is just a word for those in controlSelf-interest rulesTrust in Gov diminishedBritain takes political prisonersA nation lost to political correctness. 
13. These people are not conservatives. They are not interested in a successful Brexit outcome, they don't care what damage it does to our allies, particularly Ireland, and they don't care how many jobs it kills. They simply don;t care about your or yours. 
12. Not for nothing do the ultras have ties to US agricultural, banking and private health interests. They don't care about Brexit and they certainly don't care about democracy or sovereignty. They will sell the UK to the highest bidder. 
11. This is no longer a battle over Brexit. This is an attempt by the Tory right to hijack the referendum to push a warped version of free markets on an unsuspecting public, demolishing all of our trade defences and opening the floodgates to foreign commercial predators. 
Excellent analysis of the Brexit vote by ⁦@GoodwinMJ⁩. 
Mark Carney's long term economic forecasts were remarkably accurate. He is a true professional working tirelessly to mitigate the effects of the Brexit catastrophe. You however are a nasty lying hate stirring extremist nutter.  
#BREXIT = The #UNDEFINED being negotiated by the #UNPREPARED in order to get the #UNSPECIFIED for the #UNINFORMED. 
10 reasons why we'll keep fighting against Brexit.  
Does #LittleChalfont think that #brexit is going well? No, Little Chalfont does not! @Get_Bucks @buckscc @Get_Bucks @ChilternDC @CllrDavidMartin @CheshamCllrs @AandConline @eyeonamersham @amersham_media @CheshamAmersham @VisitChilterns @LittleChalfont_ @CllrDarby @CheshamCouncil 
The prize in Blankety Brexit?A Blankety Brexit Ration Book and Pen, of course!  
Only a police investigation with the power to seize documents could get to the bottom of any Kremlin plot to sway the EU referendum and ensure that future elections were protected from attack, Damian Collins said. 
We cannot - simply cannot - allow such corruption to mangle our democracy (e.g. by getting us to leave the EU because some crooks rigged the 2016 referendum vote to make it look as though leave 'won').  
Matthew Goodwin should read my book with Will Hutton which answers his central point about reacting to Brexit positively not negatively. But Matthew is very invested in UKIP as an academic project & I don’t regard him as impartial @GoodwinMJ 
#TheresaMay stated many times over: we will #TakeBackControl of our #laws and leave the jurisdiction of the #EuropeanCourtofJustice when we #leave the #EU. The deal she makes with the EU must honour this!  #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @DCBMEP #BREXIT 
In an age where 'the media' is being branded the enemy of the people by the far right, see below for a momentary glimpse at the horrific harassment and intimidation being experienced by the brave journalist who exposed #CambridgeAnalytica and brexit wrongdoing.  
We need to fight back against #Brexit in the UK because it’s a fascist takeover  
If Brexit wasn’t so cataclysmically destructive it would be hysterically funny.This, after being told that a no-deal legally requires planes to be grounded:  
It's too late for Corbyn now. He's left it too late to speak out against anti-Semitism. He's left it too late to change his mind on #Brexit. Just as the Lib Dems were tainted by coalition, he is now tainted by his inaction & ineptitude. Labour need a new leader. 
You may not be one, but I guarrantee that that every racist bigot who voted, voted for #Brexit #FBPE 
The #Brexit vote had nothing to do with right wing propaganda and everything to do with democratic sovereignty. It’s something that we have a long history of, fought numerous wars for & value very highly in the UKWe understand that you’re not overly bothered, that’s fine  
Ah dammit. I retweeted a climate science denying, Trump- and Brexit-supporting liberatarian.  You’d think I’d be better at Twitter by now. Sorry everybody. Let’s remember that the world is a better place than it’s ever been. And perhaps the best day of AFL in history?  
The Government’s current plans for Brexit would cause huge economic harm not only here in London, but across the country. Staying within the Single Market and the Customs Union is the only way to project jobs and growth in London and across the UK.  
B aselessR etrogradeE gregiousX enophobic I dioticT ragedySay it loud and say it proud.#Brexit#FBPE 
Brexiteers lash 'deeply irresponsible' Bank of England Governor for being the 'high priest of project fear' after he sinks the pound with warning about 'uncomfortably high' risk of no deal  #Brexit  
SENSE: Brexiters, please read and tell us what you disagree with in this article -People want a proper say on Brexit. Let them have it | Gina Miller  
Frightening is supporting a concept the government predicts will damage the economy under every scenario whilst ignoring the regulator when they find the winning organisations guilty of illegally obtaining their result whilst simultaneously finding the losing campaign innocent. 
True. But as he's the possessor of relevant knowledge, experience & facts about the subject it makes him kryptonite to the Brexit peddlers ......... & therefore to the BBC.#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
The far right see Brexit as a Trojan horse for their politics – and Tories have opened the door  via @leftfootfwd 
Thanks to @ObiWokKanobe for this. Seems to sum up #Brexit.#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
It's bloody crap reading this. What a crap country #Brexit is making us. How crappy is it that someone who has come to this country feels like they are being treated like crap? Enough of this crap, for Smita's @smitajamdar sake, #PeoplesVote. Stop the crap, stop #Brexit  
Brexit is on its way to the breakers yard. Tories spent 2 years trying to make sense of it & failed. It's over. Voters were sold a pack of lies that can't be delivered. We'll have another vote to clear up the mess & that'll be the end of it. #StopBrexit 
Not only is #PeoplesVote clearly a 2nd referendum, it is the Remain campaign with a new name. Nothing more, nothing less.  
One person who isn't falling for #ProjectFear 2.0 is broadcasting legend #JeremyPaxman. His old employers at @BBCNewsnight - suffering from extreme #Brexit #DerangementSyndrome - could learn a thing or two! #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @DCBMEP #AndreaJenkyns @BrexitStewart 
Please join us at the #PeoplesVote march in London on October 20, an excellent opportunity to let the @Conservatives know what you think about their dictatorial efforts to push #Brexit through at all costs - even if the "will of the people" has changed.  
I think what he (and I) are doing is reporting & analysing the consequences of the people’s decision. Your government is interpreting the people’s decision with a particular type of Brexit (which isn’t quite nailed down?). We’re just reporting what it might all look like, the +&- 
The Tories have now evened things up a bit by threatening everyone in the UK with the horror of a #nodealbrexit if the #EU does not give the Tories what they want. Everyone in the UK is now a bargaining chipWelcome to our world! #BrexitReality #leavers #remainers #brexit  
I could write a blog debunking the latest #Brexit rubbish from the Spectator but it wouldn't do any good. Tories are tribal creatures and will uncritically believe anything they are told if it comes from a sanctioned gatekeeper. That's what makes Tories dangerous. They're morons. 
‘Only a police investigation with the power to seize documents could get to the bottom of any Kremlin plot to sway the EU referendum and ensure that future elections were protected from attack’@DamianCollins⁩ said. #brexitrussia #stopbrexit ⁦ 
The Government must get off its knees, fight for Britain and unite the country behind Brexit 
It’s Saturday.We have wasted well over two years with this #Brexit lunacy. Let’s bury it and get on with repairing our country, restoring it to the splendid nation it used to be.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Got to ‘brexit legend’ and almost literally pissed myself laughing. Not going to spoil it by reading the rest.  
Brexit is 237 days away. #brexit 
That would be the no deal Brexit ruled out in the Labour manifesto  
I’m not sure any advocate of Brexit acquainted themselves with any of the details in any depth. Irish Border. Customs union. Air traffic control etc etc. And the thing it was meant to be good for, the NHS (350 mill), it is absolutely terirble for.  
Jihadi Jacob is compromised by his €200m investment into sanctioned bank Sberbank. The same bank that gave Banks £8m to undermine British democracy with Brexit. Traitors both. 
Before the referendum HM Treasury predicted that within 2 years of a Leave vote there would be 800000 extra unemployed, a GDP fall of 6% and ballooning deficit. All turned out to be total rubbish. Was anyone (apart from George Osborne)sacked for this? Of course not.  
I was in a pub last night and was listening to three blokes talking #Brexit the ignorance/racism/xenophobia/hatred was all on show as they demonised migrants and the EU for every problem in this once pleasant land, Jacob Rees-Mogg would be so proud of them #PeoplesVote 
One person who isn't falling for Project Fear 2.0 is broadcasting legend Jeremy Paxman. His old employers at @BBCNewsnight - suffering from extreme Brexit Derangement Syndrome - could learn a thing or two!Support us at  
#Brexit Mark Carney's 'Doomsday' Brexit predictions blamed for fall in pound  via @Telegraph. Nothing 'uncomfortable' about a no-deal & WTO rules. In fact, if we had a govmt with balls and any sense of national pride it should have happened 18 mths ago! 
Give it a rest about Brexit. Everyday your talking bollocks, trying to stop Brexit. We voted 17 million voted leave the EU. No ones listening to you, have you stopped them nuisance phone calls £5,000 fine. Have you seen that policeman yet. You on Mastermind best laugh ever.  
Funny how when a brexiteer puts up an economic or trade regulation argument for brexit and it's almost immediately shown up for  being erroneous, the said brexiteer rarely, if ever, comes back with a counter argument. They probably feel their propaganda work has been done, 
Despite much talk of stockpiling, the data reveal little evidence of firms preparing for a no-deal Brexit  
George Osborne's Treasury misused the full power of the British state to propagate serial lies about the impact of the Brexit vote:  
Carney’s clearly well past his sell-by date. We need a wholesale clear out at the BoE. They made a total horlicks of predicting things prior to the referendum and the same bunch are still there and screwing it all up again.    
Enough already. Brexit and those supporting it are the establishment! You control government and most of the media.  
“An extremely rich developed country is very close to deciding to voluntarily deprive itself of its food supply because 51.89 percent of voters in a referendum two years ago voted the wrong way.”  
What is this the head of the ERG back in 2011 calling for a double referendum on #brexit with the second once we know terms? So some kind of #PeoplesVote may work? Sure @jacob_rees_mogg would want this Retweeted widely as he is a 'democrat'.#RemainerNow #StopBrexit 
In 40 minutes at Willen Lake this morning, 49 people had a go at Brexitometer- 90% say Brexit going badly- of which 55% say disastrously!Almost 100% calling for #PeoplesVote on final Brexit dealLooks like people of MK have changed their will @iainastewart @MarkLancasterMK 
EM - You know Teresa that Brexit is merde, n’est-ce pas?TM - yes, yes je sais Mr Macron. But Brexit means Brexit.EM - Merde alors Teresa, it will destroy the UK.TM - yes, yes Mr Macron. But party first. pic.twitter.com/1yK3hTcOHv 
The US and UK are on the same terrifying political schedule, with the US Midterms and our own key Brexit Parliamentary vote both in the autumn. It's no exaggeration to say that our futures, maybe the future of the West, depend on the outcome of these votes.  
'No-deal' is a term used by remainiacs to alarm the population, no-deal is in fact a deal that ensures we Leave under World Trade Organisation terms, WTO is a deal in itself which the EU already operates under for all its trade outside the EU, as do we the UK.#WTO#Brexit 
yeh Brexit is bad and everything but have you heard about the  
Nationalism to Brexit to Trump - how we are distracting ourselves from the really important stuff. My @thetimes interview with Yuval Noah Harari -  (£) 
referendum was gerrymandered in Leave's favour by not having a plan 5m likely Remain voters couldn't vote.Russia funded it & they had thousands of bots spreading propaganda Leave criminally cheated stirred up race hate & they only got a 600k margin 
'No Deal Brexit could lead to ‘super-gonorrhoea’, Remainers now say. Their fearmongering is almost Biblical. Up next: plagues of locusts? Floods?', writes Brendan O'Neill 
10/Stop saying stupid things.Stop writing stupid articles.You can be concerned about the practicalities of Brexit without being a Remainer.The WTO won't save you. This stuff needs a fix.  
As a Latin scholar, I’m shocked that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg would say two referendums when calling for a measured and pragmatic approach to #brexit  Surely the correct term is referenda when using the plural.  Still, it’s good to know he’s firmly behind the call for a @peoplesvote_uk 
a) Government’s own models put the benefits of new free trade agreements as negligible relative to losses incurred from Brexit, especially a WTO Brexit as proposed here.b) Replacing existing EU free trade agreements is actually proving a little bit tricky  
Golden rule: anyone who points to trade facilitation agreement as a solution to Brexit either hasn’t read it or is banking on the fact that no one else will bother to read it. Largely exists to bring transparency & predictability to customs procedures of developing countries.  
If there were good, solid arguments for Britain to stay in the EU, wouldn’t Remainers be making that case instead of dreaming up increasingly laughable and easily debunked scare stories?  #Brexit 
We are fighting to stop #Brexit, but not for the status quo. We need to #Remain in the EU, but we need reform and renewal as well. The @Andrew_Adonis & @williamnhutton book makes the case brilliantly.  
Remainiacs like @Anna_Soubry and @ChukaUmunna are a threat to democracy. They have no respect whatsoever for a vote as they refuse to honour the vote taken. There should be no more talk of referenda until at the very least the first vote has been implemented.#Brexit 
When evidence suggested Russia meddled in the US election, they launched a full criminal inquiry. Similar evidence suggests the Kremlin interfered in the Brexit referendum - so where's our equivalent to the Mueller investigation?  
Why a no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear  
Perhaps the silliest article ever written on Brexit. Refers to the EU27 as "the enemy" and implicitly compares them to Nazi Germany.  
Another clip I would urge people not to retweet in which @johnredwood (the man who urged investors to withdraw from Britain after the referendum) denies calling for a second referendum- before being confronted by his own calls for a second referendum.  
Honestly, @BBCNews. No credible economist disagrees with Mark Carney that Brexit is already an expensive disaster.So you invite on a hard-right Brextremist MP to slag off the Bank of England governor for being Canadian.This isn’t balance. This is just spreading nonsense.  
‘Never flinch, never weary, never despair.’ Churchill on the quest for European peace in his last speech in the House of Commons. He would have said same about fight against Brexit, and for Britain’s place in Europe, today 
When you’ve a health minister saying could reduce length of time takes doctors to quality to deal w/post Brexit maybe it’s time to reappraise the initial policy  
Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over. Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over. Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over. Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over.Brexit is over. Brexit is over. 
"The referendum marked the first occasion in Britain’s history when the culturally liberal middle-class had lost. Until this point, the advocates of double liberalism—a globalized economy and a liberal immigration policy—had got all they had wanted."  
PICTURED: At last, a question we can all get behind… #Brexit  
Hey @campbellclaret I rejigged this old meme for you and brought it up to date. You can threaten us and try to continue to scare us but it will not work. There will be no second referendum. We voted to leave the #EU and we are leaving. #Brexit #ProjectFear 
Here's @Jacob_Rees_Mogg proposing a double referendum (1 on the principle, 1 on the terms of the agreement).The reason he doesn't want a second referendum now is that he wants the Tory party to control the terms with no public input.Never trust a Tory. 
Brexit legend @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is utterly scathing about "high priest of project fear" Mark Carney. Carney is just another establishment stooge who was wrong about Brexit in 2016 - and he's wrong again!Read more at Support us at  
Even tho I’m a member of the party that caused brexit and I didn’t vote cause it was too hard, also don’t want Scotland to control of immigration I will never accept Angus being hit hard...........oh. Angus she’s lying to you. Wake up.  
This summer join the Brexit resistance with our summer campaign.We're calling on people up and down the country to stand up to Theresa May and fight back against Brexit. Find out how you can get involved here: 
The brexit these voters will get is very, very different from the one they were promised. Losing their jobs, their NHS, their welfare benefits and pensions is the last thing they're expecting. The "civil unrest" (a rather euphemistic term) will rip the country apart.  
Wow! 570,000 people have signed for people to be given a say on the Brexit Deal. Let's get it to a million.#PeoplesVote 
To all my new followers and my old  allies in the fight against Brexit! I salute you! Have a great weekend, friends! #FBPE #WATON 
Any more evidence needed to show that Brexit is now a cult.Stuff reality. Apparrently it'll all work if everyone just "belives" more 
Theresa May’s cannot be allowed to go on making a mess out of Brexit, says Stephen Robinson. It’s time to send for Boris  
A no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear, says Prof David Collins. A tried-and-tested alternative to an EU trade deal - the world trade system - is ready and waiting:  
Tony Blair admits what campaigners for a so-called "People's Vote" don't want you to know: it's just a poorly-disguised, unwanted and divisive second referendum!  
Central bankers are bigger gangsters than the mafia , Brexit really has driven the left crazy ...  
So that is the link between all of the key players in Brexit. They all benefit from offshore secrecy. Farage, Arron Banks, the ERG group of MPs, Putin and his oligarchs, US billionaires, UK media moguls. The British public has been fooled by some extremely rich, very toxic people 
Thinking who should chair the public enquiry after Brexit rejected. Suggestions? 
When central bankers issue clear warnings its best to listen hard: to stop a No Deal Brexit we need an election this autumn...  
. @theresa_may wants "separate lanes for #British passport holders so that everyone can see the tangible benefits of #Brexit??!?!"  TANGIBLE BENEFITS OF BREXIT?!?! So what's that then... #BluePassports and bigger queues at airports???  I'll keep my @EU passport, thanks  
About time the made a movie to tell the real truth about the highland clearances preferably released just before the next Independence referendum I would be more than happy to contribute to any crowd fund  
Great that Brexit baton passing from Mail to Telegraph, which is going for crazy ‘breaking’ stories (food rationing, untrained doctors after we leave EU). Brexit media, like Brexit govt, losing the plot. Rather, they are losing it together, under pressure of events & ideology 
Britain's Brexit voters knew exactly what they were voting for | my piece for @QuilletteM  
Remember all the people who boasted "lol I voted Leave because it won't get enough votes to make it happen!"?Now we have people thinking No Deal is same as Stop Brexit.We seriously need to address this or any potential final vote could be damaged by this lack of understanding. 
Lies, damned lies, and Mark Carney's statistics on Brexit  
This, by @GoodwinMJ, on why people voted for Brexit is very interesting [SPOILER ALERT: it wasn't down to slogans on buses or the Russians] 
Is it really acceptable for a sitting MP to speak like this about the governor of the BoE? Carney has proved to be a very safe pair of hands managing the crisis that is brexit. Mogg emulates Trump - tweets insults but no substantive argument. Mogg runs the govt. but not the BoE.  
Hats off to journalist @BBCNickRobinson for asking the right questions about a UK-New Zealand trade deal post #Brexit. But he got no credible answers from Scottish Secretary @DavidMundellDCT. Hear the questions here – then listen to the full interview at  
However there is a link between the City and the seamier side of these offshore trusts that is exposed in the documentary "The Spider's Web", , which is available on Amazon, free on Prime. And it links all of the pieces of Brexit together very nicely. 
Next year's election is a referendum on the Buhari's administration. As many Nigerians have argued, his handling of the economy should be the main issue in the election. Having said that, it is also important that the fight on corruption be given another look. A thread! 
Once again @BBCr4today gives more coverage to manipulation and corruption in Zimbabwe than it's ever given to illegal manipulation and electoral law breaking in the 2016 UK EU referendum.Basically the BBC is now Pravda 
Unionist realism begins to spread. And the public conversation catches up with private speculation that has actually been going on for ages.  What is surprising is the surprise. The combination of Hard Brexit, no Assembly and demography makes this conversation inevitable.  
The actions & statements of #Brexiteers is the best evidence why UK should remain part of EU & ECHR and follow its principles & values.VoteLeave lied & cheated & are guilty of electoral fraud. Some members of their Board have identified with Bannon.I want no part of #Brexit. 
Useful explainer of why “WTO rules” do not obligate EU to accept UK goods, especially food, in a no deal Brexit  
Willie Walsh who is the head of @British_Airways said that his planes will still fly after #Brexit.Good to see a major British company fighting this #ProjectFear rubbish.British Airways 1, Project Fear 0 
Fed up of Brexit? Of bad people on the news? Of gigantic fibs being spread like marmalade on old white bread? Escape the nonsense & go down Cardiff Bay to this shindig called Yr @eisteddfod. It celebrates good, tidy, happy Welsh things. It’s FREE, like ur speech. Give it a go 
The head of #Brexit #ProjectFear unleashed his latest chapter yesterday and caused a dive in the pound, right as many of us are off on our holidays.Thanks ⁦@MarkCarney_BOE⁩, your friends at No.10 will be pleased. 
Slanderous comments from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg who has long been the high priest of bullshit. His reputation for inaccurate and financially motivated ramblings has damaged what little reputation & legitimacy is left of Brexit campaign.  
.@BBCr4today All the needless billions pissed away already on Brexit & billions more to come, while councils have no £ for child & adult #socialcare - the most vulnerable left with no support. Shame on @Conservatives, shame on Brexiteers for their self-serving ideology. #r4today 
Well reasoned arguments on why its time to think again over #Brexit."It is surely time to accept that we have made a mistake, that whichever way we voted, things are not turning out the way we expected, or are we too proud?" #RemainerNow #PeopleVote 
The #Leeds for Europe street stall continues today. Come and find us in Briggate from 12-3pm. Tell us what you think on our Brexitometer and talk to us about your vision for a new Britain without #Brexit. #peoples vote 
Focus should be on what’ll happen if we reject Brexit now: £ will soar, business confidence and jobs will return. We’ll be back on our feet. 
Banks told to stockpile cash and prepare for a recession in case of a hard Brexit  U.K. economy is on the brink of collapse due to Tory Greed, Corruption and incompetence. 
Macron refuses to break Brexit deadlock at meeting with Theresa MayWhy does she belittle UK with her pathetic begging? Just Leave no Deal!  
"EU MATHS & 'THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG' - Another superb Brexit Facts4EU exposé of how UK taxpayers fund EU's schemes. All Remainer MPs should read this:  
A local unpopular businessman is found overpowered with a tin of shortbread rounds. Suspicion falls on Devington’s candid photographer, angry that the rise of artificial intelligence might threaten the possibility of Victorian civilization being re-established following Brexit. 
Brexit is the enema of the people 
Great pleasure to meet again Carwyn Jones First Minister of Wales ! #Brexit won't break away our friendship ! #Bretagne #Wales 
I refuse to accept the Labour Party is racist and anti-SemiticThis hopeless Tory government could fall in the autumn over Brexit so it’s time Jeremy Corbyn, Labour and Jewish campaigners came together and agreed on a way forward, writes John Prescott 
Ironic how Ryanair flights to #EU destinations appear to be under far greater threat from O'Leary's poor industrial relations with his employees than from any #Brexit-related issues that he so likes to bluster about  
Damian Collins:“we need a British Mueller” for #Brexit Russian interference and Vote Leave.Suggests the National Crime Agency would be best.Police can secure greater co-operation from Leave figures who shunned the parliamentary inquiry. 
Friends! I too got accosted by a - literally - wild gammon at my Wildebeest talk!I mentioned that, due to Brexit, everyone would be forced to eat raw wildebeest or starve, and he heckled, shouted 'Untrue!', and was - literally - impotent!Talk about - literally - unbelievable!  
Politicians should GET ON WITH IT and get us out of the EU, not attempt to delay things with a second referendum. Voters got it right the first time.  
“Now that the UK is stockpiling food, maybe it’s time to admit Brexit is a mistake? Brexit has become a bizarre, macabre spectacle of national self-sabotage” ⁦@dylanmatt⁩ 
In his decades in business, Trump has failed at nearly everything he’s tried; analysis has shown that if he'd simply invested his money in the stock market instead of all his harebrained businesses, he’d be worth $10 billion more than he is now! 
Brexit Broadcasting Corporation sinks low. Gov of Bank of England delivers carefully considered statement. Response from tory MP I've never even heard of, basically showering him with insults. Balance achieved? How can BBC broadcast such rubbish journalism on the 6 o'clock news?  
1/4 If anyone is still listening, here’s an ABC of WTO-only #Brexit as it applies to my business, driving & #trucking.Bryce Baschuk (@bbaschuk) writes for Bloomberg on WTO.Dmitry Grozoubinski (@DmitryOpines) has actually been a #WTO negotiator. 
Great interview/support @ElizabethleaVos & @HAGOODMANAUTHOR #WikiLeaksWarriors#BootsOnTheGround for #Unity4J H.A. points out how bad #Brexit plagued #UK would look if they arrest #Hero #Publisher @JulianAssange@theresa_may can’t afford protests over #FreeAssange#Hero 
The French are unconvinced on the UK #Brexit charm offensive.Le Figaro:   Brexit is an out of control car.Les Echos:  meeting was a "cry for help"French govt:May's efforts to sidestep Barnier & soften EU position are unlikely to be  successful. 
Have you looked at UKIP's latest policies? I do not see any policy about Islam or grooming gangs only about Brexit. @GerardBattenMEP may talk about it but you should know that it is the NEC that makes policy not the leader. There are already calls for him to step down. 
This is heartbreaking.For some, the threat of Brexit has already created a hostile environment, not to mention living in limbo.#Brexitchaos If you are interested #r4today @BBCr4today this is the lady to contact about #Brexodus? 
Mark Carney's 'Doomsday' Brexit predictions have contributed to the “relentless hysteria” around Brexit as well as the fall in the  pound... via @Telegraph 
Very interesting thread (tweet and replies) of leading Brexiteers a few years ago declaring themselves in favour of a second referendum.  
Senior CON MP demands inquiry into Russian meddling in UK elections particularly the referendum 
It would be deeply irresponsible of the Governor of the Bank of England to mislead the public, as you are doing.Have you read your own government's analysis of a no-deal Brexit ?  Even scarier than those of Mark Carney.  2.8 million jobs and a £158 billion hit to GDP.  
Mark Carney: “Britain faces an uncomfortably high risk of a no-deal Brexit”.  Translation: Britain now has a good chance of Brexit on WTO terms. 
Would all those British Newscasters who are being used as Remainer “Stooges”please change their opening line from “Despite Brexit!” to “Whilst the Country Looks Forward to Brexit!”I am sure that the mood and the spirit of the country would lift overnight! 
It seems that a few people in UK still think that the people 'won' something by voting leave.  IF we won though, how is it that we are we now told we must stockpile food against Brexit consequences? 
What’s incomprehensible and disturbing is that you think it’s OK to break the law to win a referendum. Where are your calls for an inquiry? Party > Britain for these lot.  
The most frightening and demoralising aspect of current debate on #Brexit is that our own MP appear to have greater loyalty to destroying the UK than to his own constituents. I find that incomprehensible and disturbing 
Apparently allowing people to become doctors with less experience than is required now is a Brexit "benefit". Perhaps we can return ot the days when barbers performed surgery too? 
So UK is forbidden to negotiate with elected governments of EU member states but unelected Eurocrats can negotiate with unelected, failed, ex or never stood for election nonentities who oppose #Brexit & the will of the electorate of the UK. 
Brexit: the lies that spread - prestige-based lies are halfway round the world before truth can get its pants on. In 2009, Sir Christopher Meyer wanted newspapers to reconcile high standards with profitability - he was right then and now ...  #Brexinfo. 
Queer Eye but it’s Queer Eye and they cancel Brexit. 
Seth Klein: “The three proportional representation options on the referendum ballot preserve — and indeed enhance — local representation. They also produce results that are proportional — a legislature that reflects our actual preferences.” #bcpoli 
Macron refuses to break Brexit deadlock at meeting with Theresa May  via @MailOnlineSo Macron who thinks he’s the new king of the Eu says non to the Appeaser .No real surprise there,when you go cap in hand to someone that invariably happens. 
In some matters, the choice is clear. On Brexit, we must recover fully our legal and parliamentary sovereignty. On immigration, we must be able to choose who we want to admit. On trade and international affairs, we must be free to trade as we please and partner who we see fit. 
A Referendum stolen by mega rich bastards, all to avoid tax scrutiny and plunder the land. Access to illegal data and foreign influence.Don’t worry though, we’ve got the Electoral Commission to protect us and order the referendum to be annulled.Haven’t we? 
There were nearly twice as many German as British troops on the winning side at Waterloo.Britain would likely not have survived WW2 without the USA British exceptionalism is born of a distortion of our history and leads to the self delusion of #Brexit. #FBPE 
Bigtime! The Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated and the EU supports it. The destruction of the NATO and Free Europe on purpose. The very reason for Brexit and the backlash from Free Europe. With @jongaunt @KTHopkins @ingridcarlqvist These Patriots that understand what they face. 
Arctic monkeys caused brexit 
Brexit is set to betray working people, which is why our union backs The Independent's campaign for a Final Say | The Independent  
Brexit means....- Higher food prices- 960,000 jobs at risk in car & engineering - A dodgy deal with Donald Trump, who is on record for wanting NHS to pay more- Chaos at Dover- Skills shortages- Fewer rights to work/travel in EUDoesn't sound like taking control to me 
A decision on whether Britain should remain in the EU would almost certainly require another referendum  
Daily reminder that if any public vote in the world had seen illegality compared to the EU Referendum, the UK would be the first to cry to annul the vote.Here @KateHoeyMP, who knows well what a rigged vote looks like, calls for Zimbabwean election to be annulled. The irony..... 
It started in 2010 when Cameron and #FBPE Nick Clegg formed a coalition govt whose main intent was the destruction of the Welfare State. #Brexit  
This. From a guy setting up a branch of his business in Dublin to protect his wealth from the impact of Brexit.  
Certainly hope so. Irrespective of whether Brexit happens or not, Scotland will never allow itself to be threatened in this way again by a govt that willfully ignores us and a disgrace of a party that we do not vote for. 
Chatting to taxi driver in Madrid, complaining about corruption in  govtI said same in  = #Brexit“Really? But I thought you just wanted to leave”“No! #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw to win”“But we’ve never heard about that here!”“We don’t want to leave”He smiled#StopBrexit 
Oh look Olly Robbins is there yet again, but not the Brexit secretary  @DominicRaab Macron refuses to break Brexit deadlock at meeting with Theresa May  via @MailOnline 
Will it finally sink in @theresa_may it is NO! So please #StopBrexitEmmanuel Macron last night warned Theresa May that he stood firmly behind EU negotiators as he refused to break ranks over Brexit. 
Queer Eye, but it’s five ghosts of people killed in the Blitz telling high-profile Brexit supporters to please just stop with the analogies 
This morning I saw you’re original tweet. You deleted it based on the fact you were quickly ridiculed, because you were obviously wrong.You then posted an edited version of the original tweet. Do you think we are idiots?You are not fit to be an MP.#brexit  
"Police to be asked to cancel leave in the two months after Brexit as the government readies itself for the worst case scenario of social unrest caused by a No Deal."Still going swimmingly so. 
Carney is being blamed for a dip in the pound which has raised the cost of foreign holidays as a result of his statements on Brexit. Well done Governor! Not exactly what you get paid for though. 
Australian minister REFUSES to back May’s Brexit plan as trade deal hangs in the balance. Now she's screwing up things before they even happen.   
Newspaper headlines: Corbyn's message to Jews and Brexit fears  
#Brexit is closely linked with climate change denial. For starters check the think-tanks based at #55TuftonSt. The reason is that hard Brexit opens the door to environmental deregulation. #PeoplesVote 
He's the high priest of Project Fear: Mark Carney's latest Brexit predictions blamed for a fall in the pound #BrexitBetrayal 
Dexeu discussing cancelling all police leave for 2 months to cope with public disorder after a no-deal #Brexit. Only enemies of our nation would lead the UK down such a path.#PeoplesVote 
“See that forest there...there’s a unicorn in it . You need to capture it and then we will take to Brussels and they will believe in your facilitated customs arrangement...” #Brexit #Captioncompetition 
Brexit "marked the 1st occasion in Britain’s history when the culturally liberal middle-class, which orbits London & uni towns, had lost. Until this point, the advocates of double liberalism—[globalisation+high immigration]—had gotten all they had wanted"  
Theresa May is more concerned about the #brexit that the EU will accept rather than one the British people will accept. She really is that out of touch & that blind as to the damage she is doing to the Tory partySomeone that out of touch is not fit to lead#TeamTory #MayMustGo 
'Brexit is set to betray working people, so I back a Final Say'  
Ffs just heard that fears of civil unrest caused by #Brexit means all Police leave is likely to be cancelled for TWO months. I for one have had enough of this shite. Just how much more can we be expected to suck up...Screaming inside.#PoliceFamily#EnoughIsEnough 
Cant believe the Conservative Party are continuing to let May get away with this nonsense, she's an  anti Brexit loose Cannon roaming around Europe making a fool of both herself and the Country and they dont seem to care! What the hell is going on?  #NoOrdinaryJoe 
The weather is a bit like Brexit: no one’s happy with it, it makes people very hot and you wonder how it's all going to end  
#FlounceOutBrexitHe came from Kent and hated knowledgeHe wrote Nazi songs at Dulwich College That's where power caught his eyeHe said that he was loaded, as he swigged rum & colaIn 30 seconds time said: "I wanna destroy common people, Brexit destroy common people like you"  
The Conservatives are in crisis over austerity, not just Brexit  
"More than two years have passed since Britain voted for Brexit. Ever since that moment, the vote to leave the European Union has routinely been framed as an aberration; a radical departure from ‘normal’ life." | @GoodwinMJ  
THE chief finance minister for Australia has refused to back Theresa May’s much criticised #ChequersPlan for #BrexitThis comes amid concerns in Australia that it will prevent a much desired free trade dealMore evidence we need to #ChuckChequers 
Mark Carney DOOMSDAY scenario: No deal Brexit could cause house prices to PLUMMET by THIRD. Surely nobody can belief this Project Fear nonsense?  
Soft Brexit is membership of the Single Market and possibly a Customs Union, whether done through EFTA/EEA or through an direct agreement with an equivalent outcome. 6/ 
Andrea was superb during the referendum campaign but I don’t think this pro-Chequers piece will convince many Leavers. Doesn’t convince me.  
52 percent of a gerrymandered electorate voted to leave the EU two years ago. But there are at least 5 competing visions of #Brexit, each of which might garner 10% support. Remain is a clearly defined option and currently has anywhere between 52-57%. go figure... 
Chequers is, contrary to the views of most of the Tory party and many commentators, a form of hard Brexit. 5/ 
A Hard Brexit properly refers to UK and EU27 agreeing a withdrawal agreement, and then agreeing a trade agreement that has the UK outside of the single market and customs union. i.e., and FTA, Canada (with or without +s) etc. 4/ 
The Moggs (2018)PG-13HorrorAn Edwardian family haunt the Empire State Building and the only way to exorcise their spirits is through the dangerous ritual of a no deal Brexit.  
When did you decide how to vote in the #Brexit referendum? 
Are you genuinely saying that the guy who’s job it is to provide risk assessment & forecast of the economy in order to take actions to improve it is more biased in his professional opinion than a politician who thinks that some kind of soft Brexit is essentially treasonous? 
WTO rules hold no fears for a no-deal Brexit. In fact it's the best-deal Brexit we could possibly achieve.   
Mark Carney 'lacking optimism!'Peter Bone: “After all, growth in exports comes from NON-EU trade & everyone knows in future vast increase in trade will come from NON-EU countries.His lack of optimism about our outcome is strange in my view.”#Brexit #EU 
What the feck do @BBCNews and @BBCSimonJack mean by the Governor of the BoE ‘intervening’ in the Brexit debate? It’s his job for heavens’ sakes. You all sound like the Brexiteers PR team. 
John Prescott: “I refuse to accept that Labour is racist and anti-Semitic - This hopeless Tory government could fall in the autumn over Brexit so it’s time Corbyn, Labour and Jewish campaigners came together and agreed on a way forward”  
Post Brexit plan when the medicine runs out  
Our Gov is considering cancelling all police leave for TWO MONTHS after Brexit due to fears of civil unrest.We are choosing to do this. It is madness.Food shortages will bring riots. Ridiculous   
“Banks are preparing for house prices to fall by a third after Brexit” and interest rates to rise up by 4%. Negative equity & repossessions. Why are we doing this? Tax avoidance for billionaires!   via @MetroUK 
From Bristol to Newcastle, Cambridge to Leeds, here's how to get involved in your local grassroots anti-Brexit group  
Lies, damned lies, and Mark Carney's statistics on Brexit 
High Priest of Project Fear!Jacob Rees-Mogg: “Mark Carney has long been the High Priest of Project Fear whose reputation for inaccurate politically motivated forecasting has damaged the reputation of the Bank of England.”#Brexit #Leave #EU 
Looked up this Tory MP up following his extraordinary attack on our freedom, similar to @DCBMEP saying we should be tried as traitors for being against Brexit.  Turns out he is another  @WestmonsterUK contributor.  How many Tory MPs are there now who are right of UKIP? 
I hope that @bobscartoons doesn’t mind l, but the text may have changed a little to be more accurate #Brexit#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
Didn't see this written on the side of that bus:'All police leave could be cancelled in the two months after Brexit' 
Remainer Carney's 'Doomsday' Brexit predictions are costing us dearly. Time to stop the games, they are damaging Britain.   via @Telegraph 
Macron wants May’s #Brexit plan to fail, writes @B_Judah Our PM cannot see what was staring her in the faceHer meeting with Macron was first and foremost a desperate plea to help her fight for political survivalI cannot see her lasting much longer 
Mark Carney's 'Doomsday' Brexit predictions blamed for fall in pound  
Pretty accurate summary of @theresa_may’s #Brexit meeting with Macron today.#ChequersMeansCorbyn. 
“Nobody voted for a chaotic or dangerous Brexit. Nobody voted for their safety to be put at risk or for food supplies to be threatened or medicines to be stockpiled.” - Chris Leslie MP#StopBrexit 
If the political class has treated your entire region like an after-thought for decades and then you're told that Brexit is a way to bring back industry and make things better... the fault lies with the politicians, not the people. 
The High Priest of Putin accuses Carney of being the High Priest of Project Fear.PS Project Fear has long been Project Fact - our economy has already diminished by 2% (a huge amount in economic terms) because of Brexit & we haven't even left yet.  
Massive shout out to anyone who voted #Brexit but has since become a #RemainerNow. Your honesty and decency is overwhelming, and is an enormous boost to the #PeoplesVote campaign.Thank you.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Stay #EU 
From one of our friends:"We, an Anglo-German family, had a home in England once upon a time. When we began to understand that English Brexit society no longer welcomed people like us, we packed our bags. And the dog. And we now live where we are welcome, ..."  
Saturday's i“Police face holiday ban to ensure safe Brexit”#tomorrowspaperstoday#bbcpapers(via @MsHelicat) 
'Do you see that bonfire in the distance with all the billowing smoke coming from it?''Yes, yes I do.' 'That's your country and your career and all your Brexit plans that is.'  
A senior Tory MP tells me chances of May being ousted this autumn are “100%” such is the rage at her handling of Brexit. Is she tonight pleading with Macron to give her something — anything — otherwise he will be dealing with Johnson or Gove?  
Frank Field MP tells me on @LBC he will stand as an Independent at next election if he is deselected over  Brexit. Labour has been warned 
A rare British gastronomic hit in France, the Marks & Spencer sandwich may no longer appear on Parisian shelves without a post-Brexit trade deal, the supermarket's chairman warns  
It's like we've uncovered the British Watergate but we're all like "yeah, Brexit was crooked. Whatever"  
Rees-Mogg goes personal on Carney. Because he can’t go for the numbers. Since Brexit vote: currency tanks 15% making us all poorer, QE / borrowing extends austerity by at least 5 years, growth falls by 2%. OK Jacob, what’re your figures? 
If we could turn back time... My latest for ⁦@theipaper⁩: why celebrity interventions in the Brexit debate do matter. Featuring ⁦@Cher⁩ ⁦@GaryLineker⁩ ⁦@AlisonMoyet⁩ ⁦@eltonofficial⁩ 
‘Britain should just WALK AWAY from EU!’ Defiant academic celebrates no deal Brexit chance  
Another friend leaving writes “We, an Anglo-German family, had a home in the UK. When English Brexit society no longer welcomed people like us, we packed our bags. And the dog.And we now live where we are welcome, even though, technically speaking we are both foreigners”#Brexodus 
All PR systems in the BC referendum are simple for voters to use.• Mixed-Member (MMP): one vote for local candidate, one vote for party• Dual-Member: one vote for a ticket (pair of candidates)• Rural-Urban: for rural, see MMP above; for urban, rank candidates #bcpoli #pr4bc 
May meeting Macron on Brexit tonight. She is taking her secret weapon with her Philip the Snail that exciting husband of hers, that's sure to get us a good deal. Nevermind they might go walking after and Philip can take the rubbish out. Rule F*****G Britannia. 
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels  
Oh super dooper ! Why,  let's not even bother to train doctors at all after Brexit and just hand them a blow torch and feather duster and have a jolly old wheeze !  
.@ezralevant mocks anti-#Brexit "sandwich shortage" scare:  | #UK #tcot #politics cc: @BBC 
May did not take a single #Brexiteer to the Macron meeting - not even @DominicRaabLlewellyn was Cameron's chief of staff Remainer Barwell in 2016 said #Brexit was the "politics of hate and division"And we know all about May and Robbins  
A hard Irish border "would be a game changer... it would really hurt us."Meet the people whose lives could be turned upside down by Brexit  
#Brexit: "the largest vote in British history" claims Priti Patel on #bbcaq.REALITY CHECK:17,410,742 Brexit only 31,161 ahead of 1975 Remain  17,378,581 & electorate 6m LARGER NOWTURNOUT 2016: 72.2%: Every single UK general election 1945-92 had higher turnout bar 1970. 
Because you are begging him for help because you have screwed yourself with your #Brexit plans....  
I don’t think many understand the significance of the BOE raising interest rates at a time of austerity, uncertainty & unsustainable private debt.It’s so daft it has to be political. Specially as Carney then warned about the effects of #Brexit.He’s contributing to them. 
Hardly!  Learned so much from the selfless Brexit thread-making of you, @Sime0nStylites, @EmporersNewC And @GuitarMoog.  So much information and insight without thought of reward or self-promotion.Twitter at its best. 
With every single report on #Brexit, with every single editorial decision made, @BBCNews sinks lower & lower in the country's estimation. This is no longer about incompetence. This is deliberate & systematic bias. And it seems to be coming from the very top. 
The governor of the Bank of England has warned the chance of a no-deal Brexit is “uncomfortably high”  
Have you noticed that the U.K. media never cover countries like Germany who currently enjoy a trade surpluswith the U.K. of £80billion.Are they worried about a no deal Brexit? Of course they are and so are many of the EU27.They are all bloody terrified.Come on Sky and BBC . 
RT to trigger a snowflake !!#Brexit  
If Brexit zealot Peter Bone is going to attempt to dismiss Mark Carney as “the Canadian bank manager”, then I’m going to point out that Peter Bone is the kind of smug, tedious, ignorant, bigoted, opinionated, selfish pub bore I wouldn’t spend time with if you paid me. #PeterBone 
#Leavers claim Carney's Project Fear didn't happen after the referendum. What they don't realise it was because the BoE made £250 billion of liquidity available to stabilise the markets after he result, that carnage was avoided. He called it right once, he'll have it right again.  
The UK's financial system is ready to withstand the potential shock of a no-deal Brexit, according to Bank of England chief Mark Carney  
The damning links between Tory-led austerity and Brexit.@ElfreaLockley 
I backed Brexit and Trump ..  
Ignore the threats of #ProjectFear - by choosing to believe in this country and what it can do, we can secure a Brexit that delivers for Britain.  
Nationalists' dismissal as "project fear" will be familiar to readers in Scotland Carney: No-deal Brexit risk 'uncomfortably high' -  
Theresa May is meeting Macron at his holiday retreat.A PM May capitulation is in the air. Macron is no friend of Brexit.She talks to everyone but the kitchen sink, apart  from addressing the British people to spell out her plan directly. The people she should be putting first. 
 It's been over 750 days since the EU Referendum and Ruth Davidson is still flip flopping on Brexit. Here are just a few times.  
Well said Manuel - if only all who claim to speak for working people would speak out in Same way. — Brexit is set to betray working people, so I back a Final Say'  
From Leavers we have "We Are Brexit"From Labour we have "We Are Corbyn"From the government we have "We Are Lost".I prefer the #FBPE choice, which says "We are a group of individuals whose only connection is a passion to Remain in the EU".Enough of this forced collectivism pic.twitter.com/QDbauRlsYR 
Er, no... you moronsIt’s the relentless anti-Brexit, pro-EU, Left wing bullshit that seeps out of that sorry excuse for an impartial broadcaster otherwise known as the @BBC 
CONFIRMED! Lord Adonis @Andrew_Adonis to speak at the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference on 8 September in #Leeds. With his & @williamnhutton's book "Saving Britain: How We Must Change to Prosper in Europe" just hitting the shelves, this is a must!  
Welcome to Austerity Britain. Austerity Brexit Britain will be even better. Like travelling back in time, where we can all experience life before basic services.   
The SNP Scotland’s only hope of leaving the broken, crumbling union. Lend them your vote and be repaid with independence. A vote for anyone else will keep us shackled to the Brexit blind union. We deserve more, so much more. They are ready to dissolve devolution. Be warned! 
Agree with this 100%I know that we're in a 24-7 #BreakingNews environment,but there are a few things that ought to be "settled",-like the moon landing; #climatechange. And couldn't the BBC find a #Brexit economist to debate #MarkCarney ?Surely they exist 
Tory austerity and welfare cuts directly caused Brexit—the withdrawal of welfare in poor areas allowed the Vote Leave campaign to exploit underlying worries about EU immigration and claims that billions were being spent on EU rather than at UK 
May and Macron hold 'informal' Brexit talks in France  
Amazon are simply using EU rules to pick and choose which country they pay their taxes in. The fact this means they can avoid paying millions in UK tax on UK profits has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with their boss recently scaremongering about Brexit... 
"Brexit should be Labour’s focus. Its NEC candidates ignore it at their peril"We've collated 18 response from Labour NEC candidates on their Brexit and #PeoplesVote stance.Read them here to help inform your decision making:  
Macron wants May’s Brexit plan to fail, he aims to send a message to Euroskeptics everywhere: Don’t mess with the EU. Britain must accept all of the Four Freedoms, including the free movement of labor, if it wants to preserve the free movement of goods 
It's interesting that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg imagines that Mark Carney expresses concerns about the UK economy because Carney is a Remainer - rather than realizing that Carney is a Remainer because of his concerns about what Brexit will do to our economy). 
Now that the UK is stockpiling food, maybe it’s time to admit Brexit is a mistake?  
The Conservatives wouldn’t be in crisis if they didn’t promise to give EU divorce payment, do soft Brexit and continue Frebbie Aid.   
An EFTA/EEA Brexit would have us subject to only c.25% of current laws and directives, outside political union and the jurisdiction of the ECJ, regain our independent seat at WTO & other top tables. Hard Brexit risks untold economic disruption and possible reversal. Easy choice.  
Michael Gove has said 'Chalky soil & unusually high temperatures could provide British consumers with English sparkling wine to rival the finest French champagne post-Brexit' - Hands up who would rather fight climate change than look to profit from it? #SaveOurPlanet #GoveWatch 
Heading to @Bestival where the theme is “the circus” rather than “arguing with strangers on the internet about Brexit and antisemitism” so taking a couple of days off Twitter. Be good! x*heads off to argue with real people but dressed as a clown* 
Doctor: Hello, what’s wrong with you?Patient: Isn’t that your job to work out?Doctor: Oh no, I did the Brexit fast track course. Took 1 day & no books or practical experience. Patient: OhDoctor: If you want to upgrade to an expert you need to pay us lots.Patient: Fuck  
.@Telegraph cartoon#TheresaMay #EmmanuelMacron #fortdebriançon #Brexit  
MP @frankfieldteam joins me on @lbc from 7 to talk about food banks & threat by Labour to deselect him because of his support for Brexit 
Before @Anna_Soubry speaks out about #Brexit again, perhaps she should remember this tweet#Brexit #Conservatives 
Anyone experiencing #BFF Syndrome? *Brexit Fighting Fatigue*Me: I feel #BFF coming on..Me (to self): Have an #IntenationalBeerDay Me: I don't think it'll helpMe (to self): Effing get over yourself & FIGHT BREXITMe: Oh, OK!*feeling re-energised*#stopbrexit #FBPE 
Vote Leave broke the law.Vote Leave lied.Brexit is destroying Britain.We now officially live in a dystopian novel.  
Inspiring to see another #Labour MP with the courage to stand against #Brexit and support a #PeoplesVote. Thank you @peterkyle!Oh and those guys @FFSake_ are not bad either ; ) 
Another Project Fear con trick from Mark Carney. He admitted that his previous predictions of doom were utterly wrong. He is doing this deliberately - he alone has caused the pound to slide. He is a major part of the Globalist plot to derail Brexit.  
Let’s knock it on the head now, #brexit is clearly not worth the bother. If we’re lucky the EU will let us back in on the same terms as we’re currently on. #StopBrexit 
Taxi for Carney!!#Brexit#MoggMentum 
An example why so many are p***d off with @BBCNews The govenor of the Bank of England makes a statement about no deal Brexit and all the bbc report is what several extremist Tory MPs with minimal economic expertise think about his statement, without telling us what Carney said! 
The only caveat here is that, today, I’ve wondered seriously whether some of the weapons grade anti-semitism deniers with anonymised handles (& I’ve seen *a lot*) might be  Brexit/Trump style sock puppets interested only in sowing division & splitting the left.  
Would someone tell me how two Tory backbenchers can hijack the #BBCNews brexit narrative? Mark Carney is the neutral Governor of the BoE and it is his opinion that should hold sway, not some partisan zealots who are openly undermining the Prime Minister. 
‘Ministers considering cutting medical training after Brexit to cope with loss of doctors from the EU’Could the untrained doctors please operate on Rees-Mogg, Farage & Johnson? I’d prefer one of the old ones that’s trained 
After two years with no real progress in Brexit negotiations, HM Treasury quietly release these figures...  
Capitalism's worsening inequality and job opportunities renew socialist criticism. One task ofnationalisms (Brexit, Trump, Europe's extreme right) is to distract from and crush that process.Once more the system undermines itself. 
You could read this thread, for a speedy reminder of the utter mess the govt has made of Brexit.  Or notice the Opposition doesn’t really feature in, well, properly opposing this mess. Or you could pour yourself a glass of blush, & disappear for August. That’s my cue...  
We are facing a referendum that will lower the wages and reduce the benefits of working veterans. Prop A forces workers to accept lower wages and fewer benefits. That is the opposite of freedom. #VoteNoOnPropA 
Packed #Brexit public meeting in the Corran Halls #Oban tonight with @Feorlean - Many Argyll & Bute constituents have tangible concerns about the impact of the #BrexitShambles on our fragile rural economy. 
A kleptonationalist alliance linking a transatlantic super-rich faction, far-right extremists & Putin is waging a war to destroy our democracy. This is a war for the survival of democracy. The Labour party should be leading the resistance in Britain. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
BBC Radio 6pm Mark Carney has "once again stepped into the Brexit debate". The implication being that he ought to have "kept out" of the Brexit debate. Who writes this crap? Carney is The Governor of The Bank of England. It his foremost duty to forecast the economy @BBCR4Feedback 
Andrew is a #remainernow who has been speaking out about #brexit for some time (see thread in reply) but he has become the third #bregretter to add to the series of daily videos for @peoplesvote_uk for the month of August.Great stuff @AndrewHardie3 continue to speak out! 
Crucial point here: Scenario 1: Brexit is stopped - riots potentially break out due to small number of idiotic fascists who will soon get bored and give upScenario 2: Brexit happens and the entire country riots due to permanent food, medicine , Energy, Money etc shortages 
Yaxley-Lennon (aka 'Tommy Robinson') was on Fox News owned by Rupert Murdoch, where he thanked members of the Trump administration for helping him. This is Trump & Murdoch promoting fascism in the UK. It is a foreign war against our democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
This is demonstrably untrue. You can check yourself on the EU treaties office database.  #Brexit  
You can't say it's balance to put up Peter Bone or IDS to 'counter' Mark Carney. You have to put up like with like, so the BBC should have attempted to find a another serious economist who'd put the case on the facts that Brexit is a good thing. Only there isn't one.  
Fratzscher (DIW) : “If the new Italian government seriously implements a referendum on euro membership, that would be a disaster."Ah, ces réferendums. Bien des soucis pour les pauvres européistes. 
The British people did not hand Theresa May a blank cheque to make a mess out of our country's future with her botched Brexit. Join the growing number of people demanding a final say on Brexit, including the option to stay in the EU:  
Claims that it would be undemocratic for the public to vote again on Brexit have been branded “weird” and “bizarre” by Alastair Campbell  
According to @iaindale, the governor of the @bankofengland is not allowed to even hold private views about Brexit because they will definitely contaminate everything he does, and make him incapable of being a professional.What utter cretinous stupidity.@LBC 
.@Theresa_May meets @EmmanuelMacron at the president's summer residence in the south of France as she tries to get support from European leaders for her #Brexit blueprintRead the full story here:  
Last time UK temporarily accelerated the medical course was during WWII. Is he saying that Brexit is requiring such emergency measures? As a retired doctor I find in peacetime such a suggestion unacceptable for our health and safety. 
This shit doesn’t really believe the lies he needs to nourish to get Brexit ‘over the line’. But he does believe in a ‘Lord of the Flies’ future of survival of the fittest. Not because he has inherited wealth but because he’s just a superior human. Go figure! #FBPE pic.twitter.com/pN7Mj1R2C7 
22. Meanwhile, there had been a #PeoplesVote march, thousands and thousands were supporting a campaign for a new referendum on the terms of a deal. But, to Theresa May, the will of the people was frozen in time. Even if we all emptied the shelves of Tesco or Asda. 
Today we were in #Sunderland to hear what people had to say about Brexit. The message is clear: these places have been ignored by the political establishment for too long. 1/5 
Prime Minister Theresa May has arrived at French president Emmanuel Macron's retreat in the south of France for Brexit talks 
EU health law expert Professor @TamaraHervey on the health minister claims on Brexit and medical training promoted by law breakers Leave. EU 1/2  
#Brexit...RT if you agree.  
UKIP Membership Up 15 Percent Since May’s ‘Soft’ Brexit Plan Revealed   
Good chat with @IainDale @lbc on Brexit just now. I always feel he is one of those people with whom I totally disagree but can have reasonable conversation, of which there is all too little in our politics right now 
“The story of how the Conservatives crippled the country” - from austerity to Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
Mark Carney(BoE governor) - The possibility of a no deal #brexit is uncomfortably high at this point... a no deal brexit is "highly undesirable"... a disaster in other words. It would mean disruption to trade as we know it & higher prices.#StopBrexit #FBPE #r4today 
The most frightening and demoralising aspect of current debate on #Brexit is that there are people in this country who appear to have greater loyalty to the EU then to their own country. I find that incomprehensible and disturbing 
The Conservative civil war has made what would only have ever been a bad Brexit a horrific divorce. They have created a mess that is now the stuff of nightmares and is not the easy deal that Brexiters promised voters. 
Opinion: The Electoral Commission’s DUP decision shows again how the rules that should protect our democracy are failing. Latest @openDemocracy piece on foot of regulator decision not to investigate £435k DUP Brexit donation  
EU source on whether May can persuade Macron to break from the Commission on Brexit: "I don't believe Macron is going to knife Barnier. And it's very odd of the UK government to brief out that he might." 
Did you know that in the #EU there are political prisoners? 7 Catalan politicians and 2 civic leaders are in pre-trial detention for having organised or supported a referendum. Some of them for over 9 months A big shame for #Europe and the values it should stand for #FreeThemAll 
Don’t be ridiculous monocle man you are talking out of your top hat facts are facts the only issue is how terrible Brexit will be for the economy  
250,000 are now backing our calls for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. If you haven't yet signed & shared our petition, do so now:  
There is so much anger and so many lies about #Brexit, but there is one thing that I am completely clear on, and that is that at the 2016 referendum Nobody Voted To Be Poorer...  
Yeah, an apolitical banker with no interest in anything other than a factual analysis of reality is WAY less trustworthy than a lying politician who stands to gain personally by millions if the most disastrous Brexit happens. 
A huge *thank you* to so many members of @WycombeTories who turned out on Wednesday evening to discuss the Brexit situation. The overwhelming mood of the meeting was against #Chequers and in favour of finding a way to accept the EU’s March offer: 
I didn't ask for Brexit. I didn't vote for it and I will NEVER agree to it. Any rights that are removed from me as a result of it are removed from me AGAINST MY WILL. I am being mugged. We ALL are. This is THEFT. #Mugged#BrexitTheft#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
Joanna Williams - “If we voted leave this is not our problem, this is the EU’s problem, they need to work out what is going to happen with the single market.“This does make me a no-dealer and I am proud to admit that. I think Britain should now just walk away." #Brexit  
Mark Carney warns house prices could collapse if the UK is forced to accept a Hard #Brexit. Don't remember the big red bus poster that said 'Leaving will cost you a third of the value of your house' 
BofE Gov says #Brexit has cost the UK 2% of GDP and we have dropped from fastest growing country in G7 to slowest. High price to pay to save the careers of Johnson, Gove and Fox.  Enough is enough, time to save the country with #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Anyone else noticed the increase of 'egghead' accounts with less than 30 followers, following a couple of hundred & a handful of Tweets? They're all over my Tweets of late & seem more Anglicised than the Russian bots from last year! But still spouting the same #Brexit nonsense! 
So not only did Barnier meet secretly with Tony Blair’s “Institute for Global Change” but the subject of the meeting was listed as...“For the Preparation and Conduct of the Negotiations with the United Kingdom under Article 50”#WeAreBeingBetrayed#GlobalElite #Brexit  
Its quite tragic but I've started to switch off from #Brexit . Simply because some of the stuff I read and hear is that utterly ridiculous & pathetic. Its just constant now & also so toxic.All I see is am enormous opportunity being wasted & national humiliation. So very sad 
You have moved two investment funds to Dublin because of your fears of the havoc #Brexit will wreak on the UK. Janus-faced, aren't you? 
For the recordI didn’t hold a referendum,that was the Tory party,endorsed by the Labour Party.I didn’t vote for BrexitI haven’t abused anyone, irrespective of nationalityI am not responsible,shared or otherwise. I’m doing my best to resist.I’m not on my own.Thankyou#FBPE 
Please let @Stone_SkyNews  know how you are affected by brexit....We are on day 771 #InLimbo Over two years of not knowing what's to come. We are tired, stressed, depressed, anxious....many are at breaking point. UK citizens in the EU27 are #InLimboToo 
3/. It’s you who is moving business to Dublin to protect it against Brexit shock...not the BofE that is doing all it can to protect the rest of us against the adverse affects of your bonkers Brexit.DOWN WITH ERG and JRM. 
After Brexit you may have an NHS doctor who's had no training! Unless you're rich enough to get private health insurance.  No wonder @WestmonsterUK thinks this is a cause for celebration- @Arron_banks is in insurance. @iealondon also favours replacing NHS with insurance system 
2/ “Our growth is still1% lower-and, when taking into account the measures,  1.75% to 2%lower than it would have been but for the referendum.That’s a big shift.  Highest to lowest of the G7.And a <17% shift in Stirlingfrom end of 2016-2017 a real pay squeeze on GBhouseholds. 
But it is fascinating on a slightly macabre level. I have a work friend who I used to have lunch with a lot and we disagreed on Brexit. Right after the referendum I still said I thought it was a bad idea: he went almost uncontrollably pink with rage. What is i? A virus? 
If Britain leaves the EU on WTO terms this does not in fact amount to no deal. WTO is a deal, the one most countires use in international trade. We should go for that, save ourselves the £40bn, and get Britain out of the EU as soon as possible. #Brexit  
Brussles is increasingly terrified of a no deal #Brexit. They would lose the 40 billion they desperately need and British success would pose a mortal threat to the EU project. They're now ramping up Project Fear to new extremes.  
2. It started with a draft Agreement back in Dec 2018, where everyone was backslapping at their own Brexit brilliance.Memories can be short, so remember Britain agreed to pay a financial settlement in recognition of its obligations & liabilities. 
"Britain's reputation has been hurt."Worth taking another look at this interview with the President of The Royal Society, Venkatraman Ramakrishnan, on how Brexit might affect the sciences  
Both Trump and Brexit supporters threatening violence if they don't get their racist agendas through. Since when did democracies cede power to those who would use violence to obtain their ends. 
Where is your evidence of politically motivated forecasting from the BoE? You claim to champion British democracy yet everything you do and says proves you are hell bent on destroying the independent bodies that aim to uphold it. #Brexit  
BREAKING: In an effort to cut costs incurred by Brexit, and in move to highlight the stupidity of evil Nazis like @GerardBattenMEP and @Nigel_Farage , Walkers Crisps will now only be available in one flavour 
“No-deal doesn’t exist because it would be a deal under the WTO - we already operate under the WTO, as does the EU.” Iain Duncan Smith challenges a Brexit phrase #bbcwato 
Join the thousands of other new recruits standing up #ForTheNationJoin UKIP Save Brexit Save Britain  
How do you sleep at night spouting such obvious lies? I don’t know what nanny puts in your bedtime cocoa but it must be strong stuff.PS How’s the move to Ireland going? Not exactly a vote of confidence in Brexit Britain is it?  
Honestly, are you really trying to argue this? That our doctors having less training is actually a GOOD thing?You are aren't you? Normally in the wake of such delusions I'd recommend seeing a doctor but, thanks to your Brexit, they'll likely be dangerously under-qualified.  
Not Tonight, the post-Brexit dystopian management sim from @PanicBarn and @nomorerobotshq, will launch on Steam on August 17 -- and a community Brexit vote will determine the British price  
Dear @theresa_may - the Chequers plan is not the Brexit we were promised. It does not deliver on the referendum result. If Chequers isn’t ditched, the country will pay the price for a generation... 
Bank of England used to be above politics, now Mark Carney (again) intervenes in #brexit debate. Remember, he's a Civil Servant (salary+benefits approx £800,000 per year) whose job is to implement agreed policy. With EU negotiations due to end in Oct, he's undermining UK position 
UKIP Membership Up 15 Percent Since May’s ‘Soft’ Brexit Plan Revealed   
How Brexit Was Engineered By Foreign Billionaires To Bring About Economic Chaos – For Profit  #FBPE #Brexit 
All the Brexit news you need...in Sunday Sport on Sunday  
WATCH NOW: Andrew voted leave in the #EUReferendum but now wants a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal now that we have a better idea of what #Brexit might look like.  
If austerity had not happened, the Leave vote in 2016 would have been 9.51 percentage points lower and “could have swung the referendum in favour of Remain” #Austerity #Brexit 
Apparently after Brexit you'll be able to go to evening class once a week to do cake decorating, flower arranging or train to be a doctor. 
Next up in the ever growing list of MPs pledging to stand up for the future generations is one of our faves @peterkyle  A @peoplesvote_uk is the only way to solve this Brexit deadlock, & young people will thank the MPs who stood up & were counted #FFS#PeoplesVote 
Top hashtag pushed by Russia1- WeAreCorbyn They are still messing w/ the UK too3- MAGA4- QAnon 5- Brexit 8- Trump10 Fake NewsWhat does it say about the @GOP when a country that is attacking the US, pushes GOP talking points@SenateMajLdr 
It won't matter Tom as we'll all have super duper gonorrhoea by then, as least we won't be able to see the infections as we'll be living in an eternal blackout in a no deal Brexit Britain.  
Why are people behaving as if Mark Carney is some sort of financial Mystic Meg?  In 2016 he said there was the likelihood of an instant recession if Leave won the EU referendum - & later had to eat his own words.   
These three blokes in a pub talk more sense about a no-deal Brexit than anything Jacob Rees-Mogg has ever said. And despite their cheerful tone, it is not looking good: 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been the high priest of project fantasy whose reputation for politically motivated lies about Brexit has damaged the reputation of the conservative party irreparably  
Britain's classical music scene relies heavily on musicians from the E.U. who can come and go with ease. But after Brexit, things look set to change.  
I literally got accosted by a wild gammon at my Wilderness talk. I mentioned that Brexit was potentially a terrible idea for the food industry and he heckled and shouted and was literally impotent with fury. It was quite remarkable to witness, like twitter in real life. 
I love the fact having to rush-qualify doctors after Brexit is presented as some sort of benefit. Like setting the house on fire and then praising yourself for saving on the cleaning.  (via @mrjamesob) 
Surely even Brexiters can acknowledge that before the EU ref, we weren't enemies, there was no 'war' - the only war was in the heads of extremists. Brexit caused this division, it forced us to choose a side - how can anyone argue that was a good thing? #StopBrexit#BrokenBritain 
Glowing endorsement from Femi putting some hours giving people a better understanding of what Brexit means and the ramifications.  
So much for a quiet summer. Barnier has finally butchered the Chequers deal, and with it the British government, prime minister and entire Brexit edifice. My latest on its sad demise   
With almost 200,000 now signing the petition to 'Rescind Art.50 if Vote Leave has broken Electoral Laws regarding 2016 referendum' - the head-in-the-sand response from the government reveals the bunker mentality they've entered into....  
A pretty thorough expert debunking of the idea that WTO rules mean that the EU will be forced to mutually recognise regulations with the UK after Brexit  
I endorse the economy generating enough to support the NHS, emergency services etc. Brexit shows that our economy won't be able to fund those services. 
Britain's credit market has finally begun to take notice of Brexit risks  
Nevertheless, many people agree with him. We cannot think of anything desirable about Brexit. It will clearly do more harm than good.What’s more, 63% of people did not vote for it. Why on earth is this Govt persisting  with it?Waste of time. 
barred from voting due to the 15 year rule but at least I can sign petitions #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal  via @UKChange 
EU citizens. The biggest threat yet to emerge from #Brexit. My favourite TV show, Love Island, is in danger of being cancelled because the UK voted leave. Is nothing sacred? 
Mark Carney, something of a financial expert, tells UK just how bad a No Deal Brexit could be. BBC rush to No Deal's defence and wheel out their own fiscal idiot IDS to ensure that the delicate balance between truth and utter bollocks is maintained. 
"The benefits of Brexit"I recently spent three weeks in hospital, culminating in complex, life-saving heart surgery @RoyalPapworth Hospital, at the hands of highly-skilled doctors. Did I ever think to myself that it would be good if they had received less training? I did not. 
Just think how well off we would be now, if he didn't lower interest rates and issue a cash stimulus just after the referendum result. 
If Brexit leaves you poorer who will you blame? #Brexit #EU #Poll #Retweet #Peoplesvote #Remain #Retweet 
Apparently, some people still think there’s a positive “Brexit dividend”! Let me be clear: yes we stop paying ~£10bn BUT, we lose far more than that in lower GDP, increased red tape, reduced sovereignty and so on. The only Brexit dividend is large and negative. 
EU single market is “their problem, not ours!”"It's very hard to imagine how we could be worse off with all the threats being thrown at us by EU.To me threats smacks of blackmail & I think this is reason why I & so many people voted to Leave #EU”#Brexit 
Chance of a 'no deal' Brexit is "uncomfortably high" - BoE governor Mark Carney.Translation: Prospects of a #WTOBrexit is excitingly high!Let's strip these headlines of remoaner propaganda? 
This will be the same exercise that resulted in the markets crashing, job loses, house price falls and the emergency budget if we voted for brexit? All of which never happened.#ProjectFear 
People in UK where told time and again that the BoE was independent, well one thing our referendum dug out was it is very clearly not. In fact it'd just the mouthpiece of the @cabinetofficeuk which is only 7 Leavers but 20 Remainers. Democracy? Don't make me laugh. 
Leave's answer to a shortage of doctors after Brexit? Underqualified doctors!  
Cambridge law professor Catherine Barnard followed IDS on R4 to explain gently why he was wrong about less than comprehensive WTO rules leaving UK at risk of “chaotic” post Brexit. I wonder if she also knows more about IDS’s chaotic universal credit reform which isn’t EU’s fault 
"How can the RW press coverage of Brexit be so false, when their coverage of Labour is so right, so deliciously, forensically scrupulous?" - me for LBC 
. @Nigel_Farage wanted Brexit to enhance parliamentary sovereignty - but then said the govt should just push it thruTommy Robinson talks about 'British values' but then claims he suffered a sham trial and was sent to UK 'Guantanamo'Their demand is a white Britain. That's it. 
"For Macron, being tough on Brexit is being tough on Le Pen." @B_Judah on the French president's meeting with Theresa May: 
Accounts of anti-semitism in Labour invariably based on examples from social media of anti-jewish hate-speak-which Corbyn has repeatedly condemned.  Saw same in the 2014 referendum when the press hoovered up anti-English comments and blamed Yes.  It's the politics of the smear.  
Mr Carney warned of possible recession if #Brexit vote. That was Project Fear Mark 1. We now have Project Fear Mark 2.  
Science would be especially hard hit if Brexit really happens. No wonder top UK scientists support a referendum on final terms.Young people too support it. They will have a long time to live with the outcome.Please sign the petition. 
Miranda: Let's get something clear, I am against Brexit but people such as yourself who paint it to be something akin to Pol Pot's "Year Zero" are as dangerous as  Jacob Rees Mogg. #Brexit  
Brexit will make it harder for young people to live, learn, work and love on the continent - meaning for the first time, children will have fewer opportunities than their parents had. Help us protect the generational promise. Spread the word. 
“If we don’t deliver Brexit fully, the public will feel betrayed. We’ll lose seats like Mansfield, Moray & many moreChequers isn’t the Brexit we were promised & doesn’t deliver on the ref result. If it isn’t ditched, we’ll pay the price for a generation” 
.@TheEconomist: ‘Brexiteers said that leaving the EU would lead Britain to a land flowing with milk and honey. But as worries of a no-deal Brexit mount, the country is instead talking of hoarding emergency rations’#BrexitReality#ExitFromBrexit#PeoplesVote 
As the world collapses around us, and society crumbles, as Brexit cuts us all down, I will stand atop my sinking house and shout;“THIS WOULDN’T HAVE HAPPENED IF ED MILIBAND WERE PRIME MINISTER!!” 
The wheels on the red bus go round & round. Brexiter misleading half-truths regarding no deal continue.WTO may be feasible but it's devastating, deeply undesirable and only part of the story.No deal adds food shortages, £ devaluation, job losses, no flights to EU etc.#Brexit  
Recommended reading for all kids doing Summer Library challenge (if indeed there is still a public library near you). Essential for post-Brexit generation  
This is petulant David Banks of Veterans for Britain paying his @ElectoralCommUK fine.....pity they didn't investigate him a little further....at Imaginexit.....perhaps others agencies will.....maybe not as petulant next time.... 
People who have never been poor just don’t understand a tariff increases the price. Your food shopping goes up by 15-20% that you don’t have.You lose your job and everything costs more and your benefit doesn’t come close to covering the ever increasing gap. That is Brexit. 
From austerity, to Brexit, to economic collapse. That is the story of how the Conservatives have crippled the country over consecutive parliamentary terms and now the details have been exposed in full in a damning new study.#BrexitisBonkers #PeoplesVote 
I and @ROMurchu want Irish citizens in the North and overseas to have a vote in Presidential elections. In May 2019 a referendum will be held on extending the franchise. The campaign to win this ref needs wide support from cultural, sporting, language farming &business groups  
Foodbank use soars during the summer holidays as struggling parents suddenly have to find extra money to feed their kids at home during the week. What kind of morally bankrupt govt. proceeds with Brexit when children are starving on our streets? #RESIST #StopBrexit 
"It's not rocket science" to come up with an aviation agreement with the EU for after #Brexit - says British Airways chief Willie Walsh,dismissing remoaner scaremongering over #WTOBrexit.Indeed, it's not rocket science, it's plane common sense? 
We loathe Scottish Nationalism (SNP)  & are saying NO to another referendum on independence . I am looking to connect with others who agree Please:1 Like2 Retweet3 FollowI will follow back Copy this tweet to your own. #Savetheunion#notoindy#nicolagetstuffed 
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then Brexit must be stopped  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Boris is topping the polls amongst Conservative members for the leadership. We need a Brexit Prime Minister, and someone who will uphold the positive and outward looking Global Britain vision. 
Let me speak slowly, so you can understand. And I'll place it in capitals so you can see it clearly.WE HAVE NOT ENACTED THE REFERENDUM YET. YOU ARE SUBVERTING THE RESULT AND DEMANDING A SECOND VOTE BECAUSE YOU DO NOT LIKE THE OUTCOME. THAT IS A DISGRACE.Hope that helps. x  
Final push - we've reached £600 of a £700 target! The stickers will have a #PeoplesVote tag on them. Let's show Parliament what we think of Brexit! @peoplesvote_uk @BestForBritain 
Two years after Brexit and the US election, lawmakers in Britain and the United States are heading toward similar conclusions on what to do about the problems at the intersection of technology, media and democracy- my latest for @just_security 
You think Brexit is going badly?No. Brexit is going neither worse nor better than it was ever going to. There is only one outcome from wilfully putting barriers between yourself and your biggest trading partner.There is no good way to fuck yourself over. 
I'm afraid that my concerns over BBC's use of Kassam, Breitbart, Guido and its failure to report the legal facts (not allegations)  about Brexit cheating is shared by many senior journos and former BBC execs. 
Brexit: Theresa May and Emmanuel Macron set to hold talks  
Every time I assume that the quality of post-Brexit political debate in the UK must have reached rock bottom, I find myself proved wrong. To 'adequate food supplies', it seems that less well-qualified doctors can now be added in the 'Brexit dividend' column.  
Why Brexiters will keep losing theirand lying;•impossibility of turning an imagined past into a functioning, legal, global present•conundrum of wanting Brexit to be as simple as the soundbites, when that just cannot be.Thanks @CakeWatchCast @GuitarMoog @EmporersNewC 
The chief executive of airline group IAG tells Sky News Business that he expects no outward changes to how its planes run after Britain leaves the EU.For the latest business news on Brexit head here:  
Not to mention the huge drop in public finances a No Deal scenario, and even a negotiated Brexit, would bring. We are 100,000 staff short in the NHS right now, and that has very little to do with Brexit, and alot to do with 8 years of Tory govt. /13 
Dietrich Bonhoeffer advises from the past about Brexit:"If you get on the wrong train, running down the aisle backward is not a solution. You have to get off the train." 
Walking away is an insanely stupid idea. #Brexit  
So would you rather believe the Governor of the Bank of England warning of dire economic consequences of a no deal Brexit - or Iain Duncan Smith, who says (defying all facts and evidence) that all would be fine? That is the Brexit debate in a nutshell 
It’s tragic to watch what’s happening in England right now. Especially what they did to #TommyRobinson. They wanted him killed. The British government has become a tyrannical. What the h*ll are they doing with #Brexit?! It’s what the PEOPLE want, voted and WON! 
It's funny that the people who drone on about project fear are so fearful of a second referendum based in reality (as opposed to the one driven by illegality and fraudulent claims). There is no way the UK would vote to leave now, let alone a #FlounceOutBrexit 
A no deal #Brexit will destroy the British fishing insustry. No point catching all your own fish if you've lost your prime export markets. 
Carney has apparently revealed BoE recently ran a Brexit no deal exercise that saw property prices plummet by a third, interest rates go up to 4%, unemployment up to 9% & a full blown recession.Tory MP Charlie Elphicke says British Spirit Will Make No-Deal Brexit a Success though 
“Tory MP Charlie Elphicke says British spirit will make no-deal Brexit a  success. Well that’s all right then, I was starting to worry.”  
So only Leave broke electoral law at the referendum. What does that say about outcome?  
"Britain has spoken and now it is for Government and Parliament to respect the result of the referendum and carry forward the instruction to take us out of the European Union."  
“Brexit is set to betray working people, which is why our union backs The Independent's campaign for a Final Say” Manuel Cortes  
The two will have a private dinner together on Friday night, with Brexit negotiations top of the agenda, as Mrs May continues a tour of selling her blueprint directly to European leaders  
Don’t believe the scaremongering, we use WTO rules with much of the world including USA our biggest trading partner.  WTO enables the full Brexit we voted for and a great stepping stone to future FTAs..  
Niece: Ok I’ll be the doctor nowMe: Ok, my arm hurtsNiece: Gets out tendon hammer and bonks me on the noseMe: Thanks, feel better now The health ministers are right... we can train doctors in less time after Brexit. They’ll be as good as my niece. 
Certain people are getting angry with me saying a no-deal Brexit would amount to a #FlounceOutBrexit. I'd hate to upset Brexshitter nationalists so PLEASE don't USE THE HASHTAG #FlounceOutBrexit 
Coverage of Bank of England Governor’s comments on a No Deal #Brexit on 1pm BBC1 newsComments from Tory Hard Brexit extremists: 3 (1 from from Bone and 2 from Duncan-Smith)Comments from anyone else with another view or to challenge the lies from Bone and IDS: 0#BBCBias 
I find this @Telegraph story today the most bewildering story of #Brexit vs  #NHS yet. Will Brexit solve staff shortages? @SteveBarclay says yes. The facts say otherwise. /thread. 
Iain Duncan Smith has been campaigning for Brexit for decades.He still knows nothing.It's only complicated for your audience because Duncan Smith is lying.#wato 
How much more humiliation can we take?  When is May going to stop begging European leaders to back her sell-out plan and start leading us to the Brexit we voted for?  We don’t want the pathetic Chequers deal. We want the real deal.   
“Am I the only one who despairs at the sight of the Prime Minister trailing around Europe begging its leaders to back her version of Brexit? For goodness sake dear, just tell ’em to take it or leave it” Ann Widdecombe No Ann, no #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
We've campaigned for #Brexit since the earliest days of Ukip. Brexit cannot come soon enough - but there's nothing good about a Brexit that sees ports jammed, shortages and grounded flights. Who does that help? What does it improve? 
Astonishingly good coverage of Brexit on @BBCNews at One today. Few viewers could be left in any doubt about the dangers of a hard Brexit. Credit where it's due! 
BBC today roll out Iain Duncan-Smith and Peter Bone to try to discredit the comments by the Governor of the Bank of England. The BBC just don’t know when to call a halt to the attack on experts. Shameful Brexit supporting BBC. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Vote Leave broke electoral law in 2016. Proven. You are a paid member of the opposition, are you not? Then I look forward to hearing how you are unable to accept THAT marginal result in an ADVISORY referendum, that is vehemently against the will of your constituents very soon. 
These vintage-style anti-Brexit posters are absolutely amazing. Print 'em for free and post 'em.  
London, the Murder Capital of Britain, brought to you by Mr @SadiqKhan. Crime is spiralling out of control but the London Mayor cares more about abusive tweets, derailing Brexit and protesting @POTUS to do anything about it! Support us at  
I'm currently working on a series of vintage-style anti-Brexit posters. Feel free to use these to help #StopBrexit@albawhitewolf@mikegalsworthy@sazmeister88@SODEMAction@BHforEU@MarieAnnUK@RemainiacsCastHigh-res copies can be downloaded from 
There is something comic in hearing Brexit’s Iain Duncan Smith & Peter Bonehead saying Carney “doesn’t understand” that UK trading on WTO terms means no such thing as a “no deal” with EU. Who knew !!  
Yes but Rachel the country’s had enough of experts as Govey said so we really want untrained doctors post Brexit. Much safer. Rename it the National Unicorn Service for sick people  
BREAKING: Gatwick airport has been confirmed as the UK's central warehouse to stockpile all the tinned meat and medicine after a #HardBrexitTheresa May told reporters: "We won't need the airport for any flights after Brexit, plus it's got loads of room to put all the spam in"  
Simply put, Putin has played a masterstroke and won the 3rd world war without a shot being fired- Trump & Brexit are from the same operation, have the US & the UK utterly divided and fighting internally whilst weakening NATO- read 'Alternative War' by James Patrick- chilling. 
#BREAKING Carney reveals the BoE recently ran a #brexit no deal exercise that saw property prices plummet by a third, interest rates go up to 4%, unemployment up to 9%, and a full blown recession. PROPERTY DOWN BY 1/3RD? @ScotTories our voters will never forgive us. 
Some worrying details about how businesses are preparing for Brexit have emerged in a recent survey for the Institute of Directors  
Philip Hammond increasingly appears to be in the pocket of tax-avoiding corporates, pushing their anti-Brexit agenda while not bothering to chase them for a fair contribution to our country despite its lucrative consumer market making them billions.  
After #Brexit, Britain will no longer see Spanish omlettes on the menu. Outside of the single market and customs union, the Brits will be unable to source eggs from Spanish chickens. This will leave them with only regular British omlettes, which of course are completely different  
Head of Armed Forces'there hasn't been any request yet as far as I'm aware" for the Army to  deliver food, medicines and fuel in the event of a no-deal Brexit.'More Remoaner scaremongering debunked!Fight the forces of darkness! Fight the enemies of democracy!Viva Brexit! 
If SA is going to be governed by referendum, same-sex marriage & abortion would be banned and the death penalty reinstated 
Experts have been warning that Brexit could weaken public finances, leaving public services, jobs, and more under threat. The best way to stand up for the many and avoid this Brexit mess is by giving the people a final say on the deal, and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
We have heard this all before ........   Mark Carney DOOMSDAY scenario: No deal Brexit could cause house prices to PLUMMET by THIRD  
The Bank of England governor Mark Carney says a no-deal Brexit will mean higher prices and “disruption to trade as we know it”, in a stark warning of the impact on the country. Is it time to start listening to the experts? #RenewParty  
Hi @BBCNews @SkyNews @itvnews @Channel4News This morning I had a great call with a journalist from a French National TV current affairs show. They are going to include feature on regretful leavers who are #remainernow as part of a #brexit broadcast.Feel free to do the same.  
This SUPERB letter appeared in our local paper @hertsad today.I recommend EVERYBODY adapts it and emails/sends to their own MP.We HAVE to counter the #Leave campaign lies, the growing influence of #ReesMogg & his fascists and together stop a #nodealbrexit #brexit #stopbrexit 
The EU can soften on Theresa May's Brexit all they like. Her Brexit is not the Brexit I voted for. May is surrendering UK Independence to placate the new World order, big business, & the establishment supported by a compliant media. But she forgot the 17.4m. Not acceptable. 
Why the @TSSAunion trade union is backing a referendum on the actual #Brexit deal, as explained by its General Secretary Manuel Cortes  @Manuel_TSSA : 
Damning new study reveals that the withdrawal of welfare in poor areas allowed the Vote Leave campaign to “exploit” underlying worries about EU immigration and claims that billions were being spent on Brussels rather than at home in Britain  #Brexit 
Twitter has become a bitter disappointment to me. I glance at it every day but never see the Tweets I'm waiting for. These are 1) Trump arrested. 2) Brexit Cancelled. 3) Scientifically literate adult put in charge of global response to Climate Change. 
May is essentially pleading with Macron to help soften the EU's Brexit approach. Weird fact: In 1956 France asked to join the commonwealth and have the Queen as their head of state.The UK declined the offer and France joined what is now the EU. How times change... 
“British spirit” built our world-leading universities, science, institutions & businesses... which overwhelmingly say Brexit is wank.  
Give me some ideas for a tweet about what Britain will run out of after Brexit. I need it to be really outrageous. I've already done Black Forest gateau and paperclips. Any thoughts? 
Heartbreaking, eloquent and authentic thread. Love our Polish friends and furious at the abuse dished out to them as a direct Brexit consequence.#peoplesvote 
Yesterday, I tweeted a lot about the importance of the Withdrawal Agreement. Today, we see that it really is going to enshrine Remain and that it's near agreement. May has screwed us. Last days of #Brexit  
Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane: “If you look at how the consumer performed during the course of the last year it’s almost as though the referendum had not taken place… Maybe some of the scarier stories politically will be seen to be just that – scare stories.”  
I am going to post this every day until Mark Carney shuts TFU.Brexit will not cause UK trade 'disruption' - WTO boss  
The Conservatives are in crisis over austerity, not just Brexit.  
'Brexit is set to betray working people, so I back a Final Say'  
#Mark_Carney Governor, Bank of England warns the likelihood of crashing out of EU with a #No_Deal_Brexit is "uncomfortably high".Call #indyref2_2019 and launch YES campaign immediately, #Nicola - further delay could be extremely damaging for Scotland. 
I dare anyone to read this and NOT feel justifiably LIVIDUnless someone sticks this under the noses of people with Socialist' interests with clout .. were done as a countrySo enough skirting round this. ACT!Brexit: The Great Con That Will Ruin Britain   
Brexit trade deal? Minister reveals New Zealand 'very keen' for HUGE free trade agreement  
Top British scientists back call for a referendum on Brexit deal  
Getting ready for Brexit here in Fife  
EEA membership does not solve Britain’s Brexit dilemma  via @CapX 
The City’s resilience after Brexit could be bad news for the EU  
That'll be me! ‘Britain should just WALK AWAY from EU!’ Defiant academic celebrates no deal Brexit chance  
remember the Palin film (jabberwocky?) 1st peasant "sir last week I was so hungry I ate 3 toes off my left foot" 2nd peasant "that's not your left foot that;s your right foot" 1st peasant " how do you know, are you some sort of Doctor?" welcome to new brexit Britain standards 
Some on here are under the mistaken impression that the Brexit argument is a kind of gentleman's disagreement, or misunderstanding. I'm here to tell you that it isn't. It's a very nasty business indeed and the architects of Brexit aren't idealists, but cruel crooked bastards. 
The PM @theresa_may spoke to @JunckerEU about global trade and #Brexit by phone this morning. Some holiday this is turning out to be. Although I know the feeling... 
Bloody EU red tape. Forcing doctors to spend years in training before performing life-threatening surgery on patients.If we end up going through with Brexit, please remind me not to get ill. 
“I strongly believe the prevailing mood of the British people on the EU is sound. They do not believe it's a paradise, but are now persuaded that the current Tory alternative – a Brexit departure – represents a clear and present danger.” @Manuel_TSSA 
Mark Carney on Today R4:Despite pumping in 70bn to the economy post the Brexit vote, the economy is 1.75% - 2% down on where is should be had the Brexit vote not happenedNot seeing this on any of the news websites this morning 
‘Britain should just WALK AWAY from EU!’ Defiant academic celebrates no deal Brexit chance  
Christian Adams on Emmanuel Macron not allowing Theresa May to bypass Brussels over Brexit- Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
BoE Carney said today " We stress tested banks with the sort of shock that could come from a hard Brexit. House values down by 33%+.Interest rates up by 4%.9% unemployment.4% Economic recession.I don't remember "Lose a third of your house's value" on the big red bus. 
What Britain doesn't seem to have grasped is that Brexit was financed on the never-never from an unknown source. The country is changing its constitution forever on the back of a set of mystery "loans" procured by a self-admitted liar. I mean tin-pot doesn't even cover this.  
No Deal WTO British exports risen 3 TIMES faster than EU trade!2.9% UP - British exports to 111 countries with No Deal WTO trade0.9% - EU trade!WTO rules is 'very best' option for UK & 'no evidence EU membership has boosted economic growth.'#Brexit #EU 
Voters got it right the first time. So did #SarahWollaston earlier this year when she said talk of a second #referendum "would just encourage the #EuropeanUnion to give us the worst possible deal." Shame she's forgotten about that...  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC 
Today is clearly the official ‘DOWN WITH BREXIT DAY!’ , starting with Governor Mark Carney talking hawkishly to BBC’S John Humphrys about his reservations, followed by Sir Nick Clegg’s downbeat BREXIT lecture with full coverage by BBC. Where is the Government positive response? 
This is a good quote. @Arron_banks says the money for Brexit came from his "personal finances" into which "nobody has any insight". Yep.  
Bizarre Murdoch private sector media seemingly is giving better coverage to Brexit downside than BBC public service broadcaster whose independence and impartiality guaranteed by Charter.  
'Brexit is set to betray working people’ - spot on from Manuel Cortes  
Farage right again.    He would say that' Farage fury after Mandelson SLATES Brexit while waiting for EU pension  
On this story re the Environment Secretary, it is worth noting that it would be consistent with his repeated referendum promise to keep the UK in “a free trade zone that stretches from Turkey [customs union with EU] to Iceland [EEA]”  
“Voters might have forgiven May had she tried to secure a proper #Brexit, but she never intended to. Failure is one thing, but betrayal is another matter.This cannot go on, it really cannot. It’s obvious to me: it has to be Boris” #BackBoris4Brexit 
Brexit is ONLY the 'will' of Brexiters, and NOT the 'people'. Brexiters ONLY fight for themselves - their 'wants' and 'desires'. Remainers fight for the country, for its prosperity and security, and ultimately the rights of EVERYBODY residing in it, even Brexiters. #PeoplesVote 
Mark Carney says risk of a no-deal Brexit is 'uncomfortably high' | Business | The Guardian  
Please stop spouting propaganda. Brexit will destroy the NHS. The British Medical Asoociation & Royal College of Nurses speak out vociferously against Brexit. Less training for our underpaid & overworked NHS is not something to laud. 10,000 skilled EU NHS staff gone in 1 yr.  
Mark Carney, governor of the Bank of England, says the chances of a Brexit no deal is "uncomfortably high,” and that such an outcome is "highly undesirable" #r4Today 
The statistics show that the number of EU27 citizens leaving has risen since the referendum. So it isn't anecdotal:  
We must stop Bannon in his tracks - time to end #Brexit!   
Another Brexit dividend.  
FINALLY! The Brexit Dividend reveals itself! 
The telegraph has finally come up with a compelling BREXIT dividend.  
entirely to....er....Brexit! If they’re now plumbing the alarmist depths of M&S Sandwiches the Establishment Elite must be really worried! 
STOP PRESS! Evidently Paris won’t be able to enjoy timely deliveries of the great M&S sandwich because of ........Brexit. In further developments, it’s been announced that a plague of frogs will hit us on 30th March next year swiftly followed by death of the first born due 
Reading the terrible and truly shameful replies to this tweet about my friend Alexander Menden and his family’s departure from the UK because of Brexit, makes me sick. Everyone keeps saying that the UK isn’t like this. That it’s only a minority. So where’s the majority then?  
You really are scraping the bottom of the barrel to find those Brexit dividends aren’t you? Yeah let’s have less well trained doctors who don’t know what they’re doing! Now that’s what I call taking back control! Oh I feel a meme coming on....  
There is a way out of this madness. We could give the final say on the Brexit terms to the British people, with the option to stay in the EU.If you think the people should have the final say, add your name and share:  
Mark Carney: 'The [UK] labour market is strong. Unemployment is at 42-year-low.Pay growth has picked up in recent years...'Note to Carney: Companies don't take on new staff & add to payroll costs unless they have confidence in the future.#Brexit #EU 
SCAREMONGERING: Mark Carney warns risk of No Deal Brexit is 'uncomfortably high'.Project Fear Mark 2 is in full swing. 
Even if only half as bad don't remember the Brexiteers ever mentioning this risk as part of the post Brexit promised land of a global independent totally sovereign Britain with a huge financial dividend to be spent on the NHS.  
"We're into Phase 2 of scaremongering" says @UKIP's @MargotLJParker as study links austerity policies to increased support for #Brexit.  
Sarah Sands rightly says that Today is struggling with hyper-partisanship. But I'm trying to think of a major Brexit story it has broken, compared to the FT, Telegraph, Sky News. Can't think of anything. 
Imagine having no faith in politics for years, voting in the EU referendum because you thought that vote would mean something, only to discover the official campaign, fronted by cabinet ministers, had so little respect for democracy that it broke the law  
SHARE: A new study from the University of Warwick has found a direct link between austerity and the Brexit vote. Sadly, the government's plans won't solve leave voters' concerns, it will make them drastically worse. That's why we need a #peoplesvote. 
Believe I am on same train as @faisalislam from London to Shrewsbury and have sent direct message to him asking why his reporting of #Brexit is so negative and biased. He clearly does not  want the peoples’ decision to stand 
'What do you think are the chances that there won't be a deal between Britain and the EU?'The former UK ambassador to France talks about the impact a 'no deal Brexit' would have. For more on this story, head here:  
The EU has sold itself as indispensable to the prosperity of the continent. But the UK is about to demonstrate that is not actually the case:  #Brexit 
When talking to people you disagree with about Brexit... be more Alison Moyet & Claire   
Fantastic and great to see pro Brexit nutters and fantasists, Jenkyns and Barclay defending the benefits of cutting corners on medical training. Doctors could qualify more quickly to make up for the shortages Brexit causes.Twilight zone mad now. pic.twitter.com/T0mxrIsf7T 
We see the disparity in income between the Republic and N. Ireland is huge but switch attention to Cornwall for comparison and it's catastrophic. #EU support keeps Cornwall afloat but Brexit will bring the county to it's knees.  
David Mundell: New Zealand are really positive about signing a Free Trade agreement with UK.What we CAN do in a trade arrangement with New Zealand that we CANNOT under #EU is to have bespoke & specific trading arrangements between UK & New Zealand#Brexit 
In place of Brexiteer's continued attacks on Mark Carney, he should be their hero. He averted their post-vote disaster when he pumped £70bn into the economy and made £250bn available to banks - now they're attacking his forecasts again - #ungrateful pic.twitter.com/cocKdRTnhQ 
'Brexit is set to betray working people - which is why our union backs The Independent's Final Say campaign'  
Brits now rank second (after Turks) in acquiring German citizenship. This #Brexit refugee proudly presents his naturalization test results. So much for British patriotism. #whatwouldchurchillthink 
.@SteveBarclay claims #brexit advantages include Doctors qualifying quicker. Less training and knowledge doesn't seem like an advantage when it comes to healthcare. Clear we need a #PeoplesVote to give the public control of the final deal: 
Mark Carney says risk of a no-deal Brexit is 'uncomfortably high'  
Carney - presumably demob happy - managed to slip out the uncomfortable truth that the UK economy has gone from being the fastest growing in Europe to the slowest since the Brexit referendum despite massive intervention by BoE and Treasury to stimulate growth.Humphrys: Silence. 
Brexit not all bad then...  
2016 May “There will be no attempts to remain inside the EU”2018 May’s #Brexit plan sees: People Movement ECJ interference and forced acceptance of regulations Customs integration Ongoing paymentsTalk about playing both sides #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
We’ve lost our ability to be shocked by Brexit Carney also said that UK Growth was 2% down as a result of 2016. 2% is around £50 bn a year.  
Here's an analogy:You're on trial.Judge accepts a 7-5 jury verdict of guilty and you are sentenced.On way to jail it is found that the prosecution lied and acted contrary to judicial law.Apparently half of the country would not want a retrial in these circumstances #BREXIT 
No Deal Brexit = Economic Suicide (Carney: "the clue is in the adjectives disorderly and cliff edge") Still unclear? That means a VAST escalation in poverty, hitting public services, children, families & the vulnerable. Brexit is entirely corrupt & indefensible. #StopBrexit 
Top scientists from across the UK calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
I’ve always been anti-Brexit but now I see it will allow us to be operated on by doctors who’ve qualified after a quick two-week summer course, I realise I was wrong. 
Theresa May is wasting time trying to curry Brexit favour with EU leaders, claims former ambassador to France 
Guys, I am just about to spend one week at a family reunion, where there will be two ardent Brexit supporters. All set in the beautiful, yet confined, settings of a small West of Ireland town. Quite literally nowhere to hide.Pray for me.#BrexitProblems 
The future of medicine in the UK after #brexit according to @leaveEUOfficial 
Mark Carney - Harvard & Oxford educated economist, Bank of England governor - warns a no deal Brexit is "highly undesirable" and the chances of it happening are "uncomfortably high"But BarryEnglandFirst4428501 says he's just another remoaner snowflake, so let's carry on. 
When the dust settles on Brexit we have a lot of deep swamps to drain:> HoC> HoL> The BBC & MSM> Channel 4> Foreign meddlers in democracy> Traitors to Britain> The Electoral Commission> Ofcom> The EU> City Mayors> Local Government> Electoral fraud> The Labour Party 
Crucial point here: Scenario 1: Brexit is stopped - riots potentially break out due to small number of idiotic fascists who will soon get bored and give upScenario 2: Brexit happens and the entire country riots due to permanent food, medicine , Energy, Money etc shortages 
This would be the same BoE that ran an exercise before the referendum where the pound plummeted and before manufacturers could get the benefit the country started suffering inflationary pressures.  
Make life harder for people through homegrown policies, blame it on immigrants and the EU, you get yourself a Brexit.  
Unbelievable. You're actually cheering the idea of dumbing down doctors and reducing patient safety as if it's a good thing, simply because you're so locked into your "everything Brexit is great" ideological tunnel.Pathetic and terrifying at the same time. 
WATCH: Mark Carney, Bank of England Governor, issues his strongest warning yet on the risk of a 'no deal' Brexit, calling it 'highly undesirable'.The threat of a 'no deal' Brexit is rising because Theresa May’s Brexit plan satisfies nobody. Please RT:  
How many EU doctors are currently anticipated to be leaving in view of #Brexit?What will be undertaken to recruit here?Are the medical schools raising capacity?Why is GP cover on out-of-hours services struggling currently?#WhyAreYouSoInept? 
The pound has dropped back below $1.30 after the Bank of England's governor said there was an 'uncomfortably high' risk of a no-deal Brexit  
Don’t you ever shut up trying to derail Brexit. 17 million voted leave the EU we’re leaving, get it through your thick skull. Conservative Party dont deliver Brexit your party finished for years.Thanks to you, get behind your party stop crying  about Brexit. For one day FFS. 
We could probably also shorten an airline pilot’s training to 4 weeks, and nurses could just do a half day distance learning package in lieu of training. I’m sure you’d love your family to be treated by a junior who’d done LESS training than their predecessors. But yay Brexit! 
[hospital]“JESUS CHRIST HE’S BLEEDING OUT”“Nothing we can do, didn’t get to the page on bleeding”“SOMEBODY DO SOMETHING”“Calm down, spouse. The shortened training is actually a benefit of Brexit.”  
Brexit trade deal? Minister reveals New Zealand 'very keen' for huge free trade agreement   
Mark Carney claims "no deal" #Brexit "highly undesirable", presumably favouring disastrous Chequers proposals. But a case of "wolf, wolf" - few will listen.  
‘Clean Brexit’Why leaving the EU still makes sense is now out in paperback Via ⁦@BitebackPub⁩Updated foreword  ⁦@GiselaStuart⁩Updated afterword ⁦@Jacob_Rees_Mogg⁩Co-authors ⁦@LiamHalligan⁩ & myself. pic.twitter.com/BNRY6KyPt4 
This can't be shared enough.  Once again people are spreading rumours & speculation about goods being halted at Dover etc. with a 'hard Brexit'.  In 2016 the Head of the WTO stated that there would be no "vacuum or a disruption".  #ProjectPositive 
No amount of snapping and yapping by John Humphrys could suppress Mark Carney's message that a No Deal #Brexit would be a disaster for Britain and that the chance of this happening is "uncomfortably high".Carney is no sensationalist.His message is calm & clear.Hear it Britain. 
We live in a crazy world. Sky news covers the reality of #Brexit impact statements while the BBC buries it. BBC Today gives an unchallenged platform to Yaxley Lennon's odious far right campaign, the Sun tells us the truth How did the BBC move to the right of Murdoch?  
NHS post Brexit:Broke, no meds & with undertrained docs.   
There is no such things as a “No Deal” Brexit. If he means WTO terms Brexit then he is contradicted by Head of WTO  
Final Say: Top British scientists back The Independent’s call for a referendum on Brexit deal  
Another example of the stream of wantonly negligent and self-serving narrative from myopic ideologues who, not only lie and misinform but also ran an illegal Referendum campaign. The damage you're causing future generations will never be forgotten ...  
German MP Till Backhaus has appealed to Merkel’s government over fears their fishing industry will not be allowed access to the British North Sea waters after Brexit. 
At last some positive news about Brexit.  
Even here in Australia there are reminders of Brexit everywhere.  
They know Brexit is a disaster for the NHS. That’s why you’re starting to see these desperate (and dangerous) arguments.   
Top British scientists back The Independent’s call for a referendum on Brexit deal - The Independent  
Cripes - you should have said that from the beginning! Leave = undertrained doctors. That would have won you the referendum by a landslide! 
I guess you and your supporters will be first in the queue to be operated on by the first post-Brexit cohort then. 
BREAKING Bank of England Governor Mark Carney warns risk of No Deal Brexit is 'uncomfortably high'  
Your daily reminder @vote_leave broke the law and cheated during the #Brexit referendum. Meanwhile Leave EU appear to have been illegally funded from overseas.  
My Whitehall friends say Philip Hammond is ‘so inert he wishes he didn’t have to do a Budget at all this autumn.’ He is also ‘rabid about the deficit’ & wants to further slash infrastructure investment. Brexit dividend 
You had your chance before the referendum Mark Carney and people didn't buy your establishment crap then and don't now. As a clairvoyant you're pretty awful.  
You’ll have had your devolution. @joycemcm , a leading figure in the creation of the Scottish parliament in the 90s, explains how Brexit turned the clock back.   
Well,well here is a surprise..... NOT!!!! Electoral Commission rules out probe into shadowy Brexit donations to the DUP  
Amazing to think the U.K. will be cut off from countries wanting to export food and medicines to us North Korea style. There is a reason that you were the only MP to email us and ask for a leaflet on Brexit questions !  
Soft Brexit: four years of trainingHard Brexit: two years of trainingNo deal: a Grey’s Anatomy DVD box set and Dr Oz reruns  
Carney: No-deal Brexit 'highly undesirable'  
Fascinating, if not depressing, that this has to be spelled out to the UK. Macron has been clear from the start that he has subcontracted negotiations to Barnier. Lots for FR and UK to talk about. But he won’t be peeled away on Brexit  
Bank of England boss Mark Carney warns no-deal Brexit will mean higher prices and 'disruption to trade as we know it'  
Exactly what we need. Thousands of undertrained and under qualified Doctors.But at least they’re BRITISH!! The @GMCUK really need to step up and protect patients, and the wider profession, from this hairbrained idea - the latest in a long line from the Brexit fruitcakes.  
“The next leader must break away from the risk-averse managerialism that plagues our politics. Leave voters are horrified at Theresa May treating Brexit as a damage-control exercise, not an opportunity.” 
The NFU(National Farmers Union) says a no deal #Brexit will be armageddon for UK farming. If we want to continue to see British soft fruit on our supermarket shelves continued access to migrant labour is crucial.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
We loathe Scottish Nationalism (SNP)  & are saying NO to another referendum on independence . I am looking to connect with others who agree Please:1 Like2 Retweet3 FollowI will follow back Copy this tweet to your own. #Savetheunion#notoindy#nicolagetstuffed 
Carney also refuses to say the 21 month transition period will be long enough to adjust the economy for Brexit. Instead: “We’ll take the two years. We’ll make it enough”. 
BREAKING: Pound falls below $1.30 after Mark Carney says the chance of a no-deal Brexit is "uncomfortably high"  #r4today 
3/3 Fact: the majority of people eligible to vote in #EU Referendum did NOT vote #Leave.                         13 million ppl didn’t vote     16 million voted Remain     17 million voted Leave - a huge number but it cannot & should not be described as “the will of the people” 
Prof Patrick Minford's clear summary of the improving economy and how the "opening of the economy to free trade and better regulation via Brexit should boost productivity and further strengthen the budget"  @Econs4FreeTrade 
Blimey. Carney reveals the BoE recently ran a Brexit no deal exercise that saw property prices plummet by a third, interest rates go up to 4%, unemployment up to 9%, and a full blown recession. 
Young people are likely to be the most affected by #Brexit. They should be leading the push for a #PeoplesVote to take control of their futures: 
Humphreys now telling Carney that he was wrong that if UK voted for Brexit economy would be badly hit. He wasn’t. UK has gone from fast growing western economy to slowest. Why does Humphreys not know that?  
Having Bank of England explain, slowly, to John Humphreys why a no deal Brexit is a disaster is grimly fascinating. Never heard him so quiet #r4today 
Wow quite an intervention from Bank of England Governor Mark Carney on #R4Today saying the likelihood of a no deal #Brexit is currently "uncomfortably high" and a "highly undesirable" prospect. @Euronews 
I'am sure Mark Carney is a great Governor.  However I do not really understand his monetary policy strategy.  He's worried about BREXIT believing 'NO DEAL' is possible - yet rates go up as the economy is robust - wage inflation, growth & consumer borrowing - perplexed from Fulham 
As a fervent, frothing Remoaner, one motivation for me opposing Brexit is that it will worsen the austerity that led ppl to vote Leave in the 1st place. It's the perfect fuel for societal division. Want a better society? Stopping Brexit is only 1 step, but an urgent one now. 
The big, stonking elephant in the room in Mark Carney's #r4today interview is that the UK economy has gone from the fastest growing in the G7 in 2014 to the slowest since the brexit vote. 
Why am I not reassured that govt is thinking of enabling some doctors to qualify in three years to make up the numbers post-Brexit? 
The prime minister has proposed a half-in, half-out plan for a hard Brexit that has pleased no one, least of all the electorate. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My @Independent column: 
If you voted #Brexit, you may not have realised it would embolden fascists & racists everywhere. Since 2016, we've seen them crawl out of the woodwork & start to poison the UK, Europe & the USA. If you hate #racism & #fascism, it's time to fight back & call for a #PeoplesVote. 
Andrea the only reason you think this is a good idea is because you know that brexit will cause a real shortage of doctors and health workers within the NHS, your & many of your colleagues willingness to sacrifice the wellbeing of our nation is scary and shameful. 
This isn’t just happening alongside Brexit. It is a prime CAUSE of Brexit  
Fancy some holiday reading on the details of the #Brexitchaos, sector by sector, issue by issue?Then try my #Brexit Briefings: 
Barnier again rejects the UK's #Brexit proposal, warning it poses a threat to the future of the EU's single marketIt is time now for May to stop being stubborn and to offer David Davis's alternative plan or to say No Deal via @MailOnline 
More #Brexit reality that was not on the side of the bus. We need a #PeoplesVote before imposing this kind of chaos & cost on families & our NHS. 
Why are Brexiteers shouting about Amazon UK paying less tax? Brexiteers' Brexit little gods like Jacob Rees-Mogg, Daniel Hannan and friends want the UK to be a tax haven. When will Leave voters understand that they can't have their cake and eat it? 
Brexit whining really does need to be exposed for what it is. We should not be willing to settle for ‘vassalage, satrapy and colonial status’ - in the words of Boris - just to please those complacent and protectionist institutions in the City of London.  
Remarkably, The Independent was given full access to the Brexit crisis meeting between May and Macron which has not yet happened. The full transcript is here.  
On Brexit, voters got it RIGHT THE FIRST TIME. So did Sarah Wollaston when she said she would "strongly oppose" a referendum re-run "because Britain has already delivered its verdict."  
Apart from Cameron disappearing into the sunset, all the reasons you voted for #Brexit will still be there, most of the reasons will get even worse. You'll gain nothing tangible, you'll lose like we all will. You've been played by the Brexeratti. Don't let them win, #PeoplesVote 
Sobering for #Brexiteers to read the Irish take on this as opposed to what looks like @GovUK  over optimism about splits in #EU27 ...Macron and May to discuss Brexit at president’s summer residence  
So far as I can see this is a coup.The law was broken. The Venice commission applies. The referendum result should be voided. A50 withdrawn.Rerun it if you will. But the original can not stand. What happens now when the UK is no longer a democracy?  
The number of new EU nurses coming to Britain has gone from over 1000 per month (prior to the EU referendum) to almost 0 (since the EU referendum).The NHS now has a shortfall of 40,000 nurses, costing almost £1.5bn a year on temporary nurses to plug the rota gaps.#Brexit  
Husband is Flemish. Even with that ridiculous lie, last indyref he voted Yes because he believes Scotland, his chosen home, should be free. And now? His Belgian paid disability ends, with Brexit. Zero income. Our family splits. WM has done this. English voters have done this.  
- EU nurses registering to work in NHS fell by 87% post EU ref - numbers have flatlined with few now joining NHS - NHS already 40,000 nurses short - experienced doctors leaving - NHS 10,000 doctors down Someone, anyone - tell me how Brexit is going to be good for your NHS? 
Our government should focus on the opportunities of #Brexit - not on kowtowing to BrusselsOutside of the EU we can reach a bespoke trade arrangement with New Zealand and other non-EU countries We cannot do so inside the EU We must also #ChuckChequers 
Boss of @British_Airways Willie Walsh dismisses fears over Brexit, saying on @BBCr4today “it’s not rocket science” to set up a comprehensive air agreement with EU - good Irish sense in contrast to the hysteria of Varadkar 
Any MP still respecting the EU referendum result seems to be respecting fraudsters and law breakers.How is that statement incorrect? 
So now it’s apparently the EU’s fault that doctors have to train 5 years at med school.Good news! Once Brexit happens, as well as the magical 350 million/wk for your NHS, you can have Drs who are trained less..just to ensure you’re cared for properly.. 
NEW SHOW: Delighted to welcome guest ⁦@stellacreasy⁩ to talk Dark Ads, voter manipulation and Labour’s Brexit equivocation — plus hello to new panel regular ⁦@NinaDSchick⁩. Listen now... 
The Economist on a Brexit no deal: "The metaphor is not buying a car, it is buying a parachute—having already leapt out of the aeroplane."   
The essential list of rights, freedoms & values listed behind the @WeAreCorbyn campaign are protected by EU membership & lost through Brexit. Equality, freedom, peace, justice, dignity & prosperity. If #WeAreCorbyn we must also be #WeAreEurope. Nothing less. 
Ministers demand Brexit deal protects Scots food and drink  
Governments used to agonise over every £1bn pounds. For example, they shut many children’s  services across the UK to save that amount. Now, they don’t give a damn about wasting £100bns on Brexit 
Warning: Loss of democracy and rights can happen in a moment. Look at Trump in the US. Brexit is approaching, our Trump moment is approaching. #StopBrexit 
My greatest source of puzzlement regarding the phrase "the will of the people": why does no one have the guts to say, "It is *my* will. *I* want Brexit"?Is it because they are unwilling to take even the slightest responsibility for what they know will be a monumental disaster? 
A referendum where the only choices are to accept whatever Brexit deal May comes up with or crashing out of the EU is no choice at all ⁦@steverichards14⁩, I and probably millions of others would be forced to spoil our ballot papers in protest. 
I wonder if the preparations for No Deal include an application to join the EU. This doesn't even sound far-fetched in a #brexit world. 
Amazon Tax Scandal GET CORBYN! Tory Ester McVey cruelty to dying cancer patients GET CORBYN! Buried Fracking Report GET CORBYN! Student Loan Spy on vulnerable GET CORBYN! GPs NHS smashed GET CORBYN! TMay No Deal Basketcase Brexit GET CORBYN! A man of Peace No More War GET CORBYN!  
Brexit should be Labour’s focus. Its NEC candidates ignore it at their peril | Polly Toynbee #peoplesvote 
One can only presume, that the 2016 referendum was cynically manipulated to justify the ends of Tory donors and the other various "vested interests" of her party. "The will of the people" is not their motivtion  
Gove was part of Vote Leave's #Brexit dream-team that promised us sunlit uplands, an "as good as now" EU deal & 'control'.But in reality #Brexit is a nightmare, harming those who voted for it most, trashing UK's standing & diminishing control.Gove's response? #BlindBrexitNO! 
The next election we will face a choice.We can have hard Brexit and economic chaos from the Tories.OrWe can have hard Brexit, economic chaos and antisemitism from LabourOrWe can vote Liberal Democrat#WeAreNotCorbyn 
The best thing, amongst the many great things, of travelling around 4 EU countries this summer was not having to wonder whether people I met voted for Brexit. It also brought the realisation that after 30 years in the UK, this is no longer my home. 
Here is the one way to end Theresa May’s Brexit gridlock | Steve Richards  
Thanks for backing our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on the Brexit deal, let’s keep the campaign rolling! Please… 1) Write 'I support the Final Say' on a piece of paper2) Take a picture 3) Post it on Twitter with a short note telling us why, with the hashtag #FinalSay 
Brexit isn't the only thing I have against Corbyn. My biggest problem is that he's clearly an ineffectual leader. He doesn't have an ounce of leadership in his body. He gets smeared, yes, but if he were any good it wouldn't stick. He's silent when it matters not to be. 
well thats that then we do brexit on the basis of proven lies and law breaking well done Brectums youve shown the world exactly what UK is based on and ruled by ... lies corruption deception law breaking and tax evasion -  
Enjoy it while you can Julia, because after BREXIT there will be NO sunrise. The Polish and Romanian workers who lift the sun up every morning will be gone. #SaveOurSunrise 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
Tory Austerity And Welfare Cuts Like Bedroom Tax Directly Caused Brexit, New Study Finds - HuffPost UK  
The clue is in the words disorderly and cliff-edge, says Mark Carney, when asked about the economic impact of what the Bank of England calls disorderly, cliff edge (no deal) Brexit!   
The U.K. is heading towards the disaster of Brexit & the low taxation, Austerity ideologies of the Tory Party & the independent Socialist UK dreamers of the Labour Party think it’s a price worth paying to achieve their goals. That’s the damage political extremism can do. 
The town of Burnley backed Brexit. Now, it's back in Europe (Well, kind of)  
Gunter, Farage, Wigmore,  Banks and #Brexit Team in Trump’s Personal Residence  
ARE YOU WATCHING WORLD!? Do you finally see!? This is what we have been witnessing for years! Full communist police state#FascistBritain ☭ "Tommy Robinson Gives POWERFUL Interview with Tucker Carlson" on YouTube - #Qanon#WWG1WGA#Brexit 
#Brexit threatens Scotch whisky and other Scottish products that are all currently protected by EU trade deals world wideContrast that with Mundell/UK Govt's FAILURE to put forward any proposals for protection for ANY Scottish produce into the trade deal between EU and Canada  
London, UK. August 2nd, 2018. We reject the #ActOfFreeChoice of  1969 and call for free and fair referendum on independence in West Papua under international law and to international standards.#LetWestPapuaVote #FreeWestPapua #SelfDetermination pic.twitter.com/lea9TNhBaJ 
So to review quickly:1) Canada is immune to the ordered populism which produced Trump and Brexit2) We would never succumb to the anti-globalization, fake new , evidence be damned no-nothingism gripping America3) Doug Ford bears no resemblance in style of messaging to Trump 
National Union of Students backs The Independent's #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on any Brexit deal  
I’ll be there! @ConversationNZ referendum on legalization of cannabis. Let’s discuss. This Sunday, Takapuna.  
Sir Christopher Meyer, the former ambassador to the US, pointed out that international law “mandates” the seamless movement of goods at borders. Former UK ambassador sparks Remainer fury after making THIS claim about no deal Brexit - Express  
Here is a fantastic podcast with @RaheemKassam in which he admits that his English accent gives him an unfair advantage in DC, among other insights about Trump, Brexit, the world  
Am I alone in finding it frightening, these cultish attempts by Corbyn supporters to outdo each other in professions of adulation? This is the leader of the opposition who has enabled the govt to pursue hard Brexit, the single most important thing that will make us all worse off.  
To think an amazing generation fought and many died so that we could throw away their legacy..I won't let that happen and neither will you. We will stop the right wing coup that is #Brexit.  
Just remove the term 'no deal' from the title & you cover all versions of this #BrexitShambles...There is only one type of #Brexit that has any hope of working in the National Interest & that's #StopBrexit.Utter Madness#PeoplesVote #Remain 
Excl: No10 thinking - Macron will ignore May’s plea today to soften EU’s Brexit hardline until she can master Westminster’s turmoil; 
I'm 52 - From Horsham, West Sussex#WeAreCorbynIf Brexit happens - I wont blame Labour or Corbyn, I will blame the Libdems and the Tories.• Nick Clegg calls for EU referendum • LibDems go into gov with Tories • LibDems and Centrists vote for Austerity • Causing BREXIT 
Yes, my starting point is the world needs a strong Europe. If the UK ends up distant from and hostlie to the EU, esp. on defence, foreign and security policy - because of its own folly in leaving and then mishandling Brexit - Europe is weakened and its foes are happy. @CER_EU 
Indonesia's argument that West Papuan people are too primitive to vote in a referendum on independence is "untenable" - International lawyers for West Papua (ILWP)August 2nd, 2018, anniversary of the Act of free Choice.#LetWestPapuaVote pic.twitter.com/uucBQGkQyQ 
News from Sorong, West Papua. People of Sorong reject the Act of Free Choice, 1969. Referendum on independence is the solution for #westpapua United Liberation Movement for West Papua (ULMWP) Wiliayah Domberai give rejection of PEPERA, #ActOfFreeChoice#LetWestPapuaVote pic.twitter.com/BTCznIoPQE 
The UK has been left in the dark over planning for Brexit amid an "information void".  
.@GregHands in @thetimes wrote falsehoods to mislead the public into believing VoteLeave didn’t really break the law during the referendum campaign & that @ElectoralCommUK treated them unfairly. CEO @Claireerbassett has humiliated Hands with her crisp response.Greg! Apologise! 
A big round of applause  for the @DUPleader for ensuring we are left exposed like this. Brexit 'will break the NHS' as Brexit Secretary's local hospital issues alert  
Brexit-Russia is the a shabby low-rent Poundland version of Trump-Russia, but the playbook is the same. At least, America realises the hell it's in. Here, meanwhile, Britain sleepwalks on..  
“Doctors could qualify more quickly after Brexit to solve staff shortages, minister says - The Telegraph”. Taking back control, in order to dumb down medical training.  Seriously?!   
You're a twat.. Continental Drift was a hypothesis, plate tectonics is the proven theory, neither were fake news.. When faced with a hypothesis, you continue to prove it until it either works or it doesn't.Brexit doesn't work. It's been proved. You're a twat, it's been proved.  
Radio news listeners abandon BBC as biased left wing propaganda and anti-Brexit sentiment dominates its shows  @BBCNews @BBC 
Almost feel sorry for Gav - still dreaming this can all be put back together again.Brexit hasn’t destroyed UK but revealed what it is.  
In keeping with the total lack of vision and direction exhibited by Theresa May and her rootless Tories, the government’s Brexit negotiation stance has everything to do with trying to appease and cling to power, and nothing to do with coherently advancing the nation’s interests.  
Like we shouldn’t have a referendum on the moral worth of everyone who gets a job holy crap 
Touring artists hit by visa issues, and it will get worse after Brexit | Letters  
@BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. time to go straight to WTO.Turns out @MichelBarnier has been working with Tony Blair to force a second referendum. Blair the most hated politician in the Country & @nick_clegg, This cannot be tolerated. Time to walk 
Follow Back Pro EU, hashtag #FBPE is a party neutral community of like minded anti Brexit enthusiasts.We’re the scourge of the far right pro Brexit politicians, shock jocks and racists.So look for #FBPE in Twitter handles and bios and follow back. Check your followers. 
Take a look at a tv listing from the 70's.Daytime tv, what there was, was mostly educational. They even used to have language courses. Can you imagine.Now it's wall to wall ignorance, and uninformed opinion.And we wonder why the idiots voted Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Improve 'emergency brake' offer to stop Brexit, says French senator 
On my way back from a productive meeting at Lincoln Inn Fields with @A50Challenge @OFOCBrexit @Women_4_Europe @Lawyers4EU and others. The legal battle against Brexit continues. #FBPE #WATON #FBR #StopBrexit #voteleavecheated #FinalSay #PeoplesVote @carolecadwalla @acgrayling 
hi everyone at #WeAreCorbyn did you know that Brexit is incompatible with the political programme Labour is offering and that by not opposing Brexit we are facilitating a ideologically right-wing Tory Brexit which will create 1980s style mass deregulation. in this ted talk I will 
This dangerous time of: the far right, Brexit & Trump. Journalists have been a huge disappointment - Instead of speaking truth to power they have followed the agenda of WM & their owners - The world is on a dangerous course and there is no one we can trust to tell the truth. 
This is a nice case study in how media jump on (very limited) paper that fits narrative about austerity & Brexit because (imo) people unable to critique stat-heavy paper. So people will read this & think "oh austerity is THE factor!" So wrong. As multiple (published) papers show  
So today we have see interest rates increased by 50%, yes, FIFTY percent! Don't anyone dare try telling me this has nothing to do with Brexit. 
TOMORROW: Country that voted for Brexit taken for fools…again.  
Feels like a age away that a few of us found each other on Facebook, shell-shocked & heart-broken.I know so much more about the EU than I did back then & loads of us now.Still know that the EU is far from perfect but it's better than Brexit. #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
As new information on the likely impacts of Brexit come to light – not just economic, but also social and environmental – calls are growing louder for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal  
Was in a bar in Aosta, Italy tonight. Couple from Somerset on next table who live part time there in an old farmhouse. Living the dream has now turned into a living brexit nightmare, fearing they'll lose house. I told them about the march in October... They're coming over for it. 
Oregon has had a sanctuary law for decades — but a local anti-immigrant hate group has managed to get a referendum on the ballot to repeal it. Activists are fighting back.  
Will somebody please ask what the effects on interest rates, growth and the economy would be if we were to stop #Brexit and stay in the EU?Isn't this information that we all need right now?  #Newsnight 
Well Jacob, instead of just hollow, meaningless statements like this, perhaps you could spend a little time and read what a WTO trade negotiator has to say...... 
Emmanuel Macron rejects his upcoming talks with Theresa May will bypass #Brexit negotiations  
How can we have a ‘blind Brexit’ if everyone knew what they were voting for?Everything this govt says on Brexit lands it... and us... further in the shit.Let’s just have a ‘fuck off Brexit’ and sort out the domestic mess we are in. 
I took a peep at tonight's Sky news review. Despite the rise in interest rates, the Zimbabwe election violence, and Barnier's rejection of May's Brexit. What did they lead off with! Got it in one. A KKK Wizard endorsed Corbyn in 2016. Seized on with relish by Brendan O'Neill FFS! 
If you signed the Petition to nullify the refendum because Leave lied and cheated, you’ll have seen the Governments response. This insipid drivel does not answer the petitions main point. Vote Leave lied and cheated, that referendum is void.Contemptible. 
I’m a great admirer of ⁦@chrisgreybrexit⁩Some good points hereI do think he is too kind in relation to flagrant disregard of facts that has been on display re Brexit, and the poor quality of prep by journalists resulting in inadequate challenges  
A Modest Proposal for Brexit: Turning the tables on the EU  
#WeAreCorbyn gives me the creeps - we've seen enough echoes of the genocidal nationalism of the 20th century, now it's an echo of the genocidal leader-worship. Both extreme nationalism and leader-worship ares signs of a society in crisis. These are deeply troubling times.#Brexit 
The statement “Brexit creates uncertainty” reveals the inherent bias of the speaker (usually BBC).Brexit creates certainty in all the most urgent and important matters, namely the political independence of the United Kingdom and its democratic decisions.  
'He would say that' Farage fury after Mandelson SLATES Brexit while waiting for EU pension  
Sometimes I’m having a really great day and then I think ... Brexit. What are we doing? It’s a catastrophe for Britain and for the EU and for the world. 
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
Fantastic and great to see Pro-Brexit Health Minister @SteveBarclay defending the benefits of #Brexit. Doctors could qualify more quickly after Brexit to solve staff shortages, minister says  
Free movement of people in a no-deal Brexit? Which bird-brain conceived that plot?  
I want and expect my children to have the same rights as Europeans we have had. To live, to work, to travel, to love in whatever EU country they wish. I am more angry than ever about the Brexit bullshit. 
Why Westminster's Brexit turmoil makes a 2019 Scottish Independence referendum likely  
Millions of people voted for Brexit just to piss off David Cameron.He’s gone now, can we cancel it?  
How can anyone seriously question global warming and not see the security threat it poses to our continent. How on earth is Brexit going to help mitigate such a challenge? Brextremists who inevitably are in my experience climate change deniers will be judged badly by posterity!  
Doctors could qualify more quickly after Brexit to solve staff shortages, minister says  
Tonight, in Claggan, we spoke to a large number of EU nationals who have concerns about their residency in light of the #Brexit situation. We’ll be hosting info sessions for EU nationals in the next couple of weeks in Mallaig and Fort William. More info to follow soon! @theSNP 
The LADYBIRD BOOK of ADEQUATE FOOD (including Rodent Recipes).Part of the 'Learning to Live with #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
the local paper printed my letter about the legitimacy of the referendum result  and another letter from someone else in our group on the page opposite!  getting the message out there!! everyone write to your local newspapers and websites too, it works!   
Well Arron I am fairly certain that you understand more about corrupt organisations than most, however, if you are alleging that Remain broke the law in the same way Leave did then all that means is the referendum is twice as illegitimate and should be rejected .  
Macron won't break ranks with EU over Brexit, PM warned  
Interesting Brexit discussion this evening at #Feile30 in St Mary’s college.  Very well chaired by @AllisonMorris1 who kept the audience, @nealerichmond & I in check!Thank you Féile an Phobail for the exchange of views opportunity #GRMA Dublin, Belfast now back home 2 #Derry 
Thanks to all the NEC candidates who have answered our questions on Brexit and a #PeoplesVote this week. We've had 18/26 responses so far and are aiming for responses by 6pm Friday.Can 7 of the #JC8 please pull your finger out, it would be nice to hear from you! 
Where on earth is this nonsense about the public demanding a second referendum? I don't know a single Brexiter that's changed their minds. 
INDEPENDENT DIGITAL: Leading scientists back call for Brexit deal vote #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Those Brexits ratedBlind Brexit Hard Brexit Clean Brexit Dirty Brexit Soft Brexit Red, White & Blue Brexit WTO Brexit Chequers Brexit Brexit is Brexit No Brexit  
Coming on for 30 years ago Gwyn Alf Williams memorably asked “When was Wales?”  Entirely appropriate now to ask “When was Britain?”  and in so doing to expose the myth making at the heart of the current #Brexit malaise  
Today in the UK: self styled far right leader all over media after a PR stunt, government still has no agreed Brexit plan, and this is the opposition party. Oh and Electoral Commisssion decided not to investigate £435k DUP Brexit donation despite BBC NI revelations  
Have to say that #TraceyUllman must have seen into the future when doing this sketch on @theresa_may’s indecision and playing both sides on #Brexit, not the mention a challenge to her leadership!#ChequersMeansCorbyn 
There is a hardcore of several thousand who have been campaigning against Brexit for 2 years. We do this in a voluntary capacity as we care about our country.If those sitting in Westminster dedicated even 10% of the time we have done, they would know the facts & #StopBrexit 
A Modest Proposal for Brexit: Turning the tables on the EU  
Not for one moment longer can Brexit be allowed to be the place where the Hard Right and the Hard Left meet to stamp out the hopes and dreams of the next generation.  
'BBC policy on Brexit is not impartial' @RadioTimesNext week a David Attenborough exclusive: 'It's official,  bears really do shit in the woods'  
"I won". There you have it. What was the result of the Scottish referendum on self determination? Blair McDougall won. What did you win, out of interest? Because Scotland "won" Brexit and a far right, totally incompetent government. 
So if Aberdeen win do we get a second referendum or what’s the script here? 
We now have #WeAreCorbyn on the Left and #IAmTommy on the Right.It’s like some bizarre proxy war between those who blame Jews and those who blame Muslims.No thanks. I’d rather just argue against Brexit and for progressive politics. 
Media campaign making out Corbyn is the devil to bury the bad news on the Tories. Things like Brexit failures, islamophobia, disability rights abuses, universal credit court defeats. That's what's being buried, the truth about this disgraceful Tory Government. #WeAreCorbyn 
There's still widespread ignorance of the vast amount Brexit has already cost and no one can show when even £1 comes back.  I summarise & pls add what I've forgotten:1.£60billion lost GDP2.£18bn inflation3. £3bn agencies4. £27bn lost management time5. £ crashTOTAL >£100bn 
He has considerable foresight. He made sure he was elected as an MP in order to maximise his influence on a no deal #Brexit. Once he gets his way he'll just disappear into his privileged lifestyle and count his amassing fortune, and say 'screw-you to his constituents. #Remain 
Facts you may or may not know about the petitioning Website This website is emailing everyone who has ever petitioned about Brexit with the sole purpose of getting ppl to petitionFor a peoplesvote.Don’t use this website. 
Bank of England governor on interest rates rise and says his economic warnings about the referendum were correct  via @krishgm 
I mean, pretty rich for Grimes to mock about 'backing both sides' considering he was a arch-Remainer just over a year before the Referendum  
Nonsense. I think you will find it was Brexit. 
I voted #Remain.I voted for @JeremyCorbyn in the 2nd Leadership Election AFTER the #Brexit ref.I voted Labour in the GE AFTER the #Brexit ref.I would vote Labour again tomorrow. Brexit belongs entirely to the Tories.I stand with Jeremy Corbyn!#WeAreCorbyn 
Gt Brexit speech smashing Project Fear!Peter Shore as right in 1975 as now!"Now the lies are exposed what it comes down to is Fear..AND a constant attrition of our morale..against wht generations of Englishmen hv achieved"Brexit right then right now! 
Ali has hit the nail squarely on the head. Corbyn’s “let May cock it up and then take over” strategy is exactly the same as Johnson’s, Mogg’s & every other #Brexit extremist. If Brexit happens they will be at each other like rats in a barrel. It can be stopped by a #PeoplesVote 
My father fought so that we wouldn't be ruled by fascists. Brexit makes his sacrifice pointless. 
It was 37% of a restricted electorate, denying a voice to people materially affected. And that 37% were captured by lies funded by crimes. The 2016 referendum is VOID and we are fighting a would-be coup by some very nasty people. FIGHT is the word.  
93% of companies expect revenue to fall in 2019 due to Brexit, survey reveals  - with the possibility of Brexit having such a drastic impact on the UK, surely it's time to demand a #PeoplesVote. Sign and share the petition: 
Give @sarahkendzior Gaslit Nation pod a listen. It's a really good review of all that happened in 2016. I followed all the news closely in 2016 but I'm only connecting the dots globally after listening to these two sharp women discuss media, Brexit and the US election. pic.twitter.com/jicjUxS76E 
MUST WATCH: @maxkeiser & @stacyherbert completely dissect the Tory government's need for austerity measures and how UK household debt is now at its highest ever on record!!!!Retweet and share!!!! (Footage courtesy @KeiserReport and @RT_com). #JC4PM #WeAreCorbyn #JC9 #Brexit  
Whatever you think about Brexit and the referendum, this is objectively a double standard from the Electoral Commission. They have been presented with clear evidence of Remain campaign collusion and yet claimed it does not meet the threshold. Says it all… 
Tactical genius eh?Sacrifice a nation and its poorest citizens to a Tory Brexit and Austerity, no matter how much pain and misery that causes,In the vain hope of getting some power.Yeh, I’m sold....#WeAreAli#StopBrexit 
They try to blame brexit on him but we know the truth #WeAreCorbyn 
'Theresa May’s dash to Emmanuel Macron’s holiday retreat for emergency talks to unlock the stalled Brexit negotiations tomorrow will be rebuffed, Britain’s former ambassador to France warned today.' 
I'm under threat of losing my job due to #Brexit could I have the support of the labour party please?There is no such thing as a jobs first brexit. 
I hate Brexit. It’s so divisive 
In every part of Britain, here's how you can get involved in the grassroots anti-Brexit campaign  
Appalled at the unpleasant comments about a family that has lived and worked in this country for 14 years. I’m sure they are a delightful family and will be missed at their places of work/schools. I am sad about the knock on consequences of Brexit. 
The Treasury says trading with the EU under WTO rules would have the "worst possible consequences" for Britain.Going by its record and its remainerly intent of thwarting #Brexit,what this means isa #WTOBrexit is indeed Britain's best option? 
“Auf wiedersehen, Britain: Brexit is forcing my German family to leave the country we call home”And with that, the NHS loses another Paediatric Consultant. All for what? #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #VoteLeaveLied 
Brexit did this.  
17.4m people voted for #BrexitIf the #Conservatives fail to deliver what we voted for, they are doomed at the next General Election and for a generation.We need a #Brexiteer Prime Minister to deliver the will of the people. #Brexit #MayMustGo 
What do I think, @thismorning? I think your editorial department has lost its fucking mind and that your TV show is swimming open-mouthed through the raw sewage of the new world of Brexit and Trump, in which any old bollocks can be presented as a ‘theory’. That’s what I think.  
#WeAreCorbynHere is the @BBCPolitics tweet count for the last seven days:BREXIT CRISIS - 17LABOUR ANTISEMITISM - 10FAKE NEWS - 2CRIME CRISIS - 2HOUSING CRISIS - 1RIGHT-WING THINKTANK DONOR SCANDAL - 0TORY ISLAMAPHOBIA - 0TRANSPORT CRISIS - 0NHS CRISIS - 0#JustSaying 
Interest rate lunacy by Carney: increase rates when Govt struggling on Brexit, Eurozone growth slowing, our growth in equilibrium, and inflation under control. When will someone rid us of this incompetent Governor.... 
I hear you like compromises. We, the people, had our "once in a generation" vote. 52% of us voted LEAVE. If some of you 48%'ers want to recast your votes then I have no objection, so let's leave our 52% alone and just hold half a referendum. How about that for a compromise?  
"... the campaign can of course only be a success if it encourages enough people to become an #EUcitizensChampion so that we can make sure that no EU citizen is left behind because of Brexit." says @cliodiaspora on her brilliant @eucitizenschamp campaign 
"The politicians who want this will be long gone, but our kids will be living with the consequences for 30 or 40 years."Why the Irish border is such a complicated issue in the Brexit process  
#WeAreCorbynThat's why we won't accept any Labour policy which makes austerity more likely, Northern investment more difficult, the NHS more vulnerable, which favours global corporations over regional business, or which leaves a PM Corbyn with the blame for Brexit's consequences  
Addendum. The other big contrast is between BBC Brexit coverage and that of the Irish media, especially RTE e.g. @tconnellyRTE which again should give pause for thought. I don't mean (obviously) that Irish media focus on Irish angle, just the gap in the journalistic quality. 5/4 
UKIP Deputy Chairwoman and MEP @MargotLJParker will be on @RTUKnews discussing Brexit and austerity at 8pm. 
There needs to be an United Independence Party that will attract people from the majority of the 17.4 million who voted Brexit. These people represent views from the left, right & centre.Small Parties just won't make any inroads with first past the post. 
If we do get a decisive public vote on Brexit, it is absolutely critical that Remain do not take victory as a given. We did that last time and look what happened.Yes, minds have changed. But remember how hard we've had to fight these past 2 years and keep that mentality up. 
13 fantastic speakers announced so far for the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference in #Leeds on 8 September. Here are a few of them:Alex Sobel MPJulie Ward MEPWill HuttonEloise ToddAC GraylingRichard Corbett MEPMike GalsworthyFemi Oluwole 
Keep the faith. This is our Dunkirk moment.Brexit will implode - it was always doomed to failureThe will of the people will never accept brexit, nor allow it to ruin our country #fbpe #ExitFromBrexit 
Research by clever people (so clever they're still searching for a reason for Brexit !,!) says Brexit happened because Leave voters were thick and voted Leave due to austerity ie. the wrong reason.  
These are the pressures that led to the Brexit vote. And these are the problems that Brexit makes it so much harder to solve.  
Which is surely a key point. BBC can understandably say 'ok, everyone complains', and it is right. But why are *other* major broadcasters - with equally good journalists and editors - covering Brexit so differently to the BBC? 4/4 
This is one of the most significant suggestions in months. I have always believed an ‘emergency brake’ - EU wide, not just for UK - is essential to heal the Brexit breach. It will be dismissed by defenders of EU orthodoxy, but it is the best way forward.   
'@BorisJohnson's popularity among the #ConservativeParty base as #Tory leader shoots up from number 5 to top position in latest #poll. After the nation saw that #BorisJohnson was one of the few members in #Cabinet who's in it for #Brexit rather a Job with #Remainer @theresa_may? 
When leavers like Johnson, Gove & co backed #Brexit they called rational arguments #ProjectFear, Now we are stockpiling insulin and food. The only frightening thing is leaving the EU. Who is scared now! Stop it with a #PeoplesVote 
Today @EU_Commission #Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier warned, ‘Let's be frank: as the UK has decided to leave the Single Market, it can no longer be as close economically to the rest of the EU.’ This is tragic. We need closest ties to thrive. Article link  
On #C4News Mark Carney denies he’s raised rates to give himself room to cut them again in a disorderly Brexit and says he got his economic warnings about the referendum right. 
This is an unbelievably awful editorial decision. But in many ways horribly predictable. Brexit & Trump have cleared the way for taking every tinfoil-hatted reality-denier seriously. In the deep end, Holocaust denial. In the shallow end, undiluted hogwash like this.  
Electoral Commission has said it’s not going to investigate £435,000 DUP Brexit donation. BBC NI Spotlight revealed that data analytics firm AIQ’s ‘DUP’ contact was someone officially working for Vote Leave.  
Improve 'emergency brake' offer to stop Brexit, says French senator  
Philip Hammond has told Whitehall to plan for another round of cuts before next year’s spending review. So much for Theresa Mays promise of a Brexit dividend for the NHS  
Three things that need urgent attention after Brexit is over:1. The House of Lords2. The BBC3. The Electoral CommissionBin the lot of them. 
This is the Electoral Commission responding to overwhelming evidence of criminal activity by the Remain campaign. Double standards in refusing to investigate Remain even once and doing THREE for petty offences by Leave an affront to democracy. #Brexit 
Watch "LONDON CALLING: BBC bias during the 2014 Scottish independence referendum" -- via @trulyscottishtv 
Austerity fuelled UKIP and led to Brexit. It's obvious the Far Right will be fuelled when Brexit leads to further Austerity. Further blame and division will follow.Resist @jeremycorbyn there's nothing socialist or progressive about Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Its not called brexit it's called democracy  your leaving of your own free will ! 
Electoral Commission drops investigation into DUP over Brexit spending due to lack of evidence. Isn’t the point of an investigation to gather the evidence?! Can they explain what exactly took place?  
In the run up to #Brexit we're bringing back the old air raid sirens after Brexit they will signal curfew/purge when you hear them stay in your homes until the all clear signal.#NoDealBrexit #NoDealSurvival 
A Brexiteer MP is being mocked on Twitter for his blustering, misplaced bulldog-spirit optimism in the face of mounting fears over a no-deal Brexit  
New study by @PippaN15 and Inglehart finds Brexit was about cultural resentment, not economic grievances:“values are strongly linked with voting [whereas] support for Brexit was not significantly stronger among unskilled manual workers [or] the unemployed”  
⁦@BBCr4today⁩ loses 10% of its audience. Once a symbol of broadcast news & current affairs, it’s become a mouthpiece for a Tory #Brexit and facile magazine show⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ #FBPE 
#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLawAnd guess what Mrs May?We won't let you sweep Vote Leave's criminality, #CambridgeAnalytica's covert psy-ops using stolen data & foreign interference in the #EURef under the carpet while you rush headlong into #BrexitBring on #PeoplesVote. It's only fair! 
Well worth the read. And well worth wondering why these arguments hardly surfaced in metro media circles during another referendum in 2014.  
So our democracy is now in the hands of cowards who are more scared of the Far Right thugs than of the majority of decent people...By backing #Brexit they fuel the extremistsDon't APPEASE....OPPOSE!#PeoplesVote #FinalSay#Revoke #Remain #Reform#StopBrexit stop the Far Right 
Every now & then a tweet hits the target right between the eyes: "Remain campaigns colluded in producing adverts with a ‘common plan’, & in doing so avoided the cost of the project being included in Britain Stronger in Europe’s spending" Electoral Commission biased anti-#Brexit.  
So, just to clarify, no one is forcing this family to leave the UK or even suggesting they should leave. But it’s all the fault of Brexit and Leave voters. Uh huh. Sounds like this guy is the one having the tantrum.  
Also I think on a few subjects like climate change and Brexit they haven’t quite found quite how to do balanced coverage when one side is just making up lies. 
In most negotiations, being prepared to walk away is key. But Brexit talks are akin to bargaining for a parachute having already jumped out of the plane  
Kal on Britain heading for a no-deal Brexit - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
In overwhelming numbers, people are concerned about the negative consequences of Brexit. However, the Tories are just not listening -- they are consumed by chaos and confusion 
So there it is.  #Remain did not break the law and #Leave did. What next? When will a halt be called to this illegal fiasco?  #StopBrexit 
More valuable people lost because of the Brexit tantrum. “It is not easy to stay calm and rational when faced with the visceral, self-aggrandising, jingoistic drivel that flows endlessly from some in the leave camp.”   
Talk of a new political movement in Britain has been constant since the Brexit vote. The Lib Dems could provide an alternative  
Bloody well said.Even if Brexit were an easy process with no damaging impact, it would still be intolerable that a campaign stolen by lies, racist propaganda and illegal spending should be allowed any legitimacy.Even if it were beneficial, it COULD NOT STAND. 
Brexit Shaun’s take on CHO v Cardi B #TouchlineFracas 
Map of areas hit hardest by George Osborne's austerity closely matches the map of areas which voted #Brexit. Fascinating new report: 
We are often asked to enumerate the tangible benefits of Brexit. 
He’s right. WTO is better*.*offer excludes anyone who works in manufacturing, fishing, farming, makes cars, wants to eat or needs medicine or cancer treatment, lives within 50 miles of Kent, works for the NHS, isn't rich or running a hedge-fund to profit from Brexit chaos, etc  
I think we’d already seen evidence of how easy it is to fool 52% of the British people.... #Brexit 
Want an exit from Brexit, a say on the final deal? Sign the #FinalSay petition. Half a million signatures in a week... 
You literally couldn’t make this stuff up. @Peston has it that Michael Gove is considering a “blind Brexit” - quite literally the U.K. leaving the E.U. without having any clue whether we’ll still be in the single market.  
5/ @carolinenokes you wonder why there is such low trust in the Home Office, you wonder why EU citizens in the UK still feel uncertain about their #citizensrights post Brexit. You not upholding your promises does not help. 
If Trump and Giuliani are trying to frame the midterms as a referendum on impeachment they are not going to be happy with the results. 
Electoral Commission drops investigation into DUP over Brexit spending  
A word of warning: If ANY form of Brexit goes ahead, that means the Far Right have won via the greatest criminal act in history,. That means they know that they can win and therefore the EU will be torn apart by Bannon and his Nazis. DO NOT ACCEPT ANY FORM OF BREXIT. DO NOT WAVER 
The Electoral Commission has rejected claims that Remain breached official spending limits during the referendum campaign. Another objective judgement by it. Of course, Remain’s partner, the government, put in an extra £9 million. But that was legal. 
I suspect that some BBC executives saw the cesspit that was unveiled by Brexit, saw a hitherto untapped audience and are now chasing it without regard for the social & political consequences. 
The case for Brexit was ably made by Clement Attlee in 1952. “Britain is something more than a European country; it’s a link between many countries in many continents. I do not believe that Britain can federate with continental Europe.”  
Bob Moran on Emmanuel Macron not allowing Theresa May to bypass Brussels over Brexit- Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
"#Brexit will not cause UK trade disruption"Says the head of ⁦@wto⁩ Now isn't it funny that all the sandwich and stockpiling nonsense is everywhere, and calm stable news is crushed? 
Policies that would get my vote> No Deal Brexit> Closed borders> Emergency census> ID Cards for voting, public services, benefits> Zero tolerance policing, tougher sentences> Repatriation of illegals> One law> Restore nationhood> Restore political ethics> Cleanse MSM 
.@Telegraph cartoon#TheresaMay #Macron #Brexit #poodle 
More #Brexit bad news. When the UK leaves they will run out of paperclips. Once out of the customs union, the UK will be at the mercy of Trump's steel tariffs, leading to a steel shortage. This will decimate the UK service industry, which relies heavily on paperclips.  
Burnley have today reportedly bid for:Jay Rodriguez - £16mBen Gibson - £12mSam Clucas - £8m Sean Dyche is a man preparing for Brexit.  
"Brexit means BorisIt wasn't that Gov failed to make case for free trade deal but that they never triedVoters might have forgiven PM had she tried to secure a proper Brexit, but she never intended to.Failure is one thing, but betrayal is another thing" 
The father of Jacob Rees-Mogg co-wrote a book called Blood in the Streets, "How to make money during an Economic crash", now if that doesn't tell you what his motivation for a hard #Brexit is nothing will, forget the comedy this man us a hard right zealot, who'll screw us all. 
A rat on a sinking ship: 'Michael Gove has tied himself to Theresa May's Brexit mast, and it's getting rather stormy'  via @Telegraph 
.@campbellclaret Oh I don't know. Alastair is a revelation. Intelligent. Witty. Principled. Brave enough to stand up for what he believes him at a time when the Govt & MSM are coming down heavy on anyone who punctures the #Brexit delusion. I admire that.You on the other hand... 
The Leave campaign broke the law.The Remain campaign didn’t.The Brexit vote is still being called “the biggest DEMOCRATIC mandate” given to the UK gov. 4.2 m. still haven’t had a say.“No second ref. under any circumstances” - Theresa MayWe’ll see. #FinalSayForAll #FBPE 
We’ve got less than 9 weeks before Brexit negotiations have to end, and 8 months before we leave the European Union. Simple question. Where is Jeremy Corbyn? Why isn’t he holding the government to account? Why isn’t he highlighting the risks or a no deal Brexit? 
So leaked documents on @theresa_may's #Brexit fudge confirm what we already know, in that people movement will continue beyond #Brexit.That red line is now white. Gone. Caput. Angry? Tell your MP now.#ChequersMeansCorbyn#MayMustGo 
I am always drawing the parallel with 1930s Germany. I'm Jewish: grandparents murdered at Auschwitz. If you look at the rhetoric around #Brexit etc and the MSM hatred, it's so similar. I get viciously trolled, but hey...  
Perhaps we can see reasons  for Rees Moggs enthusiasm for brexit...the implementation of Austerity and the reduction of Police numbers...  
Friends! That's nothing!My blocker called my MSc in Mickey Mouse Studies "an International Relations-type course" and told me I "wasn't clever enough to study Mickey Mouse", all because I pointed out that Brexit was literally worse than anything Hitler did!Talk about gammon!  
Voters got it right the first time. So did Sarah Wollaston earlier this year when she said talk of a second referendum "would just encourage the European Union to give us the worst possible deal." Shame she's forgotten about that...  
My paper "A Hong Kong in Ireland: Northern Ireland's Brexit Opportunity" is published today on  It explores the challenges & history behind the open border issue & my preferred solution given the constraints & redlines HMG has imposed on Brexit negotiations 
"Michel Barnier, our European partners, and the Irish government need to stand firm. There cannot be any negotiating backwards, and no diluting of the commitments made in December. Delivery and protection for Ireland is what's needed." - @MaryLouMcDonald @M_AndersonSF#Brexit  
I'll be talking "THE BREXIT FANTASY WORLD" with @mrjamesob at 11:45am tomorrow (Friday) morning on @LBC. Shout out to my fellow #3Blokes @donnyc1975 and @JasonJHunter 
Here's @campbellclaret on Brexit, the actual border me, and the Twitter me, in @impartialrep  
The interest rate rise today should have seen the pound rise, however, with manufacturing activity slowing combined with #Brexit uncertainty for business, the pound fell further against the Euro. Further bad news for the many UK pensioners in the EU27 who are already struggling. 
Apparently, MPs are more worried about the backlash if we were to have a second referendum than the backlash if we have actual shortages of food, fuel and medicine. I don’t mean to be overly critical, but I do wonder if this generation of politicians might, perhaps, be useless. 
Lying Priti 'if I was a Mars Bar I'd eat myself' Patel's unfounded allegations against the Remain campaign thrown out once AGAIN by Electoral Commission.. Disgraced former minister, sacked for lying over a private trip to Israel, embarrassed once again.. 
When the leadership struggle for @UKIP is made public (the knives are already out), remember who stood firm against majority Pakistani-Muslim rape-squads & Tommy’s injustice. Who best represented your voice? The fight for Britain is bigger than Brexit 
The public finances tell the tale of the steadily improving economy (despite Brexit)  
Auf wiedersehen, Britain: Brexit is forcing my German family to leave the country we call home  
BREXITGETSFUCKED#BetterThanSexIn3Words 
So Theresa May will not annul the Referendum result after the Electoral Commission confirmed spending illegalities, because to void an advisory referendum that was won on lies, cheating and illegal overspending, "would be undemocratic" Does anyone follow that? 
So if you know anyone around #Sunderland who has something to say about the government, Brexit, or just where they fit in society. Then get them down to the civic centre tomorrow so we can have a chat. 
I've seen comparisons on here between the Y2K and Brexit along the lines of: "people said planes would fall out of the sky, but nothing happened! Project Fear!"  
Why it is odd that the push for preparing for a "no deal" Brexit is from pro-Brexit Tory MPs.By me, at @FT 
NHS needs 4 things:DoctorsUK Doctors are disproportionately non-Brit EU Citizens & 1/5 plan to leaveNurses90% drop in EU nursing applicationsMedicineEU Medicines Agency & EURATOM get us new drugs & radioactive cancer medsFundingBrexit screws the economy 
Australia trades heavily with Japan, but do you think they would give Japan the right to make the laws in Australia? The whole thing is an absurdity!  - Labour's Peter Shore on the eve of the EEC Referendum 1975  
We need sustainable fisheries and a healthy marine environment  after #Brexit. Let @DefraGovUK know by responding to the consultation and supporting @mcsuk's campaign  #maynotcontainfish 
When politicians like Theresa May speak of the "Will of the People" they must know it depicts opponents of #Brexit as "enemies of the people" and will thus incite hostility & threats of violence or actual violence.Now look at "Encouragement of terrorism: 
Must see video from @DavidJBanks of @VeteransBritain detailing how the Electoral Commission hounded him after the #Brexit referendumWatch full video here: RT for a wider audience  
So today, a Labour councillor did/didn’t cause pro Indy You Tube channels to be taken down. English midwives rave about the baby box and The Queensferry Crossing gets a glowing report   And Brexit a bigger shitstorm than first thought. Anything else? 
The fact Russia was pushing for Brexit, Texan independence, CalExit, and Catalonian independence is not in itself a reason to oppose those movements. But supporters really should wonder why Russia is so keen on their success.  
Stewart Lee’s take on the Brexit vote went viral because it’s so perfect 
Excellent news. Thank you @EmmanuelMacron for standing firm against our wretched Government. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote #WeAreEurope #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
TAKING OUR WATERS BACK: Brexit sparks PANIC for German fishermen who NEED British waters  
Reporter Shows The Links Between The Men Behind Brexit And The Trump Campaign  
Here Louise Mensch spun pro Brexit propaganda. She boosted UKIP, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Trump, Whittingdale  her Murdoch/NewsCorp owned Heat Street platform. This far right alliance is a global cesspool of bigotry.  
It really is time Labour got up to speed with remaining in the EU. Today a 180000+ petition was dismissed by a committee made up of 5 Labour 5 Tory and 1 SNP MP citing in the GE 2016 there was a mandate for BREXIT. 
NEWS! Iceberg insists it can thrive on its own after winning referendum to leave Antarctica  
#Brexit & #TrumpRussia are the same scandal. The US, UK, & NATO are under attack by a foreign power with help from our own citizens. 
'BBC policy on Brexit is not impartial' @RadioTimes 
By promoting the government line that #Brexit is a done deal BBC Director General Lord Hall has usurped the role of the public in deciding what is or is not an issue of political contention. The BBC must report public debate, not dictate it. Hall must go.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
As it’s revealed the number of mobile calls has dropped for the first time ever, experts say it’s probably because most people still aren’t talking to their parents after the referendum. 
Recent reports only consolidate just how internally divided the @Conservatives are -- this Govt cannot be trusted to do the right thing in the interests of this country when it comes to #Brexit due to its instability. 
MUST-READ: Mark Dayan, policy and public affairs analyst at the Nuffield Trust, says a no deal Brexit would leave the NHS "bordering on disaster". Help us protect patient outcomes. Spread the word.  
Dear @theresa_may on holiday.Thought you might like to know that I am attempting to stay in the EU. I happen to think the referendum outcome was criminally procured and that the tiny majority is no basis for such monumental change. Continued membership is the road to prosperity. 
Don’t believe the Brexit doomsayers: Project Fear’s predictions in 2016 were wrong. They will be wrong again.  
WATCH: Theresa May is taking us towards a dangerous Blind Brexit. Ministers repeatedly promised they will negotiate a final deal with the EU by March 2019. Now it's becoming clear this won't happen. This is why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Turns out it was only 'Leave' that criminally cheated during the EU referendum! Brexit is subverting democracy! #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Walk away ... Only way.    UK's Brexit proposals threaten future of EU, says Barnier  
Research says Brexit is a direct result of austerity & cuts like bedroom tax."The referendum either may not have taken place, or...could have resulted in a victory for remain,had it not been for austerity" - this disaster is an entirely Tory manufactured calamity #BrexitShambles 
.@MichelBarnier says he wants to solve the Brexit withdrawal issues including Northern Ireland. Then he goes on to say that the 4 freedoms cannot be divided...But the Commission's version of Northern Ireland backstop DOES divide the four freedoms  
New Harvard research paper on Brexit available for download.  
Brexit in the form that it was sold is undeliverable. We need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My video for the @Independent after they endorsed the @peoplesvote_uk campaign. 
Well we all know how much ⁦@sarahwollaston⁩ loves a referendum. Maybe she’ll campaign for both sides again?  
Our former ambassador to France says that May will get no concessions from Macron. No surprise there. He also says that the EU sees British talk of no deal Brexit as pure bluff given how long it has taken the government to start preparing for one. Expect more concessions from May 
The Brexit elite show utter contempt for our brave & patriotic military. Their no deal Brexit steals more money from the public coffers every year than the UK's entire annual defence budget. The Brexit Elite must recognise the sacrifices that they are asking from us.  
Leaving without a deal, to trade under WTO rules is the cleanest, swiftest and most definitive Brexit, says Michael Burrage 
You don’t have to be the EU negotiator to know the U.K. proposal is untenable. Trying to pick off individual states is never going to work. Clue’s in the name - European UNION. Let the electorate decide - we will do a better job. #brexit #PeoplesVote 
Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston officially joins the campaign for a People's Vote on Brexit  via @BIUK_Politics 
Dear Leavers: Brexit has so far cost the UK £60 billion in lost GDP. That's 2 (years) x 1.5% (annualised lower GDP compared to ex-ante) x £2.15 trillion (UK GDP. And none of you has shown when a SINGLE £ will come back to the UK. PS: that's enough to increase NHS budget by 50%. 
Former premier Mike Harris forced amalgamation in 1997 without raising it during the 1995 campaign and with little consultation. A referendum that saw residents vote overwhelming against a megacity was ignored. Sound familiar? Lessons from the legal fight:  
On the pretext of the name referendum in Macedonia, Soros is financing pro Islamic and left-wing parties who want open borders. Trump opens investigation on US embassy in Skopje, too close to Obama and Open society.  #илинден #мечкинкамен #бојкотирам 
Cab Sec @FergusEwingMSP says urgent action is needed from @GOVUK to protect Scotland’s famous food and drink produce, in response to news from @MichelBarnier that @GOVUK have not yet agreed to protect Geographical Indications after #Brexit.  Read more:  
“Why would the Treasury spend so much time portraying no deal as ‘crashing out’?The answer: Treasury mandarins recognise, like many Remainers, that leaving under WTO rules is the cleanest, swiftest & most definitive Brexit” @Econs4FreeTrade#ProjectFear 
I really thought, what with our democracy in tatters post the Brexit vote, that nothing would surprise me any more. But hearing Tommy describe the psychological torture that he was subjected to in HMPOnley (in spite of his written complaints) has done that. 
Are the EU and Blair in cahoots to stop Brexit?!! 
Scaremongering over City job losses post Brexit was ludicrous. Lord Mayor of the City, Charles Bowman just confirmed likely to be approx. 10% of the 75,000 forecast in 2016 by Project Fear conspirators, Oliver Wyman. They should apologise to the country.  
UK's Brexit proposals threaten future of EU, says Barnier  
.@asabenn: Michael Gove has tied himself to Theresa May's Brexit mast, and it's getting rather stormy  
Elysee Palace official says France's President Emmanuel Macron has full trust in the EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier's reaction to Government's Brexit white paper 
We have to stop questioning what Brexit is doing to our country and just get behind Britain!! #ThursdayThoughts 
Article 50:1. Any Member State may decide to withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements.Can it not be argued that the #Brexit process has grossly violated several constitutional norms, and for that reason A50 has not been legally triggered? 
Much of the UK political class is conspiring with the European commission to derail Brexit.  
Nigel Farage jailed. Donald Trump Impeached. Brexit is cancelled. Article 50 is revoked. Tommy Robinson disappears. BBC report facts. #BetterThanSexIn3Words 
What May can´t get through her head is the reason the EU won´t deal is because once free of the EU, Britain will become a powerhouse with which they will not under any circumstances be able to compete. This is why they are spending so much money buying problems for brexit. 
Elysee Palace official says tomorrow's meeting between French President Emmanuel Macron and Prime Minister Theresa May is not a negotiation and does not substitute for discussions led by EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier 
Pound falls after the Bank of England's words fail to convince markets about Britain's economy  
Why Care about Brexit? #brexit will affect everything. It isn't just about politics & business. Will affect food standards, NHS, advertising, consumer protection, workers' rights... To sell more to the US we will need to lower standards to be competitive #FBPE #StopBrexit 
'@OllyRobbins is basically running #Brexit #Britain and has been for over a year. #Remainer @theresa_may has no basic skills of leadership, she is utterly PATHETIC & WEAK! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #TheresaMay #OllyRobbins @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns #Tory #UK 
WHY is the left so fascinated by criminal migrants?#svpol #migpol #eupol #brexit #swexit #dkpol #maga #america #sweden 
I wonder why so many SPADs are leaving CCHQ & No.10? Could it be them disagreeing with @theresa_may's approach to #Brexit and the fact that they are uncomfortable supporting the deeply unpopular #ChequersPlan and #ProjectFear  
Many votes were loaned to @theresa_may on her promise of delivering Brexit. She lied, and it is now clear for all to see. @Conservatives have a mamouth task to regain trust. @BorisJohnson and @Jacob_Rees_Mogg step up now. 
A good though sad article, capturing a general trend among @The3Million. Whatever happens with Brexit now, it's hard to see the damage being undone 
EU denies it will soften opposition to Theresa May’s Brexit plan, amid claims of Angela Merkel push for a 'fudge'  
Looking forward to visiting the #Steddfod next week to speak about #Brexit and what it means for children, young people and their families. 
14.Finally, non-EU waters recognised by the UK, thus making them saleable in the EU-27.With a no deal Brexit all of these mineral waters will no longer be subject to 2009/54/EC. Even with a deal, there would have to be a change in EU regulations to make them saleable  
Brexit means Boris  
Adams calls for broad based campaign to win Referendum on right to vote in Presidential elections  
Watch "3 Blokes In The Pub... Talk NO DEAL Brexit"  via @trulyscottishtv 
READ: Increasing demands for a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal:  
President @sanchezcastejon, there isn’t and there won’t be be any normality in Catalonia until Spain behaves as a democratic state by releasing all political prisoners and exiles; and agreeing to organize a binding and internationally recognized self-determination referendum  
UK's Brexit proposals threaten future of EU, says Barnier  
-we KNOW that Brexit has already shrunk our economy.-we KNOW that Brexit has made goods more expensive.-we KNOW that Brexit is paralysing our political system.We need a #PeoplesVote now the reality is clear. 
The #EU's claims and threats about '#nodeal' are designed to force the #UK to accept a #baddeal from #Brussels. We can't let them push us into accepting a 'Punishment #Brexit'. RETWEET if you agree! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns 
May I suggest that you follow @Sime0nStylites @davidallengreen and @anandMenon1 on the topic of Brexit for thoughtful, analytical, well-informed and fair-minded commentary. 
BBC asked for a range of perspectives on Brexit issues with a special focus on Ireland/Northern Ireland. My (quite gloomy) take included.  
Agreed @BBCnews and especially @BBCr4today are just spoken word Daily Mail now. Fully backing racism, bigotry and it's child - brexit.  
WATCH NOW: @damidude voted leave in the #EUReferendum but now wants a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because it wasn't clear what the public was voting for and he believes they need the final vote. @RemainerNow 
Today I’m heading north – the furthest I’ve been so far! I’ll be talking to fishermen about their life in Aberdeenshire and their feelings about #Brexit.  
Remain EU referendum campaign spending claims rejected  
"Brexit is cancelled." #BetterThanSexIn3Words 
This scaremongering by remain really must stop. All people want are facts and the real truth. Anyone who has done a modicum of research knows we are still getting 'Project Fear'. It didn't work before the referendum and it won't now. It just causes more division. 
 @PaulWilliamsMP – May’s hard Brexit is very bad news for the NHS and doctors know it  
An astonishing 537,000 people have now signed the @Independent's #FinalSay Petition supporting a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. Add your name here!  
"Now, the (#Brexit) zealots are pushing for an outcome that may well make devaluation, the winter of discontent and Black Wednesday seem like picnics by comparison." Great piece (and don't miss the last line) by @davidallengreen  via @FT 
If the will of the people is Brexit, no leaver should fear a second referendum. 
A message to the @Independent .Brexiteers don't want a 2nd referendum. We voted to be a completely independent UK adhering to our own laws & with our own Court system. We want to trade  fairly with the whole World & negotiate bilateral trade deals. We won't accept anything less. 
To put that "trickle" of job losses in perspective, Brexit has already cost us over 130,000 good jobs. And we haven't even left yet!See  for full details of all Brexit-related job losses. 
NEW: From stockpiling medicines to crossing the Irish border for treatment, @markgdayan explores what a #NoDeal #Brexit could mean for the NHS >  
A BLIND BREXIT??? That is effing INSANE. I want to SCREAM.Leavers — did you vote for this? SERIOUSLY?I'm going to have to take a time-out from social media & lie down in the dark.Looking forward to all the #BlindBrexit Ladybird Book memes when I come back.#BrexitShambles 
Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston officially joins the campaign for a People's Vote on Brexit  
When you break your election promises, voters tend to punish you. The "@Conservatives" only respond to electoral pressure - the longer they fail to deliver on Brexit, the more unrest there will be! Support us at  
The crisis in local govt is ‘a vast rebuke to the idea that the EU makes all of our decisions for us.... and Brexit, deal or no deal will make the situation even worse.’ V good from @DeborahJaneOrr 
Brexit is direct result of austerity and cuts like bedroom tax, research suggests  
ERG economist Patrick Minford is one of a tiny handful who believe that Brexit will bring financial benefits, but his modelling - by his own admission - will decimate manufacturing and agriculture. It’s not equivalence if that critical admission is omitted in every interview. 
More good economic news for Brexit Britain as construction PMI rises to its highest level for 14 months. Still waiting for the economic catastrophe, Project Fear... Support us at  
The Scottish whisky industry is under threat from a Hard right Brexit. Fight to protect it- sign this petition  
The front cover of the book by Jacob Reed Mogg’s father William Rees Mogg, ‘Blood in the Streets: Investment Profits in a World Gone Mad’ has splashed across it ‘The time to buy is when blood is running in the streets.’ - Need to know any more about Brexit? 
May replaced by Soubry.Corbyn replaced by any Remainer.Cable replaced by Moran.#PeoplesVote.#StopBrexit.#Remain in #EU.General Election.#ToriesOut.Lab-Lib-Green-Plaid-SNP coalition in.Austerity ended.FPTP replaced by PR.- - -Or #Brexit and #fascism. 
We’ve got a government with no workable plan for Brexit, an official opposition in crisis over antisemitism, the founder of the EDL becoming a hero for racists and worrying levels of hate and division.I want my tolerant, competent, smart, inclusive and credible country back. 
Mark Carney suggests inflation is a more imminent concern for Britain's economy than a disorderly Brexit, as the Bank of England raises rates  
Couple of interesting charts from the @bankofengland  today underlining just how far the London property market has swung from boom to bust since Brexit  
Exactly right. At the Great Northern Stop #Brexit Conference in #Leeds on 8 September we will be creating a vision of a new Britain without #Brexit. This will be based on a powerful, positive message about peace, freedom, democracy & prosperity.  
EU CAVES IN: Barnier says Brussels finally willing to COMPROMISE on Brexit border issue #Brexit 
to @CharlieElphicke ‘British spirit will make Brexit a success’ will not put food on the kids tables or make life saving drugs that perish after two weeks even if refrigerated suddenly last longer. you deluded wanker. 
Why Tory MPs must dump Theresa May and give Britain proper leadership on Brexit - my new vlog.  
The Reese Witherspoon ice cream meme is a perfect metaphor for Brexit.  
Today's MPC decision on interest rates is an example of the problems with making inflation the primary target rather than growth:  The Bank should be focused on creating the right environment for investment + productivity growth when Brexit uncertainty ends 
BREXIT: Priti Patel's claims of Remain cheating in Brexit poll dismissed by election watchdog /#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
I was talking to some fellow Europeans at work and it's apparent that even if Brexit is cancelled today it has already caused irreparable damage. Idiots. 
no inflation no wage growth Borrowing Uncertainty trade wars Brexit Commercial property values downhouse prices downbusiness confidence lowHousehold debt upInsolvencies upinf expecs lowgdp growth weaktemporary  
#Brexit has prod higher inflation, no growth & now another interest rate rise. We are all poorer thanks to the lies pedalled by those supporting #VoteLeave. Time to take back control & reverse this madness #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Did they learn literally nothing about the British public's fondness for menacing levels of flippancy, from the Brexit vote or the Boaty McBoatface fiascos?  
Brexit News for Thursday 2 August-May cuts short holiday for Brexit talks with Macron tomorrow- Brussels may offer May a Brexit ‘fudge’ to prevent a no-deal scenario- Eurosceptics furious that  contributions to the EU budget have increased 
Thanks for backing our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on the Brexit deal, let’s keep the campaign rolling! Please… 1) Write 'I support the Final Say' on a piece of paper2) Take a picture 3) Post it on Twitter with a short note telling us why, with the hashtag #FinalSay 
you know, for every Brexiter we meet while campaigning, there are half a dozen fierce Remainers who launch into a rant about how stupid and insane Brexit is  just regular people who aren't involved in activism! well, until we offer to sign them up to the cause at least  
This is a widely misunderstood point. We are in European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) because we are in EU. Non-EU countries can be in it if they have a deal with EU. A no-deal Brexit means no EU and no deal with EU, and therefore no EASA. And that means no flights.  
If the Gov. of Bank of England really believed #brexit was such a threat to the UK economy-and #brexit is happening in March next year, why on earth would he be RAISING interest rates?Perhaps his own doomsday prophecies actually amounted to being one sandwich short of a picnic. 
"The Bank is well-prepared for whatever path the economy takes, including a wide range of potential #Brexit outcomes" - Mark Carney, Bank of England governor   
Corbynistas try to defend their man over #Brexit by saying he isn't in power. SO F*CKING WHAT?! If the Tories announced they were going to war in Syria, would Corbyn remain silent because he 'isn't in power'? Of course not. HE'D F*CKING OPPOSE IT.#PeoplesVote #WATON 
There was lots of noise in the Brexit-supporting press about Priti Patel's complaints to the Electoral Commission about the Remain campaign. Here's what the commission found.  
PATRIOTS: There is NO DOUBT that the HEAT IS ON..The DESPERATION of THE DEMS is clearly on DISPLAY..Everywhere we turn...This is bound to INTENSIFY as NOVEMBER draws near..We are the RESISTANCE, NOT THEM!..Love RayRay..and a POEM #MAGA #KAG2020 #BREXIT  
BBC political programs are dying a death!This is because of their blatant anti Corbyn, Pro Brexit, Pro Tory stance driven by former right wing Tories & Tory party communications people within BBC management. People must continue to boycott their lies & lying press media too!  
#Brexit is about jealousy.Jealousy of the uneducated as the educated benefit from freedom of movement.Jealousy of the old as the young enjoy being part of a larger EU.Jealousy of the lazy as foreigners do jobs they wouldn't.Jealousy of a media seeing its power curtailed. 
Brexit will have an impact on Bank of England policy and talks are entering a "critical period," Mark Carney says after raising rates  
Carney says the #BankofEngland's decision assumes a smooth and orderly #Brexit. This is a pretty heroic assumption, isn't it? 
Excellent by @davidallengreen ‘No-deal’ Brexit and the sovereignty myth  via @financialtimes 
Increasingly WTO option is looking desirable. The more the EU say ‘non’ to everything we put forward, the #GlobalOption with its fully understood terms, trade facilitation agreement & codified customs rules looks best. Delivers the #Brexit referendum & projects UK’s soft power.  
Last week, Arron Banks thought it was worth mocking my other friend and I. Many said we had made the story up; that it’s not about Brexit. Well, as Alexander’s story also shows: it is. And while I’m still in the UK, the point about home is one I can already say for me too. 2/2 
Last week I tweeted about a friend of mine leaving the UK because of Brexit. In my tweet I said she was the second  friend in two weeks to do so. Here is the story of my other friend, Alexander Menden. All I can say, again, is: miss you already x  
This is about managing change. Few lorries entering or leaving the UK through Dover routes carry non-EU goods, facilities for customs are limited and just a handful of customs agents left. Like anything, it can fixed - but it costs and takes time.  #Brexit  
Everything you need to know about yesterday's Brexit developments - in one minute.  
How will the UK Government implement or amend #EU law during a potential transition period? Our latest Insight explains  #Brexit 
If it is the case that the governments refusal to allow the Electoral Commission to disclose details of the DUP's Brexit donation is holding back an investigation, that's utterly shocking.  
MICHAEL Gove has reportedly been discussing a backstop plan with Remainers to keep the UK in the EU single market if #Brexit negotiations collapseAfter he shafted Boris, I always wondered if Gove was a Remainer plant Now I am sure that he really is 
Paddington Bear before and after the #Brexit apocalypse...#ProjectFear 
Classic mainstream psy-op here, uses fake "Tommy" (who is a Zionist) card, fake "Corbyn anti-semitism" and #Brexit to weave together what media are recurrently most aroused by which is "CRISIS". No mention of anything important - like UK gov illegal roles in #Syria #Yemen etc.. 
Bank of England hikes by 25bps. Key $GBP signals:Vote Split: 9-0 (Hawkish)R* estimate: 2.0-3.0% (Hawkish)Inflation: Similar (Neutral)Growth: Higher (Hawkish)Brexit: No explicit viewInitial take: Some $GBP positives there but nothing to outweigh political risks in near-term 
Barnier rejects another key plank of Chequers Brexit proposal: "Some UK proposals would undermine our single market which is one of the EU's biggest achievements. The UK wants to keep free movement of goods between us, but not of people and services." 
We’ve concluded our assessments of allegations about the campaigning activities of specific permitted participants at the EU Referendum. Read our media statement here:   
The majority of Brits don’t want Brexit Michel. They’ve seen what it means and they don’t like it. We’re now campaigning for a #PeoplesVote. Theresa May and her minority Brexit government don’t represent the British people. 
EU #Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier highlights special “geographical indications” protecting products like Scotch whisky  among unresolved issues for UK withdrawal agreement  
Our Remainer-led government is feeding Project Fear in an effort to create such a climate of panic that more people will back Theresa May’s anti-Brexit Chequers proposal:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Novartis is the latest pharmaceutical company to build drug stockpiles in response to fears of an impending no deal Brexit. The Brexiters promised to save the NHS, but now they're leading the charge to destroy it - please share this so everybody knows 
Means Vince Cable going soon - good, as he is tarred by responsibility for disastrous Cameron coalition, esp his personal action in trebling tuition fees. New Lib Dem leader needed before Brexit referendum - ie this autumn  
"Councils preparing for social unrest"Brexit really is turning into something out of a post-apocalyptic sci-fi movie... only without the zombies   
.#Brexit gets binned #BetterThanSexIn3Words 
BBC sheds 890,000 listeners in a year from flagship Today programme. Gives pathetic excuse it's because of 'softer news' this year. Face the brutal reality. Politics has been febrile and your pro-hard Brexit stance has backfired spectacularly. Get rid of right-wing Humphrys!  
#Brexit negotiation can reach good outcome. We must solve withdrawal issues incl. Ireland/NI. EU wants new partnership w/ UK on security & w/ ambitious FTA at its heart. We can do this based on #EuCo principles: indivisibility of 4 freedoms & EU autonomy  
In this century the British people had absolutely no say in who governed them or what laws were passed in their name and when they once voted against the wishes of the elite in the EU Referendum they were branded haters and racists and the result is now being overturned. #irony 
looking forward to the election of Brexit McBrexitface as the new leader of the Lib Dems  
If these guys are even close to correct Scotland cannot afford to be in the union for even 6 weeks after Brexit and after 6 months we will be paupers for generations. We must get out NOW! If Brexit then SCEXIT.  
Auf wiedersehen, Britain: Brexit is forcing my German family to leave the country we call home  
It's amusing how ultra-Remainers talk about the BBC as the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation and claim '#r4today is biased in favour of Rees-Mogg et al.Except that they really believe it, and that's the problem with propaganda: that people come to believe it. 
David Mundell (off to NZ on a #Brexit mission) all at sea today on @BBCr4today when asked to say what a new FTA with NZ would offer that the current trading deal via the EU does not. Couldn't name one thing. Not one thing. 
Theresa May is wasting time trying to curry Brexit favour with EU leaders, claims former ambassador to France   
Very useful Meeting with @NIC_ICTU to discuss the need for legislative change on reproductive rights; impact of Brexit; workers rights. @mfearonsf 
It's not 'utterly remarkable'. It's strategic positioning. It's saying: 'We Sun readers, we're not Nazis & racists like him. We're moderate. Our thing - Full Hard Brexit - it's all legit & middle ground'. 
The Government’s current plans for Brexit would cause huge economic harm not only here in London, but up and down the country. Staying within the Single Market and the Customs Union is the only way to project jobs and growth in London and across the UK.  
The Sun is right. Robinson is the intolerable face of the new fascism. He’s funded by foreign interests to incite violence & racial hatred in UK. This is a threat to our national interest & national security. & it’s Bannon. The same Bannon who played major covert role in Brexit 
Violence on the streets if we stop Brexit? Civil war? Brextremists need to twig no one cares any more. About them or their hard right cause. 
What kind of Brexit will we get?  I said "Awful Brexit". What do you think?  via @MetroUK 
Is this yet another one of those "Brexit dividends" we keep hearing about? "Brexit dividend" my a***! - 'Financial markets suggest a 91% chance of rates returning to levels unseen since March 2009, when Britain was in the grip of recession.'  
Needs 2 be repeated over & over: WE ARE STILL IN THE EU! NOT A DONE DEAL! Media keeps talking about #Brexit as if it happened already or is a foregone conclusion. We can, MUST #StopBrexitSaveBritain It is #Fascism and #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw It is not too late 4 common sense #FBPE 
Every Tuesday evening, in support of #LlibertatPresosPolítics, a community supper outside the prison where @dolorsbassac is being held.In no modern democracy should politicians be in prison for holding a referendum.  
Continuity Remainers demanding a repeat referendum really are wasting their time. Even if we were to stay in, sooner or later the EU will demand more powers that would trigger another vote under the 2011 Act & a majority would surely again vote against the EU#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Who voted for shortages of nurses and medicine? Brexit will 'break the NHS' according to @DominicRaab's local hospital: READ 
Doddery old men to form Brexit Home Guard  
Mass rape of our kids by immigrants and being ethnically replaced and called racist for complaining led to Brexit.  
I don't trust this man. He stabbed Boris in the back and now backs down on his principles. #brexit  
In response to #Brexit-related petitions, the government likes to parrot that it is following the "instruction" of the British people. The EU referendum was advisory, and MPs are not slaves. 
Hunt has said Brexit is a mistake, well an even bigger mistake is having a remainer in charge, May is trying to make it a disaster. 
A re-cap. Bannon has new donors - US-based dark money Middle East Forum for one - but team now pushing Robinson was deeply involved in Brexit. Bannon opened @BreitbartLondon specifically to support @Nigel_Farage. He was VP of Cambridge Analytica. He’s up to his eyes in Brexit.. 
No idea - it's a pretty absurd situation when you've got the Remain campaign actually trying to ramp up chances of no deal in the vague hope that it will trigger a big enough political crisis that a second referendum somehow emerges from the chaos 
'From vows that we’d be equal and valued partners, promises that Brexit would deliver us to sunny uplands of free trade, now we’re down to assurances that there will be adequate food, and even those aren’t believable.'@weegingerdug, via @ScotNational. 
Theresa May is wasting time trying to curry Brexit favour with EU leaders, claims former ambassador to France   via @Telegraph 
Only 2% of businesses want the UK to leave the Single Market and Customs Union to trade under WTO rules.  #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Radio news listeners fall  That's because we don't trust your #Brexit biased reporting and not reporting serious crimes against our democracy. #BBC is failing as unbiased state broadcaster, @skynews & @channel4news are better #BBCBias @bbcnews 
If Boris and DD had not resigned and thus given Brexit voters credible champions within the Tory party, I wonder just how much bigger the Tory poll slump would have been post-Chequers? A lot IMO. 
This is great from the Sun. I just wish they could see he’s backed & championed by the same US dark money interests who backed & championed Brexit. Same Steve Bannon. Same threat to British sovereignty  
Radio Four's plummeting listenership is down to people being fed up with the unceasing tirade against Brexit and obsession with identity politics IMO. Hard for non-guardianistas to listen in for extended periods now. 
By 58% to 24% LAB voters in latest YouGov poll want a second referendum 
When will these extremists take notice? The whole NHS is screaming out about the threat of Brexit and the government has its fingers in its ears because they'd rather push through their damaging ideology than protect our public services, jobs and livelihoods.  
Austerity led to the #Brexit vote in 2016. If we don't stop #Brexit now, austerity will be sharpened and prolonged. If @UKLabour is to fight austerity and change the direction of the country, we must fight for and win a #PeoplesVote 
No quince jelly?? Oh my God, CANCEL BREXIT.  
“Given the political turmoil in recent times and the importance of doctors in the functioning of the health service, we felt it was important to try to investigate the political views of doctors.”Brexit bad news for NHS, survey of UK doctors reveals 
Did #Austerity Cause #Brexit? Thanks @AndrewSparrow for featuring the paper in the @guardian politics live blog. The full paper is here:  for some recent slides check  
The local hospital of Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab has warned that his government's Brexit plans "will break the NHS".  
A Modest Proposal for Brexit: Turning the tables on the EU  Serious comment on this please.... at first glance it looks like good game theory to me. 
I've decided to support the UK car industry by buying a 100% British car.... a Morgan. Normal waiting list is 6 months but the model I want could be over a year, they can't give me a definitive delivery date because parts supply might be disrupted due to 'Brexit. Sounds perfect. 
Hardly surprising BBC News is losing listeners given its constant diet of anti-Brexit propaganda and political correctness.  
The elites want to keep us in a constant state of fear. They are trying to feed us the same diet of lies and deceit that we rejected during the referendum. Eurosceptic Labour legend Tony Benn knew this as well as anybody. #ThrowbackThursday Support us at  
Lavish grotesque Tory Summer Garden Parties, a collapsed NHS child poverty wages going backwards Austerity Brexit Windrush Grenfell a homeless epidemic and here they all sit under a gazebo of darkness (pic by lily Allen)  
I have never regretted voting for #Brexit – and the EU's latest bullying tactics have made me more certain about it than ever.  
I bought a Corbyn tee shirt yesterday .. Wow.. the young lady assistant ... How savvy was she ? She was explaining the Corbyn Smears.,Brexit question ect ....Great to see our young people so savvy & involved in politics x 
UK science suffers under a 'no deal' Brexit. Here's how  Recruitment Job losses EU staff lose rights overnight Collaboration/project uncertainty Funding quality decreases Med supplies + lab equipment harder to import/export 
Austerity and cuts like bedroom tax directly led to Brexit, academic research suggests - Politics live  
I went back to the same coffee shop today and the owner was there.He though #Brexit was shite but did not know about the #PeoplesVoteHe took some leaflets though. 
MPs and MEPs from across southern England back calls for a referendum on any final Brexit deal  
Then why the f*ck do you support their Brexit!?#PeoplesVote 
EU will lose: Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an economic powerhouse after Brexit 
Today we’re talking to Lord Lawson on climate change, Nigel Farage about brexit, Kate Andrews from the IEA about the NHS, we’ll discuss Neo-Nazis; are they really that bad, and we’ll have the latest from Guido Fawkes on how Corbyn is evil.I wonder why people are turning off? 
Reminder:Being a member of the EU costs us real money. We pay out more than we get back. We are Nett Contributors.Don't let lying Remainers tell you otherwise.Viva Brexit!  
This is the first August I have ever spent working as normal in Westminster - or rather ‘as abnormal’ since it’s to fight Brexit. Struck by what a wonderful month it is to be working in central London - warm, uncongested, relaxed 
Wonderful to have the likes of @CarolineLucas @LaylaMoran @ClareMoodyMEP @catherinemep @juliegirling @RosieDuffield1 @MollyMEP calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal  
I read somewhere once , couple years ago a letter by someone in the know , who said Nicola sturgeon will never call a referendum for various reasons but she has to threaten one to keep the nutters on board .and the longer it goes on the more I believe this message 
What a surprise @BBCNews crowing that survey says more people think should be second referendum on #brexit Helped by BBC lies & propaganda we are to have second go to get the 'correct' response. You need to vote the way we tell you. EU dictatorship supported by LibLabCon & BBC  
London Stock Exchange Group plans for a no-deal Brexit  
Government advice is to stockpile the new Viz, which is in the shops today. It comes with FREE Fridge Magnets, which can be bartered for food, water or essential medicines in the event of a successful Mad Max-style 'No Deal' Brexit.  
Wetherspoons announces it will sell its own #Brexit coffee range  
Daily Briefing: - U.S.-China trade conflict hits German companies - survey- Bank of England looks set to raise rates, amid #Brexit risk- Asian stocks tumble on fresh trade worries 
EU WILL LOSE: PM told WTO will turn UK into ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit Exports by the UK to 111 countries outside the EU under WTO rules grew by 2.9% 1993-2015This was 3x greater than the 0.9% growth in exports to EU countries in the same period.  
Only in Britain is the choice seen as trading with the EU or the world. In Ireland, Germany, France we choose both every day. #Brexit 
Create a Brexit-ready food cupboard? Many can’t afford their next meal. >> My col.  
Clearly argued paper by Michael Burrage on the potential benefits of a World Trade Deal. “It is a perfectly acceptable option, and given its beneficial political consequences might well be the option that will ensure a successful Brexit.”  
‘Respect the referendum,’ in the face of everything we know about it, the Leave crimes, & the disaster Brexit threatens, is in the circumstances the most stupid & dishonest remark imaginable. 
"Either Scotland votes for independence or becomes an English region after Brexit and loses all the protection of EU membership. Working time directive, food standards etc. The central belt a place for fracking, NHS sold off. And that's just what we know is coming." Mark Harper 
The EU feels that it is for the best for the people of Zimbabwe to accept the result of the vote. Unlike the EU referendum, US elections and Italian elections, which were clearly corrupt and rigged by Russia. 
Tory Austerity Brexit No Deal No food No medicine Basketcase Britain built on hate and prejudice Theresa May and the Tories the architect’s of Tommunism!! Where is the hope all I can see is fear.. 
URGENT  If we continue like this, our future #maynotcontainfish. Today we have a unique chance to ask decision-makers to put sustainability at the heart of our fisheries management. Act now--->  #FisheriesBill #Brexit pic.twitter.com/PeQGwJY2rL 
Maybe when ppl like you stop fucking whining about the result of a referendum. Maybe when ppl like you just report the news instead of trying to steer policy in YOUR favoured political direction. Maybe when ppl like you actually listen to what the W/class ppl of UK want. 
Brexit 'will break the NHS' warns Tory Brexit Secretary's local hospital  
Nick Robinson now on @BBCr4today "Im still not hearing what trade exactly we will be able to do with New Zealand after Brexit that we can't already do...."Scotland Secretary and Brexitty person : "Glubbedy wabbling hoogledub fillibob twobbly folliwoo migglipip"@bbcnickrobinson 
With the Daily Mail’s decision to remove its editor, @BBCr4today is now Brexit’s last significant daily propagandist  
@mrjamesob show ideas: renaming British landmarks after Brexit architects post-Brexit. May I start with suggesting the M20 is rebranded the David Davis Lorry Park 
Should you require further evidence of the folly of Brexit and the utter inadequacy of the Secy of State for Scotland listen to him stumble around @r4Today. Hope nobody in England confuses him with ScotGov. 
Hey, Brexiters!Do you read The Economist?“The UK economy has slowed to a standstill, largely because of Brexit.”Why do you keep denying this fact?Brexit is BAD for us.#StopBrexit 
EU WILL LOSE: Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
Martin wrote leaders for the Guardian in 2014. Hence the ‘separatism’ ref. He was tone deaf to the Indy message then and played the Brit card. So it’s ironic that with Brexit he wants us listened to as he cares about the EU. Another media hypocrite.  
Create a Brexit-ready food cupboard? Many can’t afford their next meal | Frances Ryan  
Wonderful to see an MP from near where I grew up - @RosieDuffield1 - backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Exactly what the young people who voted for her last year were hoping for. #FFS 
Excellent piece by ⁦@george_yarrow⁩ . The Government should urgently ‘adopt the orphan’ and focus on the #EEA as a realistic, quickly achievable Brexit solution that is also the only true reflection of the 52 / 48 mandate.  
No vitriol, only support, from me.  #Brexit means my job is stuffed.  Decent price to pay for a return of sovereignty.  Good luck @LowTaxChloe 
Thanks to everyone who has voted in @UKLabour NEC election. If you support my campaign to: Give mbs a say on Brexit @ confEnsure all nations & regions are represented at NECRoot out antisemitism & abusepls consider leaving an endorsement  
Boris Johnson's desire to become Prime Minister has left an incalculable trail of damage in its wake. His Brexit lies have brought the UK to the cliff edge - it is getting close to the 11th hour... we need to #StopBrexit to #SaveTheUK #PeoplesVote 
Essential thread everyone on the left needs to read about Brexit:  
Don’t be fooled by government’s five #brexit Pantomime Villains : 
Exclusive: Sarah Wollaston becomes the 2nd Conservative MP to officially join the People's Vote campaign. She will lead a rally calling for a second Brexit referendum in Bristol on August 11th.  
In years to come everyone who kept watching - & moaning about - the hopeless BBC handling of Brexit will claim they really watched Sky News's superb analysis of Brexit.It'll be like how more Rolex watches have been reported stolen than Rolex ever produced.Watch Sky News.  
Brexit 'will break the NHS' warns Tory Brexit Secretary's local hospital 
MUST-READ: why @Aiannucci isn't going to do a Brexit 'Thick of It' but is backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
Ex-Ambassador to France, Lord Ricketts says Brexit negotiations should be about shared interests: "I don't understand why the foreign secretary is going around brandishing this threat of no deal as if it's going to make EU countries more likely to soften their position" #r4today 
The #European Medicines Agency is "reprioritising resources" as it expects to lose 30% of its staff due to #Brexit. As part of the cuts, @EMA_News will suspend online publication of clinical data submitted by companies.   #Transparency #EU @bengoldacre 
‘Blind Brexit,’ ‘no deal Brexit,’ ‘Chequers fudge Brexit.’ Anyone else noticed that even the Brextremists  have stopped any talk of ‘good for Britain Brexit.’ Blind leading the blind towards the cliff 
Sorry, Labour, but nothing will fail young people as much as Brexit.#PeoplesVote 
Oh Dear, it looks like Project Fear has backfired.Laughable Remainer lie after lie has been exposed as utter tosh. The mainstream media hacks hang their heads and look for washing up jobs.Remainers have simply gone too far, there was never going to be a post Brexit apocalypse  
A well-deserved slap for @BBCr4today: I'm one of those listeners. Politics is one thing; waking up to alt-wankers and pro- hard Brexit shillers being provided with a platform is another. #r4today 
On Brexit, immigration, Israel/Palestine, there are very lively, passionate and angry debates. This is fine, but debating class issues and the class war by the rich that is taking place; debate on that is a big No-No!  
BORDERS: British-only airport lanes planned post-Brexit. Taking back control. That must also mean ending preferential access for EU migrants.  
Kassam doesn't need Breitbart when he has the @bbc 
We won't be endorsing 'slates' for the #NEC elections. We will support  individual candidates based on their views on how to fight #Brexit and win a #PeoplesVote. Our friends @Labour4EU are doing all the hard work on this. Please read, share and vote! 
The NHS is at risk of collapse and the key factor is Brexit. Unprecedented pressure across the whole service will leave it vulnerable to a move toward drastic privatisation! We cannot let this happen. #SaveOurNHS #StopBrexit 
93% of companies expect revenue to fall in 2019 due to Brexit, survey reveals - The Independent  
How my Twitter timeline seems to pan out ...A couple of tweets from people I'm following.Fillions of tweets from people I'm not following, interspersed with adverts.4 or 5 'I hate Trump' tweets.3 cute animal tweets.3 Brexit tweets.The void ... return to top.Mornin'!   
Jacob Rees Mogg's father wrote a book on "how to make money in an age of economic crisis".Now, I wonder what Jacob has in mind these days as he pushes for a Hard Brexit, which, surprise...will create an 'age of economic crisis'.Could there be a connection?#PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/pAfqliLh3k 
Here is the @FinancialTimes on the effect of the #brexit vote on the UK economy. IF (and it's a big if) #brexit goes ahead it will get far worse.If you voted leave but want a better economic future, become a #RemainerNow, speak out and join fight to #StopBrexit &#PeoplesVote 
May’s hand has been massively strengthened in the Brexit negotiations after a new study revealed that using WTO rules instead of making a deal with the EU will turn Britain into an economic powerhouse  
SHARE: Endorsements for the #PeoplesVote Campaign continue to come thick and fast.The brilliant The Thick Of It creator  @Aiannucci explains why he's backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
The kamikaze Brexit strategy of this Government beggars belief  via @Telegraph 
Well, this is interesting: Michael Gove discusses backstop to stay in single market. At a recent dinner, Gove talked with moderate MPs about a scenario in which the UK would remain “parked” in the EEA to avoid the chaos of a disorderly no deal Brexit.  
"The Brexit collateral damage could be horrendous. The politicians who want this will be long gone, but our kids will be living with the consequences for 30 or 40 years."We've visited both sides of the Irish border and the mood is very, very gloomy  
Were they still alive and MPs today, Corbyn's Momentum-Labour would be trying to de-select noted Eurosceptics Michael Foot, Tony Benn & Peter Shore, on the grounds that they voted to respect democracy and support Brexit, against the wishes of the Party.Just think about that. 
Another story that shows how Brexit is taking away our rights and those of our children. It’s not about taking back control but losing opportunities  
To do what? To use MI6 and SAS to destroy Libya and Syria, creating ISIS and the very refugee crisis which created Brexit? To keep Julian Assange arbitrarily detained without charge for nine years, in violation of three international court rulings, in order to placate US spies? 
The exclusion of EU citizens while Australians and Canadians could vote was indeed a scandal with the Brexit vote. We need to ensure a fair franchise for the #PeoplesVote 
There’s a reason why Britain’s scientists opposes Brexit, and it’s based not on scaremongering but that most unfashionable of concepts - cold hard evidence.  
Jeremy Hunt in talks in Austria on Weds:The Brexit process is currently “heading for no deal by accident,” cranking up his warnings about potential collapse in talks.Oh.Nothing to do with the government doing nothing for almost 2 years, a split cabinet, unviable proposals then? 
Good to see this Evening Standard front page of the hateful #Corbyn shown for the disgrace that he is! Why wasn’t this all over the papers in 2015? It would’ve prevented Brexit & we would have a Labour Government by nowPlease resign ⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ Britain deserves better 
The idiocy of this Oxford PPE twat. 10+ years in broadcast media explaining away Austerity as necessity and commonsense and then 'surprised' by the rise of the Far Right, Trump, Brexit etcIt's either extreme stupidity, or extreme mendacity. Which one Robert?  
WTO will turn the UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
93% of companies expect revenue to fall in 2019 due to Brexit, survey reveals  
Give People a Final Say. Sign the petition if you feel the public of this country should be allowed an opinion on the cheating, the lying, the breaking of the law - that we’ve since discovered Brexit really is. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #VoteLeaveLied 
Drugmakers are stockpiling medicines in the UK in preparation for a scenario where Britain crashes out of the European Union without a Brexit deal  
Cabinet took 2 years to agree their policy on Brexit #WhitePaper which the PM then scuppered by caving in to the #NoDeal hard Brexiteers Problem isn’t #EU but a Govt that lacks determination to put jobs, prosperity & peace first & stand up to the ERG 
We’ve got an official opposition tearing itself apart over antisemitism, the founder of the EDL running rings around the judiciary and a government negotiating a Brexit plan that its own  MPs and ministers tell me is dead. When will we pull ourselves together, as a nation? 
It's no coincidence that the rot started with the audience figures for #r4today a year ago when Sarah Sands was appointed. She has turned a programme revered for its political neutrality into an unchallenged mouthpiece for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and his Hard #Brexit allies...  
'BBC policy on Brexit is not impartial' @RadioTimes 
Perhaps the mews agenda wouldn’t have been ‘quiet’ for them if they’d pursued @carolecadwalla’s investigation of the illegal buying of Brexit with the involvement of the US far right and Russia? Instead they barely mopped up a few drops once the Electoral Commission ruled. 
Stewart Lee’s take on the Brexit vote went viral because it’s so perfect 
It's good for Remainers (better than almost all alternatives) and the Tories (who can say 'we delivered Brexit'). It's bad for Labour (which is banking on a disastrous Tory Brexit) and Brexiters (whatever they wanted, this doesn't give it to them). 
A devastating indictment of Theresa May's abysmal apology for a Government by @allisterheath 'The kamikaze Brexit strategy of this Government beggars belief'  via @Telegraph 
Brexit will break the NHS. A stark warning from a report released on FOI from a hospital in Surrey - it shows that Brexit will negatively affect every corner of the NHS. Those who voted for Brexit to give more money to the NHS acted on a false promise... #SaveOurNHS #StopBrexit 
Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal. Please sign the petition, over 500,000 signatures so far!  
Support is clearly strong for #PeoplesVote but Brexiteers fear it with reverse or considerably soften Brexit as otherwise they would surely welcome more of 'the people have spoken' rhetoric to endorse their cherished hard Brexit.  
There should be genuine embarrassment and concern amongst the political elite, that they have brought this Brexit crisis upon our four nations, not forgetting the unsettling impact on our neighbours and friends in Ireland and the rest of the EU.  
In event of no deal, 1m+ Brits living on continent will no longer be able to stay indefinitely. They may be forced out of adopted home.Would appreciate if any Brexiter could please explain how no deal better than a bad deal for them & how they envisage a solution?#brexit 
The evidence is mounting that Gove knows that Brexit has failed.  He should say so directly.  
Frankly the fact she was allowed a vote in a UK Constitutional type Referendum as an Australian whereas my EU citizen wife in UK, British mother in EU had none & all Brits living in Australia cannot vote in any of their elections should concern us more as an inexplicable anomaly 
How bad a politician do you need to be to:Start with:  A winning Brexit hand. 52% public approvalEnd up with: Touting yourself round the capitals of Europe begging them to stop kicking us so hard? 12% public approvalThe most incompetent PM ever?#MayMustGo 
Yesterday I asked the people serving in the coffee shop from the EU27 if they had signed the #PeoplesVote"No, what is that" they said.."Is it possible to stop #Brexit"?Out comes the flyers...Also didn't know about @The3MillionDifferent coffee shop today.People don't know. 
The Bank of England is on track to raise interest rates for only the second time since the financial crisis, even though Brexit threatens to prove a rough ride for the U.K. economy  
EU WILL LOSE: Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
Credit Suisse chooses Frankfurt as key post-Brexit hub  
Guess what? People don't want to wake up to the Brexit Broadcasting Company. You listening Sarah Sands?  
Europe is racing headlong toward the tipping point. Italy, Poland, Hungary and the Brexit voters get it. The rest is held by Libs who  won’t be happy ‘til Christianity is wiped off the face of the continent and every magnificent cathedral is torn down and replaced by a mosque. 
How many 'final' says are you looking for?  Best of 3?  Best of 5?  We've already had the referendum.  It's a done deal. You idiots don't seem to understand democracy.  #Brexit is going to happen, it's just down to the details now. Get a grip and move forward.  
Theresa May fires BREXIT WARNING to Macron: Stop blocking or FRANCE will lose jobs  
Stay informed and up to date on our facility needs for the district. Lots of information about the Bond Referendum 
TOMMY ROBINSON thanked his supporters as he walked free from prison today after a judge overturned his conviction for contempt of court! #BREXIT #WWG1WGA 
Calling us bizarre & a cult only shows @DailyMailUK is scared.It cannot control what we think or how we say it.It's not a conspiracy theory to discuss the facts that are grounded in research.@POTUS#PatriotsUnited#WWG1WGA#MBGA#BREXIT#AdjunctProfessr 
Brexit: Kamikaze pilots - there is real madness in the Telegraph Group giving Allister Heath a platform and the power to spread his ignorance. The real Kamikaze pilots are the likes of Mr Heath, and the target is the UK...  #Brexinfo. 
Brexit: champagne, parmesan, prosecco and feta could soon be at the center of negotiations by @enricobonadio and @Dr_MarcMimler 
Bank of England poised to raise rates in the face of Brexit risk  
Accidental no deal on Brexit looms larger  
93% of companies expect revenue to fall in 2019’Why is this?Global economic downturn? No, quite the opposite.World War 3? No, despite Putin and Trump’s lunacy.No, it’s unnecessary, self-inflicted Brexit damage, which we could reverse at any time. 
Brexit is the stuff of nightmares, it’s essential Government explains to businesses & the public exactly what the implications of Brexit are, and accepts a #PeoplesVote is the sensible, democratic option, with one option to Remain. 
I not an expert in politics or economics. I have nothing to add to the #Brexit debate but the odd sweary rant & an unswerving belief that reason & common sense will prevail. The Brexit dream is exposed for what it is, a total, unequivocal, undeliverable disaster. #PeoplesVote 
article linked by the creator of the Independent's #FinalSay petition which states that regardless of whether the government actually get a Brexit deal, the ballot should include an option to Remain in the EU. #PeoplesVote 
EU WILL LOSE: Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
The @BBC is totally complicit in the current #brexit shambles. 
This, right here, is what the Labour leadership’s lack of opposition to Brexit has allowed. A Tory Government using votes for Labour as cover for ignoring the breaking of electoral law, and pressing on regardless with an appallingly mishandled and damaging Brexit.  
Brexit is such a cutesy nickname for one of the worst self-inflicted wounds a European nation has ever committed. It's like calling Operation Barbarossa "Opbarb" 
Wow, is the Today programme still on? I thought it had been rebranded as the Daily Brexit Propaganda Bulletin. Absolutely the opposite of impartiality that I would expect from @BBCRadio4, and I say that as an ex-BBC staffer. 
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future:  #PeoplesVote 
My apologies to Indonesians for the disgusting treatment of one of their immigration officers by a British citizen. As for these sorts of visa issues… Us Brits may need to get used to them, as this could be France or Spain next year! #Brexit #FBPE 
SF president position consistent. Prefer no #brexit but a unity referendum is coming regardless. The paper of record uses this to trot out tired old smear against SF using the time dishonored “it’s not us, but some might say”  
All that bollocks about #Brexit to keep the Tory party together for the sake of it's future. If this is the best candidate for leader then oblivion awaits.   
French drug maker Sanofi has said it will stockpile drugs and vaccines in the event of a 'no deal' #Brexit  
I can't think of a nastier group of individuals trying to make out they're all respectable - in modern times. And that extends to the Neo-Cons (the emphasis on *con*) and Neo-Fascists pushing us all over the #Brexit cliff. 
And I’m also seething with anger he has hoodwinked good socialists with his Racism & UKIP policies about Brexit.  
This might be the stupidest rationale for brexit I've seen all day.  
Britain’s economy has slowed to a standstill, largely because of Brexit  
I have to say, I’d have a lot more confidence in UK’s ability to deal with Brexit if the 17m people who voted for it knew the fucking difference between you’re and your. 
May can't deliver the #Brexit we voted for.#Conservatives Eurosceptics must grow a backbone  & remove her.I have had enough. Our country has had enough.Have you had enough?Please retweet if you agree that#MayMustGo#Brexit#BrexitBetrayal 
Good point, Mikka! No need to go for referendum anymore though We had one on #1oct and another one on #20D. So, let's go for #VagaGeneralPerIndependència! 
Letters: ‘No one has got what they wanted from Brexit – which is why we need a Final Say’  
The man who is dictating Britain must have a second Referendum with EU helping to overturn the democratic result - Mr Brok - is also Chief EU election observer in Zimbabwe?!  &  
May’s hand has been massively strengthened in the #Brexit negotiations after a new study has revealed that using World Trade Organisation rules will turn Britain into an economic powerhouse#ProjectFear #WTOnow #ChequersMeansCorbyn 
“Brexit is shaping up to be the stuff of nightmares and it’s essential the government begins to explain a. to businesses and b. the public exactly the implications of a no deal brexit’ #stopbrexit 
Because mucker, for once, we have an opposition , not the drooling, snivelling, crappy , 3rd rate Tory tribute band we ALL came to despise.cc #Brexit 
Councils preparing for social unrest amid Brexit uncertainty - Sky News  
It would be nice to get rid of May but we need to be very careful. If she was replaced by someone like Soubry tt would do untold harm to brexit and create dreadful problems for the country, perhaps even leading to violence or civil disobedience. JRM would do nicely. 
Achieved while in the EU. So @LiamFox will you apologise for the endlessly repeated #LeaveLies that the EU is an obstacle to UK trade with rest of the world.#PeoplesVote #brexit  
‘Brexit is a Tory project – as a Momentum member, this is why I back a Final Say’  
UK Ministers make industry sign NDAs, refuse to meet @The3Million & @BritishInEurope, and instruct their embassies to put out embarrassing propaganda about Brexit ‘opportunities’.@scotgov ministers go around the country listening to citizens’ concerns and trying to help them. 
BREXIT KIN SUCK MA FUCKIN BAW BAG. NAE CUNT IS GONNAE MAKE ME PAY MAIR FIR MA CHAMPAGNE OAN PAIN AY A FUCKIN HEIDBUTT 
I would like to thank @ukip and @GerardBattenMEP for giving me a good reason to remind myself how good @walkers_crisps are. 6 packs currently 2 for £2 in Tesco.Now what is their address so I can send them the empty packets.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #BuyWalkersSupportGary #FBPE 
EU WILL LOSE: Barnier MUST agree Brexit finance deal or European firms will SUFFER What everyone with a brain knows but the MSM ignoreIf there is to be a no deal the EU will suffer in Financial Services as thousands of EU companies would go to the wall. 
"The company added that the lower value of the pound since the Brexit referendum vote had caused "currency-translation effects"."BBC News - E.On plans to cut 500 jobs in the UK  
Food industry bosses claim #Brexit is 'shaping up to be stuff of nightmares'  
We can't argue with your anecdotal experience. Our report is based on an analysis of very wide polling. 41 polls since last year's general election show that the country does not want Brexit. The probability that they are all wrong, or even half of them, is utterly minuscule. 
and the worst example of this is what Brexit will do to our nearest neighbour Republic of Ireland. But then, we have shat on Ireland for 800 years with barely a pause for breath .... 
EU citizen in Aberdeen? Come along to share your concerns about #Brexit on Thursday 16th August.  
Brexit Means Brexit!!  
The BBC’s policy on Brexit is under attack and unsustainableGreat article @RadioTimes 
What precisely would a successful #Brexit for Scotland look like? 
I agree with almost everything @DavidLammy says. The only thing I can’t get past is his shocking decision to support Spurs... apart from that he does seem like a top bloke though, and the most high profile Labour MP who is actively working to stop Brexit, so he’s not all wrong 
It's far more than a lack of impartiality. To treat #brexit as a done deal is to make a decision only the British public can make through their political attitudes and activity. The duty of the BBC is to report public debate, not to decide what the public is allowed to debate. 
Is bullying of House of Commons Clerks really of no relevance? I get you want to discus Brexit every minute of every day but that doesn’t make other important news worthless.  
How many of you considered yourself moderates until the left wing and Brexit pushed you further to the right? If you feel they are trying to silence you do you push harder to the right? Would appreciate your honest replies. 
BBC not impartial. BBC’s collaboration with Brexit agenda scandalous.  
UK says Brexit no-deal warnings are 'Project Reality', not 'Project Fear'  
OED1. To #Brexit: vi.Process of losing control while halucinating you're gaining it.2. To be #Brexited: vt.An act whereby others make you poorer & remove your rights.3. #Brexit: n.A clusterf*** which shafts a country & hands power & control to the Exec & Far Right.#FBPE 
Whistleblower Accuses Nine Organisations of Colluding over Hard Brexit and was dismissed from Tax Payer’s Alliance after he exposed illegal behavior at Vote Leave  
'The kamikaze Brexit strategy of this Government beggars belief'.  A brilliant article from @AllisterHeath. When will @theresa_may start batting for Britain? 
The British people have been through Project Fear during the Brexit referendum. They rejected fear and pessimism in favour of optimism and freedom.   A good deal for them will be a good deal for Ireland.  
No serious Labour supporter - unless they seriously want to be losing against the worst Government of all time in perpetuity and couldn't care less about Brexit  - can really honestly want Corbyn to continue in his job much longer  
How strange! France would not sell us insulin in the event of No-Deal Brexit?Some politicians are having serious hypo attacks.   
Whoop, more and more calling for #FinalSay #PeoplesVoteMPs and MEPs from across southern England back calls for a referendum on any final Brexit deal#FFBPE 
Finally; the penny drops! We have been telling her this for two years. Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
I fear not many Leavers will bother watching this, but here are three blokes who know what they are talking about talking about trade and travel within and outside the EU and the damage Brexit will do - its hugely informative, and easy to understand.  
People want a final say on Brexit. Let them have it.A clear majority now want the chance to have a say on the way out of this mess in a referendum, says ⁦@thatginamiller⁩.Hold a #PeoplesVote with an option to keep our excellent EU membership deal 
This petition for a vote on the final deal is about to break through its first 500k. Sign and share the blooming life out of it to everyone! Let's get this into the stratosphere before Parliament is back. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
‘Play dirty’ as in ripping up guarantees of no border made during Brexit campaign by serving NI SoS, ripping up backstop Agreement and treating UK’s external border as someone else’s problem (which you know full well WTO rules will not allow.)  
BREXIT CHAOS: Dover custom checks could be suspended in event of Brexit gridlock /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
@SkyNews brilliant again on Brexit with fears of local councils and British ex-pats which @BBCNews fail to cover 
Organise #Brexit? The Tories can’t even organise a bottle of water. No, it’s true, they literally can’t!...#ToryBrexitShambles 
Good morning, Australia. A new @AustJIA out, the first edited by @DaviesSaraE and I. Read about power, ASEAN, international criminal justice, voting, middle powers, intel and space...and Brexit:  
"#LaManada rapist detained for robbery, attempting to run over a security guard and driving while suspended. Good thing he'll be released, unlike the Catalan politicians who've been on remand for 10 months for holding a referendum" @superwomanroja 
EU WILL LOSE: Theresa May told WTO will turn UK into an ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE after Brexit  
Going to nip SF’s distortion-of-the-day in the bud - I said modern, progressive states arent built on slipping a majority past in a panic-induced border poll & that we must aim higher. I’ll keep saying that - screaming for a poll with no groundwork is exactly as vacuous as Brexit  
While every current political debate concerns Brexit, anti-semitism, nationalism or party infighting, may we beg for some light relief and hear some views on how to tackle poverty, health care, education, housing and the economy. You know, like just for a laugh? 
Gonna be hard for Republicans in early 2019 to argue the Midterms weren’t a referendum on impeachment when Trump himself is saying they’re exactly that.  
BBC Director General Lord Hall has grossly distorted #Brexit politics by promoting the government line that #Brexit is a done deal. This is an open assault on the fundamental democratic right to oppose. Lord Hall must go. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
An appeal.We have a perfect storm in Uk politics.Brexit has divided the nation.The Tories are completely discredited and as divided as ever.LabourThe dirt and divisions even worse. The single minded focus of so many on one country(not ours) has completely blinded one half 1/ 
The UK’s net contribution to Brussels is forecast to have soared by more than four billion pounds — over 51 percent –between the year the country voted for Brexit and the year it leaves the bloc.  Is this why Mr Drunk and Frau Merkel are gloating?  #fo2eu 
#GDP growth figures for the #UK have overtaken the #Eurozone in Q2 of this year.Companies choose to #Remain and invest in the UK -- ignore the #BrexitHysteria. The economy is robust, and we look forward to #Brexit!#ProjectPositive 
Brexit 'will break the NHS' warns local hospital of Brexit Secretary  
I keep asking for positive Brexit stories to retweet, even askIng UKIP MEPs, and all I get is this kind of honest reporting from @faisalislam *sighs*  Have the Brexiteers really disappeared into a bunker? 
>@jeremycorbyn and @theresa_may are two sides of the same coin when it comes about #Brexit. Hoping for these useless politicians who put party before country to do something about this disastrous #Brexit is a waste of time. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
“Anti-semitism row threatens to tear Labour apart”.Good. Let’s hope it does. After all,  it’s bad enough that May & Co are putting the country in peril by fouling up Brexit so badly.  But a Labour government really would finish us off for good...  
I’d like to see Sheila Hancock speak out now about Brexit with the passion we saw in EU Ref: reluctant so far, alas.  
TORY BREXIT2016: “I see no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside”2018:  
#WhyIJoinedTwitter to waste time and avoid having to negotiate Brexit x 
History will record that social media both caused Brexit and stopped Brexit. The old days of letters to the editor could never have created this passion with such huge numbers of people. Social Media is exposing the Brexit lies daily and will be instrumental in its failure. 
Our #FinalSay petition for a referendum on the Brexit deal has reached 490,000. Sign here to help us reach 500,000  
Between this, Farage’s painful LBC response to the No-Deal vet shortage and Nadine Dorries’ random accusations of sexism, the future for Britain is fucking bleak right now. A no-deal Brexit would ruin us, that is now irrefutable. How is this still on the table?  
Coming up tomorrow on @AlexSalmondShow, Henry McLeish talks; #Brexit, #Scotland, #Europe and @realDonaldTrump (oh, and a reference to a “juvenile” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg)Thursdays at 7:30am | 6:30pm | 11:30pmOn: Sky 511 or online at  
Brexit shambles is now beyond parody: that's why we need a #PeoplesVote 
While people talk about the theoretical cost of this or that form of Brexit, the real, quantifiable, actual cost of EU membership is up by half.  
Hahahaha!  Listen to ⁦Charlie I’mThick, Dover MP, He’s saying that despite lack of preparation for Brexit we should stiffen our lips & keep marching on.(One would reasonably expect the 40 years of ERG-type moaning would mean super-detailed planning)  
Morten Morland on Theresa May's Brexit meeting with Emmanuel Macron - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
It's a con, it's jobs pesticide, it's the conversion of one of the world's big economies to a tax haven and a food bank. All this we know. But shouldn't it be said that, since it ends our right to elect MEPs, #Brexit is also the first confiscated vote any of us have ever known? 
Just in case you were wondering, the national contingency structure in the UK is fucked and it won’t be able to offset the impact of any major societal change or disaster, let alone cope with Brexit. 
This is yet another proof why the referendum on Oct 1 was necessary and further negotiations with Madrid pointless. The right of self-determination should be recognized by every government of an EU member state. 
The Brexit ultras are losing the plot, says Stephen Daisley.  
“Brexit will be a disaster for the island of Ireland, as an Irish republican I believe that our best interests are served in an united and agreed Ireland, where the rights of all are protected” .@MaryLouMcDonald speaking at the New Gate Fringe Festival in Derry 
Latest great scare: Brexit will put BLT sandwiches at risk according to the British Sandwich Association. There would be a shortage of lettuce and tomatoes. How did we ever survive 1940? 
I suspect the Bank of England is doing this to create some headroom so that they can cut the rate again as a "stimulus"  in the event of a #Brexit No Deal. But all it's really going to do is curtail spending in the real economy over the next few months. 
Gove, who was 2nd fave pre-chequers for Tory leader, has now fallen to num 5 with just 7% support among Tory base.This is what you get for not only knifing a Brexiteer candidate, but then selling out your own pro-Brexit credentials to keep your job with a remainer PM?#Brexit  
You don't own sexist abuse. Just because I'm pro brexit and right wing doesn't mean I'm not allowed to stand up for myself  
John Redwood: Project Fear from EU is just absurd!Much of Extreme Project Fear comes from #EUThey are clearly worried we might Leave without making them a large payment.Their efforts are silly!As cursory questioning of these stories would show.#Brexit 
The polls say that the country wants a second referendum and does not want to leave the #EU. Are you listening, @Theresa_May and @JeremyCorbyn? 
Theresa May is making a pigs ear of Brexit and an election soon is a real possibility. The Blairites want to remove him before Labour come to power  
It’s detrimental to us all. Bullying is never ok and the view on Brexit doesn’t matter for that. You’ll find that I made those points to followers who, e.g. threw crap at A. Jenkyns and JHB. I mean it when I say I’m not standing for bullying. But there is 0 bullying here. 0. 2/2 
Dear @LowTaxChloe,Many female Brexit commentators, including me, get vile online bullying on Twitter. Every. Single. Day. Some of us have had death threats; I even had a person follow me. Yet here you are, throwing out a bullying accusation  when nothing has happened. Why? 1/  
There is now a significant turning point in UK attitudes to #Brexit, reports Professor Adrian Low for @Reasons2Remain. ‘The evidence is now overwhelming that the UK absolutely does not want Brexit.’ Please share widely. Link:  #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
MUST-WATCH: creator of brilliant comedy "The Thick of It", @Aiannucci, tells us why he's backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
The planets said to be aligning for a Boris-Mogg joint ticket to replace remainer May. With Jacob Rees-Mogg endorsing Boris as PM and standing by his side, this 'dream team' will make remoaners wet their beds?#Brexit#BoMogg 
--- Update ---Eddie Izzard and Marianna Masters (from honeymoon!) make it 15 Labour NEC candidates to state their Brexit and #PeoplesVote stance here Please RT 
The UK Government-owned Royal Mint decided not to produce a coin for Bannockburn's 700th anniversary because it came in the same year as the independence referendum.  
It all comes down to the power of the hoover. I made this comic yesterday when I saw a quote on my twitter TL by an MP who offered up the power of vacuum cleaners as a reason why Brexit is good idea. Strange days indeed! FT   
Great to see @Aiannucci support a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit following in the footsteps of @DeborahMeaden @GaryLineker @Independent & @TheEconomist - this is an opportunity for all of us to join in and give all of us the say on our futures @peoplesvote_uk 
When you are #Brexit deep in the paper, and your heart and brain need a different fuel.  ⁦@thetimes⁩ 
Bloody hell @faisalislam must have been on lunch when this slipped out...#Brexit will not cause UK trade 'disruption' - WTO boss - Sky News  
But Scotland doesn't want Brexit because we know there isn't a cat's chance in hell of it being anything close to a success for anyone.   We must resist this lunacy.  
Treasury: UK’s EU Contribution up 50 Percent Between Brexit Vote and Divorce Date   
Brexit is becoming 'stuff of nightmares', food industry boss warns  
The political class doesn’t represent the views of the people. The Brexit vote was carried on an abuse of the democratic process and a string of lies which the gov seems unwilling to confront. If #Brexit goes ahead it will be an economic and social disaster of epic proportions. 
To achieve anything like this, @Jeremy_Hunt, you’d have to face down the “walk away” warmongers within your own party.That’s fairly unlikely.They’ll drive the “messy divorce” with jingoistic fervour. Ultimately we’ll need to stop Brexit to stop their madness.  
What did you find down the rabbit hole ? Alice in Brexit wonderland & a crazy white rabbit ....  
The new anti-Semitism is a byproduct of the socialism of simpletons. The more the left embraces a conspiratorial worldview, on everything from capitalism to Brexit, the more it nurtures the anti-Semitic imagination.Brendan O’Neill on the left and Jews  
Boris's popularity among the Conservative base as Tory leader shoots up from number 5 to top position in latest poll. After the nation saw that Boris was one of the few members in Cabinet who's in it for #Brexit rather than a cushy job blessed by Remainer May?  
HELLO #EUArmy GOODBYE #Brexit With the failures of mass-migration destroying Europe, there's been a rise in Nationalism, weaking the EU.So in June of 2018... 9 nations agreed to build a "Joint Military Intervention Force".WATCH & LEARN:  
They were among the most ardent supporters of Brexit, but now some residents of this town are relishing a European adventure  
Happening now: The mother of Jocques Clemmons, fatally shot by MNPD last year, carries in a box of 8,269 signatures to the clerk's office in support of a referendum for a police oversight board in Nashville. @OversightNow 
Dave Brown on Theresa May's Brexit meeting with Emmanuel Macron - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
Spain's plan to 'convince' Catalans to stick with them consists of insults, false promises, violence, imprisonments, forced exiles, lies, ignoring election/referendum results, more violence etc. I think they need a better Strategy Manager. 
 Yup - what the good Prof said. Plus the active pursuit of a “walk away” Brexit deliberately plays our country into a dark path of hostility with our neighbours & vulnerability to the worst politics in our country.  
Great to be back at the fab Royal Seven Stars this evening  ⁦@rsstotnes⁩ Thanks ⁦@Devon4Europe⁩ Please join the growing campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the final terms of Brexit before it’s too late  
Do you support our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on any Brexit deal? Let us know with a Final Say sign -  
EXCLUSIVE: The Thick Of It creator Armando Iannucci supports a Second Referendum  
German sources deny Brexit deal offer amid panic in Remain campaign  
BREXIT: The Thick Of It creator demands second referendum to stop a Brexit 'catastrophe' /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Because I was in shock on & after 24.06.16 & doubly so when the leader of @UKLabour (I was a member) said on @BBCNews that #Article50 needed to be triggered immediately with no plan & no post #EURef debate in Parliament. I joined to fight #Brexit & #Corbyn #WhyIJoinedTwitter 
After pulling off that sensational run-out, Virat blew two kisses, high-fived someone, told the crowd to shut up, mocked Root for his 'mic drop' told him to f-off, high-fived someone else... anything else? Solved Brexit? World peace? 
Imagine if after a referendum, the new all-powerful establishment claimed that *any* public criticism of them was “the establishment” hounding them. Classic paranoid ruler stuff - the leadership pretending to be victims. This is Britain in 2018.  
The Thick Of It creator @Aiannucci demands second referendum to stop a Brexit 'catastrophe' 
The latest The Brexit Digest!  Thanks to @mikegalsworthy @jameschappers @Doozy_45 #brexit #peoplesvote 
The Irish government should offer the Brits steamy bowls of watery broth when they run out of food in this Brexit mess. But there's a catch...You must become Catholic OH HOW THE TABLES HAVE TURNED  
#WhyIJoinedTwitter Because I no longer trusted @facebook have no trust in the @BBC or @STVNews I prefer to interact with people whose aim is  to #DissolvetheUnion Hold #Scotref , gain independence and see my country walk away from the shambles that is #Brexit 
Brexit the Street show #EdFringe18 
Insulin maker Sanofi stockpiles medicines ahead of Brexit  
Our #FinalSay campaign for a vote on the final Brexit deal has reached 460,000. Sign here to help us get to 500,000  
Is this confirmation that the scare stories appearing in the press daily are coming from Number 10?Brexit: This is project reality, not project fear, says Hunt -  
#quote"Am I the only one who despairs at the sight of the PM of Great Britain trailing around Europe begging its leaders to back her version of Brexit?"Well said Ann WiddecombeBrits don't want the #ChequersPlan either :/ What *does* May think she's doing. 
brilliant advice it surely was - created the slowest recovery in 300 years, worst recovery in real wages since records were kept and Brexit - i would give up your day job  
I’m told Rosie Duffield will become the latest Labour MP to call for a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal tomorrow. Armando Iannucci, director of The Thick Of It, will also declare support for it, incidentally. 
Coming up on @Channel4News confidential documents revealing the customs chaos at Dover post Brexit could lead to 20 times more declarations than HMRC’s official estimate. Chaos to ensue.... 
Live now on The James Whale Show featuring Ash► Jeremy Corbyn sorry for Holocaust memorial "hurt"► Councils prepare for Brexit social unrest► Cyclist test could cut road deaths@THEJamesWhale | @virtualash |  
Theresa May's #Brexit plan would cost £500 per person per year according to the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. The so-called soft Brexit Chequers deal will leave the UK considerably weaker than the status quo. #StopBrexit #RenewBritain  
As #Brexit day comes ever nearer, I just wondered if people were now putting 'I voted for Brexit' posters in their windows. They must be so proud of all the positive outcomes that will be delivered, they must want their friends and neighbours to know what they did. 
Err the editor @George_Osborne is one of you @carolecadwalla anti/Brexit fantasist who pushes #FakeNews project fear and guess what - his boss is one of Putins top men in UK - @standardnews owned by a Russian @Arron_banks 
Boris seems to have found a new big name Brexiteer ally. With Jacob Rees-Mogg on board, he could offer Brexit-backing colleagues and party members their dream ticket. Where BoGo flopped, BoMogg could triumph.  
Quite incredible that BBC Panorama - since my childhood THE best investigative journalism on TV - has not as yet covered the impact on people’s lives of No Deal? It really does feel like the BBC has been instructed how to cover Brexit & ‘No Deal’ impact in particular. Sinister. 
Brexiteer MP warns Theresa May of 'UPROAR' if THIS key Brexit pledge remains undelivered   
A must read by ⁦@JamesDelingpole⁩ as to why so many Liberty pro Brexit commentators got it wrong on #TommyRobinson case and the man. 
OMFG I’ve seen everything now in #brexit.UK govt now demanding special passport lanes for British people as a sign they’ve won Brexit.This is insane.An insane cult.  
So, @DavidSkopje, you call out those who intends to boycott your little referendum, and then you... block all of them who respond to you? Bold strategy Cotton  
It is time to consider that the BBC has actually been taken over by the right wing. Labour constantly derided. Right wing, UKIP , EDL , publicised. Tories are left untouched to help them recover poll position. Brexit being rubber stamped. BBC unfit for purpose. 
Customs etc:Is it really beyond the bounds of possibility that Customs authorities will design their inspection regimes to suit the level of traffic expected?Supermarkets do it all the time.......it ain't rocket science.Viva Brexit! 
Local council reports reveal the true extent of nightmare no-deal Brexit  
Listen. @ezralevant and @JamesDelingpole sum up the deep state and the problems Tommy, Brexit, free speech and conservatism face. We have to win  
Am standing in a queue in the Phoenix Park cafe with a coach load of English people. It has only just occurred to them that they have to pay with €. This is why brexit happened 
2016: “No downsides to Brexit, only considerable upsides”2018: “Councils preparing for social unrest amid Brexit uncertainty”Stop this shambles. #StopBrexit. 
BSCentral and ‘24yr old girl’ (when she wants to look ‘bullied’) Westley’s TLs are EVERYTHING that’s wrong with Brexit; shady backing, unpalatable agenda, pumping out dishonest propaganda and turning a nation on itself because it just does not have facts or integrity on its side. 
This says it all. The people who know what happening with #Brexit are leaving the UK. It’s disgusting that the people influencing these decisions will make a personal fortune while everyone else struggles  
I have a cunning plan to make a fortune out of #Brexit. I'm going to buy thousands of pay and display machines and fit them down the length of the M20. Also opportunities for a chain of burger vans and pay as you go loos. 
When Corbyn feigned a Remain stance, Corbynistas had a Remain stance. The fact that so many Corbynites are now apologists for a Hard Brexit shows:1) Corbyns true position.2) That extremists will normalise any position if it serves their tribe.3) How dangerous cults can be. 
And on the #Brexit front another of the Remainer Project fear sorry #lies crashes and burns. At one point it was said 200k would go then 100k now 5000, which would have gone anyway being replaced by fin tech jobs. 
UK says Brexit no-deal warnings are 'Project Reality', not 'Project Fear'  
Where is Corbyn on #Brexit? We face biggest calamity post-war & he's silent. Party increasingly seen on the doorstep as self absorbed, out of touch and anti-Semitic. They need to follow the views of members and supporters, back a #peoplesvote & stop a calamitous Brexit. #FBPE 
Remainers often say the referendum was only "advisory". True, but I don't think that argument is in the spirit of true democracy.However, if we accept that the obligation to Brexit isn't legal, but moral, then Brexit is only legitimate to the extent that it fulfils its promises. 
Tory MP Shapps had been due to secretly receive cryptocurrency tokens worth hundreds of thousands of pounds for his role advising the blockchain startup OpenBrix, but in the register of members' financial interests the MP had listed this role as unpaid. 
The LADYBIRD BOOK of BEING POORER.Part of the 'Learning to Live with #Brexit' series.#LadybirdBrexit #FBPE 
"The #EU's hallmark isn't #freetrade among its members but a #CommonExternalTariff against the rest of the world" #BarbaraCastle, #Labour #MP (1945 - 1979)  @labourleave #LabourParty #Brexit #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns 
I have just discovered that Australian students call flouncing or being so spangled on illegal substances that someone is out of it "Brexiting" and this has cheered me up ENORMOUSLY  "to us, Brexit is just a big ol' meme" 
Leaked: Govt Plan for Open Borders After ‘No Deal’ Brexit, Border Force Too Small   
Sorry, UK Deep State, you lost. There is no stopping Tommy now. He will not relent until the good Patriots of Britain have run every single one of you out of town and achieved the Brexit they voted for.  
Our security chiefs have identified Russia as the prime security threat to this country. #Brexit would be a huge victory for Putin. Your government @Jeremy_Hunt is helping him gain that victory. A government of traitors!#BrexitBetraysBritain.#PeoplesVote 
What if it wasn’t Britain leaving but another member state? Would the #EU27's actions seem punitive? An interesting counterfactual by @chrisgreybrexit for @prospect_uk#BREXIT  
A food industry boss has called for a meeting with the government as he warned that Brexit is becoming "the stuff of nightmares"  
Peter Shore's words don't change through time. It was a prophetic warning when he spoke against staying in the EEC during the referendum campaign of 1975. And his words ring so true then & now.This from a man who had been a Labour cabinet Minister 
In opposition 63% of the time during the past century and only managing to trail home 60 seats behind the worst PM in living memory, why aren't Labour vehemently exposing the folly of a tainted referendum and distinguishing themselves from this Tory plot? 
More and more Brexit feels like the slide into WWI. Sensible people just seem to be falling back on an axiomatic belief that others are also sensible people & will not make the obviously calamitous decision. Why? 
After self determination referendum last 1st October, #Catalonia civil society organized CDR: Committees to Defend the Republic. Today in #London the Londoneer CDR has organized a concentration in the #Ecuador embassy in order to support #JulianAssange. 
A foretaste of something to come from @NewsOrkney and possibly also from the post #Brexit diet. #GreatBritain #KeepCannibalismTheSecret #WelcomeToGREAT #DissolveTheUnion 
Hunt warns of Brexit risking a “terrible mistake” we are still talking about in 20 or 30 years.Drug companies are stockpiling medicine.Families will be worse off.Parts of Kent will be a lorry park.And the entire thing is built on a pack of lies.He should #StopBrexit. 
"Public opinion is inexorably moving in the direction of a public final say. It is the best hope we now have."Add your name and share if you think the people deserve the final say on this chaotic Brexit:  
Help me out guys.....I was B a n n e d 3 days ago and lost 1000’s of followers, fellow #Brexiteers #TommyRobinson #Patriots Please follow and give me a shout out.Much appreciated friends #MBGA #MAGA #Brexit #Trump #TommyFree      
This completely over the top reporting of Tommy Robinson sums up the problem with @BBCNews.  Barely a mention of the scandal surrounding the referendum but endless chat about TR. 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Fwee at last!Wee coke addled Timmy fwee to buy some of the good stuff at market rate. Heres your"hero"Gammonistas-a 2 foot tall,drug addled con man in the pocket of the Brexit cartel wholl destroy your country.Ever get the feeling youve been cheated  
#PeoplesVote as our backstop must not be ‘on the deal’ - no final deal is projected until well after Brexit is scheduled to happen. The #PeoplesVote must happen before March 2019, & the choice must be ‘continue with the Brexit process’ or ‘Remain.’ 
What Mueller finds in the US must be looked for here in the UK. It is utterly implausible that meddling happened in the US election but not in the 2016 EU referendum. That referendum is void on the grounds of illegality - already proven - and Brexit should stopped. 
This discussion is just wonderful. Ex-UKIP leader trying to spin Local Authorities' grim Brexit risk assessments as a positive, and blaming the government for not having enough experts.From the party that said there was no risk to Brexit, and that we shouldn't listen to experts  
UK EU budget bill soars 9% to £8.8bn and will continue after Brexit  
The City will lose as few as 5,000 jobs because of Brexit - far lower than originally feared - according to an estimate by the City of London Corporation.Remember: a 2016 report estimated 75,000 jobs would be lost to Brexit. #WrongThenWrongNow 
At this point, is it possible that anybody still believes, I mean really believes that Brexit is a good idea? Or are they just going along with it to save face?#StopBrexit@GMB @GaryLineker @labourpress @NHSMillion @OFOCBrexit 
Post Brexit Blues?The Conservative Party is allowing Theresa May to threaten its very existence with her handling of Brexit. Why? 
City of London slashes Brexit job-loss estimate  
More than 400,000 people sign The Independent’s FinalSay petition calling for a referendum on any Brexit deal  
THE DREAM TEAM OF . .  . @BorisJohnson & @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  might happen sooner than we think!  All Brexiteers are praying for this!  #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit… 
In the two years since the EU Referendum,most of  us have been scratching our heads as to why the UK had so supinely surrendered to every outrageous demand from the EU?All is now clear.When the PM said 'Brexit means Brexit',what she really meant was,'Brexit means REMAIN.' 
The anger at the #BrexitBetrayal is immense.MPs can't be allowed to overturn the biggest democratic vote in our history.The @forbritainparty says,"Brexit NOW, without any further delay." 
Excellent from @bungeeless_jump "There is no Brexit scenario in which Tommy Robinson's supporters, and those that fund them from across the Atlantic, give up on their hate and allow us to build socialism." 
We have waited 45 years to get our freedom back.The 17.4 million who voted for Brexit will get what they voted for.A massive 60% of the voters in Crewe and Nantwich voted for Brexit.The MPs who are trying to stop this will lose their jobs.#BrexitNow#MayMustGo 
Please Labour, sort yourselves out, get a genuine talented leader, ally up with like minded Parties & quickly dispose of these crazy Tories & Brexit.Perhaps we can then really get on with resolving all the other issues that plight this country & it's people... 
I have never regretted voting for Brexit – and the EU's latest bullying tactics have made me more certain about it than ever - The Independent  
Important piece from Duncan Morrow highlighting fragility of the Good Friday Agreement & how Brexit poses a massive threat overarching British-Irish relationship and political cohesion of NI. Those dismissing the impact of Brexit on GFA should take note.  
I hear the EU has produced 72 leaflets advising its citizens, in detail, of the impact of Brexit.Meanwhile the UKGov has decided not to tell its citizens ANYTHING.  It has denied, then hidden its own impact assessments, then quietly forgotten themWhy do you suppose that is? 
Home Office leak reveals Theresa May could keep free movement in a no-deal Brexit 
A challenge for all UK MPs : watch all of this with all your staff,constituents & friends and see how long it takes before you are hanging by your ankles out of the window begging for them not to drop you? It's time you idiots and cowards STOPPED BREXIT  
Theresa May has split the UK further apart by dithering over Brexit for the past 2 years. First was the 9 month delay in invoking Article 50 to absolutely zero advantage. Then an almighty shambles ever since. Appalling 
The secret to stopping #Brexit is to make it personal, all the talk of bankers relocating, lorries parking on a motorway don't directly affect the average Leave voter. How many people on a low income ever buy a chicken & avocado sandwich? #Brexit, make it personal for the Leaver 
Who does Hunt think he’s fooling? His recent statements on Brexit beggar belief. If your own ‘red lines’ prevent a SM/CU Deal because your red lines don’t follow the rules, then No Deal is no accident at all - it’s all of your own making.   
Final Say: More than 400,000 people have signed The Independent’s petition calling for referendum on any Brexit deal  
The reason we voted Brexit can be summed up by British pro-Europeans incredulously saying "But what if we had to to be in Schengen?!?!" as if able to go to France with only a driver's license were the end of the world. 
I started off this year fighting for devolution. I was wrong. DEVOLUTION IS NO LONGER ENOUGH. Independence now by any means possible. Referendum, Parliamentary vote, Westminster election, Scottish election. Yes even by riots on the streets if that's what it takes. 
Dream on. Those who know there is no merit in the "WTO Brexit option" are all the leading experts on international trade policy and law, the Bank of England, the OBR, NIESR and the UK government, which says it would cost 8 per cent of GDP. All famously ignorant pre-Copernicans. 
Do you support our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on any Brexit deal? Let us know with a Final Say sign -  
'Politicians are SERVANTS!' Gina Miller DEMANDS second Brexit vote - 'We WILL take charge'  
I've said it before and I'll say it again - I'm not fighting Brexit because I love the EU, I'm fighting it because I love the UK and I don't want to see it destroyed, for me, for my kids, for us all. THAT's why I will continue to fight to #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Putin talked to Trump about a referendum in Donbas. But that’s certainly not a solution. My take on it. @ecfr 
An excellent column from @edwardlucas on why we cannot allow all of the progress we have made to improve transparency and fight corruption to be lost in the face of #Brexit and persistent lobbying by those who want to maintain secrecy #TackleTaxHavens 
This is what brexit will bring : it’ll be quicker to WALKto Paris  than drive out of the country .. looks like I’ll need a big back pack for my just in time deliveries .....  
You will learn more in one hour about No Deal Brexit from these 3 blokes in the pub, than 100 hours of Government propaganda.  
‘May hopes that just enough talk of stockpiling food and medicine will blackmail just enough MPs into voting for her still-elusive EU deal. Far likelier is that she scares the public into supporting a new vote on Brexit, with the option of abandoning it altogether.’  
I've said it before... I'll keep saying it:If you want to stop Brexit so we can just go back to the status quo, you don't deserve to stop Brexit.It means you've heard the screams of the disadvantaged, desperate and democratically disenfranchised but don't care enough to listen. 
You know when you've got the other side on the run. They take refuge in abuse. Trying to get people to grasp that there is merit in the WTO Brexit option is like trying to persuade the 17th century Inquisition that the Earth rotates around the Sun. 
You should try one question / Am I using my fake news committee , to create fake news to discredit Brexit?  
Former #Tory #MP, #AnnWiddecombe lays into #TheresaMay: “#Brexit must mean that we are completely free of their #laws and that we control our own #borders, which is why the #ChequersPlan blueprint is so inadequate."   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @DCBMEP 
Glad to raise the issue of women’s voices in Wales  #Brexit #cedaw @UNGeneva @WalesAWomen @WENWales @whywomen @WalesForEurope @ValeforEurope @JackieLlanishen @JaneHutt @RA_Minto 
New piece today by me in @prospect_uk. A thought experiment - what if it was another country leaving the EU? What would Britain's stance towards it be? Pretty similar to the EU's stance on Brexit. So would we say that was dishing out 'punishment'?  
The obvious solution would simply be to abandon the BREXIT project. There is plenty of evidence that the referendum was secured by illegal funding and voter manipulation. What is to stop the Government actually admitting this and acting to end BREXIT ?  
#Brexit is excruciatingly embarrassing, shamefully dishonest, criminally fraudulent and no one really wants to discuss it. If it were something good & wholesome everyone would be chattering excitedly about how wonderful it was. As it is, look at who the #Brexiters are & weep. 
Brexit meets Jeremy Kyle  
Do you support our #FinalSay campaign for a referendum on any Brexit deal? Let us know with a Final Say sign -  
Japan vows to help Britain join the Trans-Pacific Partnership post-Brexit 
You're right. Fixing the country fixes the country.Damaging the economy means we have less money to fix the country.A government tied up in surviving Brexit for decades, means we have less time to fix the country.Remain just ALLOWS us to fix the country.  
You lie!!! 2019 election is a referendum on Buhari and APC... They have failed and shall be rewarded accordingly!  
EU citizens living in the UK have the right to stand as candidates and vote in local council elections - but the Govt's chaotic #Brexit is putting that right at risk. Ministers must commit to protecting it.Sign the petition:  
Food and Drink Federation (FDF) chief executive Ian Wright urged ministers to explain the implications of a no-deal Brexit to businesses in the industry—"Brexit is shaping up to be the stuff of nightmares”  
The government's official plan for the post-Brexit economy would leave a major dent in Britain's national income equivalent to about £500 a year per person a leading think tank has warned. So much for that £350m a week extra for the NHS  
Councils say they are having to work out the implications for social care, border controls, the availability of food and medicines, the social unrest, amid Brexit uncertainty 
Theresa May has apparently over-ruled Sajid Javid to ensure Brits get their own passport queue at border after Brexit. This will be an important sign Brexit has happened, she feels. Jesus. The government really do think people are not just morons but easily bought off morons. 
Another day, another Project Fear lie exposed. Will the Remainiacs never learn?  The more their hysterical lies about the effect of Brexit are shown up for the rubbish they are, the less notice people will take of their endless propaganda. Idiots.   
Food industry: Brexit is 'shaping up to be the stuff of nightmares'  
With a clean break from the EU and the right economic policies, there will be a Brexit dividend  
So it begins - Tommy Robinson out of jail, so now Islamicat is being swamped by jubilant Nazis talking about implementing "feline solution" and demanding that I hand over "mein kampfy bed" to them. Wake up UK, you is being overrun by Brexit Nazis! #resist #TommyRobinson 
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. Sign our petition here -  
Referendum result is irrelevant now. Leave campaigners lied/committed electoral fraud. Add to this the probable links to Russia. Now the prospect of making country substantially poorer? This idiocy has to stop. Brexit is bankrupt. 
The 2018 midterm election is a referendum on rule of law in America. Congressional Republicans are complicit with a president who sees himself as a despot, who can end criminal investigations with a tweet. This election is therefore the most important in modern US history. Vote. 
Life is crap for many people in the country. Change is absolutely f*** necessary.But there is good change and bad change.There's fixing the problems and there's distracting the government from fixing the problems.You should decide which one Brexit is doing: #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit means surviveRemain means thriveI know, tough call right?#PeoplesVote 
Biafran women on her program 'Biafra Women Speak' insist What We Want is #Referendum nt restructuring/nigBoycott everything nigNo Biafra No PeaceNo Election til Biafra is RESTORED#FreeBiafra #FreeBiafrans@Amaka_Ekwo @NkirukaNistoran @7dressesuk @AnyaLne1 @EmekaGift @nlitvin 
Courtesy of @A50Challenge it's been established that the decision to trigger Article 50 was made by Theresa May as she signed the notification letter.Therefore, it seems that all that's required to avoid Hard Brexit is for her to write another letter withdrawing Article 50. 
Why should a slide in support for #Brexit, because it is a very bad thing and not in the best interests of our country, be feared by ministers? Not supporting Brexit means a handful of Brexeratti will miss out on vast windfalls, that is all. The rest of us will lose nothing.  
Brexit has descended into a nightmare game of Deal or No Deal where all the boxes are full of actual shit and the phone delivers electric shocks direct from the mains. Still hosted by Noel Edmonds. 
Japan to help UK join 11 nation free trade group post Brexit, Tokyo to spare no efforts in backing a British application to join the CPA Trans Pacific Partnership, no tarriffs, no rulebook to align to, instead they favour mutual recognition, only stumbling block is Chequers plan. 
I look at the various ways people at Westminster think that the government's Brexit mess can be resolved and kicked the tyres on each one:  
No one has got what they wanted from Brexit - that's why we are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal! Sign and share the petition:  
Leaders of #brexit are missing in negotiations. We need a #PeoplesVote to give the public a vote on the final deal: 
1. Oh no you don't @MichelBarnier @guyverhofstadt @donaldtusk ..don't  you dare sell out the majority of Brits who want to #StopBrexit & #Remain whether in the UK or in the EU. A #Brexit fudge won't be worth the paper its written on.Stop pandering to May..she has no mandate.  
A leave-supporting colleague just returned from Cephalonia. She said they had a wonderful time and will definitely go back next year. I said that Brexit might have an impact. She hadn’t considered it but said they’d just stay in the UK. What a miserable approach to life. 
The modus operandi is  pure terrorism. White weapons,  hooded, organized and always during de night.  The organized  groups that commit these  acts are criminal groups ...  but there are peaceful, honorable and democratic people in jail for having organized a  referendum.  
Our co-founder @Arron_Banks PASSES lie detector test on Remoaner Russian conspiracy and challenges the anti-Brexit brigade to take one themselves!Any takers, @campbellclaret? @DamianCollins? @carolecadwalla? Support us at  
A very good, measured article. But in lamenting the loss of moderate discourse it’s important not to repeat scaremongering memes. It is not true “the British government has announced it is ready to send the army in” in event of no deal Brexit.  
Mundell:" Scottish & UK govts must work together to make Brexit a success for Scotland"By "work together" he means that we do as we're toldBrexit is neither wanted, nor needed in Scotland. It will be a disaster for ScotlandLet rUK go it's own way. It's time for independence 
The largest aerospace firm in the world - @Boeing - is investing £40m into #British #manufacturing because it's ambitious about #Britain's future. #BackBritain!  #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC #TORY @ConHome @andreajenkyns #BREXIT @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart 
How can ANYONE, ANYWHERE be so out of touch with national sentiment & the ‘will’ of the people than @Theresa_May & @JeremyCorbyn? How dare they claim to speak for our country! WE DO NOT WANT YOUR BREXIT!!!!! Is that clear enough for you two boneheads? #ofoc #fbpe #peoplesvote 
“As the Brexit negotiations reach their final stage, Mr Johnson seems to have found a new big name Brexiteer ally. With Mr Rees-Mogg on board, he could offer Brexit-backing colleagues and party members their dream ticket” 
UK says Brexit no-deal warnings are 'Project Reality', not 'Project Fear'  
NEW: How Brexit has cost Liverpool over £35 million – so far   
WATCH: @faisalislam breaks down the Brexit Impact Studies obtained by @SkyNewsPolitics #BrexitForensics 
Brexit 2016 -v- Brexit 2018.#BrexitShambles 
There are three types of people regarding Brexit Brian. The first can see it and are watching with dispair. The second group gleefully swallow down the jingoistic sabre rattling of the third group. That third group are the people who will profit from this nightmare. 
While Mrs May holidays, British assets go up in smoke. Mrs May a tragic character begging on the streets of France tonight. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
The terrifying consequences of Brexit for middle-class consumption:  
Japan Welcomes Brexit Britain's Bid to Join Massive Global Free Trade Area  via @GuidoFawkesGood news for the U.K. as Japan welcomes the possibility That the U.K. will join Trans Pacific Partnership. 
MAJOR BREAKING: Catalan president Quim Torra asks Spanish king Felipe VI to apologize for his speech on October 3rd in which he defended the police violence in the referendum and tells him that he is no longer the king of the Catalans. 
UBS CEO Andrea Orcel weighs in on how markets are reacting to trade, Brexit & more. Watch the whole interview on @BSurveillance   pic.twitter.com/uUmqRVYpE1 
Britain has only 7 weeks to agree a deal with the EU on many unimaginably complex issues. The top story over there today? Jeremy Corbyn apologising over a stupid thing he did in 2010. WTFeck #Brexit 
You just can't vote for any of them!#Brexit  
Only the EU elite could think lecturing the British people would help stop Brexit 
BBC's @afneil tweeting about the UK economy since the EU referendum has told Sky News's @EdConwaySky there is "No discernible trend" #Wow  Graph via @ChrisGiles_ Economics Editor of the @FT 
Starting in October, #EMA will further temporarily scale back and suspend activities to safeguard core business while preparing for the physical move to Amsterdam in March 2019:  #Brexit 
Looks like someone’s finally preparing for Brexit  
This perfectly sums up Brexit:  
The EU elite have been mulling over whether there was a firmer approach they could’ve taken to stop the Brits voting for #Brexit......despite Juncker declaring at one point in the campaign that the British would face the "consequences" as "deserters" 
"You will still be able to go to Europe after Brexit," thunder the Brexitons. But if that is the case, then terrorists will still be able to go to the UK after Brexit, which is the main reason you want to end freedom of movement, is it not? 
BOOM: @Arron_banks passes lie detector test on Remoaner Russian conspiracy theory. Now how many of the anti-Brexit obsessives will be willing to do the same?  
Britain steps up Brexit warnings as it seeks to bypass Brussels and persuade individual European Union nations to back its plans for future economic ties 
Government's Brexit plan will hit national income by equivalent of £500 per person per year, according to @NIESRorg 
I've had enough! Brexit is the final straw. For decades I wanted the people of Scotland to vote for independence Now I'm so sickened with the corrupt establishment It's time to #DissolveTheUnion 
Maybe we need to stop plea’ing and start demanding, no? #Brexit  
Jeremy Hunt on Brexit: 'We are heading for no deal by accident'  
See the effects of dark ads, lying, cheating, stolen data & law breaking on the EU Referendum.Starts REMAIN, Blip to LEAVE, Return to REMAINWe're owned by Putin!  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #voteleavebrokethelaw 
BREAKING - First look at the post Brexit UK blue passports  
1/3Is it me, or are the quality of #brexit scare stories starting to diminish...The Good old scares...  
The Electoral Commission’s findings regarding the Vote Leave Campaign breaching electoral law have left Brexiters surprisingly speechless. Where does this leave the legitimacy of the referendum ?  It is time to give the voice and decision back to the people. 
Shock-horror! #Brexit job losses in financial services now estimated to be far fewer (5,000-13,000) than previously estimated. Over 480,000 work in the City, 38% of which in financial services.   
Former Tory MP, Ann Widdecombe lays into Theresa May: “Brexit must mean that we are completely free of their laws and that we control our own borders, which is why the Chequers blueprint is so inadequate."  Support us at  
Be glad you don't know the worst case scenario for a No Deal Brexit... Tory party has eight weeks max to stop catastrophe ...  
How to survive Brexit:Jacob Rees-Mogg’s group launches second Irish fund  
And this is why I just don’t understand the Leave argument that we can forge new trade deals. We don’t bloody need to because we already have them. There is no part of the Brexit argument that stacks up, other than “we don’t like regulations being set overseas”. 
UK says Brexit no-deal warnings are 'Project Reality', not 'Project Fear'  
The idea that the so-called "British spirit" can make Brexit a success is deeply insulting.British families already have their backs against the wall. They're working longer hours for less pay and are still barely scraping by. Please share. 
The scientific guide to stockpiling food for a ‘no deal’ Brexit  
Translation: in June a civil servant exercising his freedom of expression to campaign against ruinous Brexit and using his knowledge & experience to counter Leave disinformation was smeared by ourselves using info in his own public Twitter bio.  
This is a brilliant piece on the British & Brexit 
Good thread, bit scary. Note that Pembrokeshire Council consider it 'likely' that Brexit will result in increased poverty. Supporting Brexit is a luxury for those who can afford it.  
Whilst #ProjectFear-mongers cry over avocados ripening enroute to our shores, Brexiteers smileThis over-hyped drama is only proof of the disaster that is the Common Agricultural Policy, one of the many reasons we voted leaveBritish farmers will seize this #Brexit opportunity  
Remoaners seem to have this fantasy that a second referendum means guaranteed victory. They thought that last time, the deluded idiots. If they lost a second one, what then? A third? 
One of the most depressing things about the post-Brexit political debate has been the total ignorance so many Brexiteers have about Northern Ireland, and in particular why "the will of a narrow majority must be respected without compromise" is such a dangerous stance there. 
Having worked closely with @rbrtrmstrng for the last year, I feel in part to blame for his view  of the British. But this is a glorious piece, and he's nailed why the country voted for Brexit  
In our latest article for @TheCommentator we argue a WTO Brexit is the best option for Britain! 
It is in a sense fortunate that Brexit will cause massive economic harm.Because I would have had to oppose it regardless, since it's promoted by racists and borderline fascists.The fact that it will also ruin the UK financially just makes the decision even easier. 
Great to see @Femi_Sorry is speaking at this @OFOCBrexit event in Sunderland on Friday - Civic Centre 2-3.30pm. Also Q+A about how Brexit will affect Sunderland. @YEM_UK @EuroMoveNE @BestForBritain  
So the GOV's response to my petition was a load of waffle about respecting the will of the petition...one of the quotes was that "80% of the population voted for Brexit supporting parties", this is truly grim 
I love this from @frankcottrell_b - both in terms of its hymn to non-instrumental version of art and literature but also his appeal for us all to stop seeing fellow citizens as alien enemies post #Brexit.  Made me stop & reflect.   
Send in the Clowns....Johnson, Rees-Mogg and Gove are leading contenders to replace Theresa May -  strange they've all been in contact with white supremacist Nazi Stephen Bannon recently - always judge a man by the company he keeps. 
May warning EU leaders that a bad #Brexit deal will hurt them too, is a bit like a doctor telling you a jab will hurt him as much as it hurts you. Plainly bollocks and the EU leaders won't fall for it.Hard or Soft, #Brexit is her choice. She has nobody else to blame. 
The retreat of the British right from the most basic of acceptances about its own historic wrongs - absolutely led by Theresa May, whose first speeches as leader condemned “left-wing human rights lawyers haranguing British soldiers” - is just as dangerous to the north as Brexit.  
“In Northern Ireland, Brexit as economics gives way to Brexit as politics... queues of lorries in Dover are an economic challenge: queues of lorries in Newry are a constitutional crisis” 
#Brexit'ers : "MOOR IMMUGRATION MEENS MORE CRIME, INNIT !!"#Germany (who's taken more migrants per population than any other EU nations)(Gee .. maybe it's down to actual proper police funding) 
Read a brilliant analysis like this, wrap your head in a cold towel & reflect on the many banalities &, frankly, idiocies spouted in the parliamentary #WithdrawalAct debates. Brexit is heinously, fiendishly legally complex. And guess, what? The clock's still ticking.  
Brexit: 'At the moment we are heading for no deal by accident,' says Jeremy Hunt - Politics live  Stop it then. Or at least call a second referendum and say why it's a mistake to leave. If you're in power, use that power 
The UK financial services sector will not be hit by Brexit as badly as feared, London's Lord Mayor has saidJob-loss figures have been revised down from 75k to 5-13k, on par with annual churn#ProjectFear 
I’m not a “senior EU diplomat” - don’t believe everything you read in Brexit Central. I’m a perfectly ordinary official who happens to be on paternity leave. Your tweets demonstrate a high degree of ignorance and you won’t reveal the source of your organisation’s funding. So. 
The most urgent intellectual task facing Labour & the left is to ask: in the post-Brexit decade, what policies will & won't work to reduce poverty, raise equality & productivity, & replenish our public realm. It takes courage & imagination to face up to how hard this will be. 7/7 
5. Brexit will amplify the crisis of our public services. The combination of fewer EU skilled workers & worsened public finances means that repairing the damage caused by post-2010 austerity may be a luxury that's hard to afford. Running to stand still will be heroic enough. 6/7 
4. The appetite for large-scale economic reform will be tiny. The post-Brexit years will be dominated by....Brexit (making up growth, buckets of needed legislation, negotiating a new UK-EU relationship). Progressive reform of our market economy will struggle to get a look-in. 5/7 
Gwinnett’s Board of Commissioners made two historic decisions Wednesday morning, approving a once-unthinkable contract with MARTA and calling for a public referendum on the matter. #gapol 
Britain's economy has been "resilient" and would do fine with a #WTOBrexit- Lloyds Banking Group CEO, António Horta-Osório.Another body blow to remoaner hopes of #Brexit apocalypse?  
Labour & the left need to face up fast to an uncomfortable & existential truth: Brexit will make radical, progressive politics extremely difficult in the UK. Here's why. (A short thread) 1/7 
TODAY IN BREXIT:-Drugs giant amasses 14-week stockpile-Councils warn of “social unrest”-Food bosses say it’s turning into the “stuff of nightmares"-Jeremy Hunt warns we could be making a “terrible mistake” that echoes for 30 yearsIt’s only 1.23pm. 
Japan joins the USA in backing Britain post-Brexit  
A positive vision for taxpayers post-Brexit:  Cut VAT to 17.5 per cent, with a review after one year Cut Corporation Tax cut to 10 per cent  Scrap HS2  Expand both Heathrow & Gatwick  Relax planning laws so more houses can be built  
A no-deal Brexit would mean "no more border checks" according to these leaked Home Office contingency plans.  
There's that Blitz Spirit that will help us survive Brexit  
I just noticed that Monday, 6th April 2020 happens to be the 700th anniversary of the #DeclarationOfArbroath.That would be a nice choice for Scotland’s Day of Independence, following a 2019 referendum victory. 
This can't go on, empty rhetoric in place of answers and solutions. No fair minded person can deny that the Electoral Commission and ICO reports firmly places a question mark over the legality of the EU referendum result; the government's response - "respect the referendum"  
If anyone has betrayed Brexit it is those who campaigned for it for over 30 years without developing a coherent plan to enable UK state institutions to adjust to it. 
What about using the Brexit dividend to build a huge timber Starling that blocks all sunlight over the Midlands #gohard 
Breaking! Gwinnett County Commission approves a referendum to join MARTA. Vote will happen in March 2019. 
We need to do more than tell people that #Brexit will be harmful to them personally (even though it will). We need to offer them hope & a vision of how much better Britain could be without #Brexit. Help us to build this vision.8 Sep, #Leeds.  
Pembrokeshire County Council's Brexit risk register is some reading! wow  
Do we have to do this with everything here? This isn't a "Green V Orange" issue. DUP don't speak for all unionists. Just like opposition to Brexit isn't Green V Orange. What it does is expose intolerance of DUP who,incidentally,claim to work for everyone* (*who's like them)  
Brexit is far right is it? Working class communities across the country are all far right yes? 
This is a truly excellent analysis of the Good Friday Agreement & what Brexit means to the island of Ireland- not economics, not even politics but history. Also a reminder of just how delicate the GFA is as an institutional & political architecture   
Head of drink & food fed says #Brexit is becoming a nightmare. Drug companies admit to stockpiling drugs. A crisis made in the Tory party, now ministers scuttle around EU trying to win favour but looking desperate. Only way out of this mess is to have #PeoplesVote & start again 
This is really superb by @chrisgreybrexit -- if it were another country leaving, "Britain—and Eurosceptics especially—would be the staunchest advocate of precisely the position being taken by the EU towards Brexit"  
Jaguar Land Rover has registered a £264 million pre-tax loss thanks to a combination of Chinese tariffs and Brexit uncertainty according to a report to investors.It's time our government admitted to the damage they're causing. Agree? Please share 
The economic uncertainty caused by Brexit has already had an impact on the British people, with income falling for the poorest 30% of households. It is not too late to #ExitFromBrexit and demand better for the economy of the nation on behalf of some of the most vulnerable. 
'I'm a British EU negotiator, and I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone has guessed'  
City of London slashes Brexit job-loss estimate 
Brexit meets Macron  
Brexit: 'At the moment we are heading for no deal by accident,' says Jeremy Hunt - Politics live  
Political editor @faisalislam explains how local authorities are preparing for Brexit implications on social care, border controls, the availability of food and medicines and even the fear of "social unrest"For more on this investigation head here:  
Tommy Robinson retrial because "...a fundamentally flawed process, in what we recognise were difficult and unusual circumstances, cannot stand." Absolutely correct. Same argument should give us a Brexit re-vote. 
Jeremy Hunt on Brexit: "Let's not make this one of those moments where a terrible mistake is made which we are still talking about in 20 or 30 years." 
.@RossThomson_MP gets an honorable mention on LBC @mrjamesob show for the 'Weapons Grade Ignorance on Brexit' award for his moronic 'hoovers' tweets.He is in line for the award tomorrow.Nice to see him getting the recognition he so richly deserves. 
#Brexit is the mechanism by which fascists & racists feel able to justify their shabby little existence. The UK will be a smaller, weaker, poorer, less tolerant country if we leave. Shame on anyone who doesn't support a fair, informed, democratic final say for all.#PeoplesVote 
A no-deal Brexit will not happen. Here’s why | Jonathan Lis | Opinion | The Guardian  
WATCH NOW: @MrsEmmaJK voted leave in the #EUReferendum but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal because of the uncertainty she's experienced  
Throughout August we will be sharing a video each day of former Leave voters who are now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal. Share your videos to show why the public need the final vote 
May’s wooing of Macron is futile – the EU has been united by Brexit | Mary Dejevsky  
 An exclusive Sky News investigation shows councils are getting ready for 'social unrest' after #Brexit 
The president of the Royal #Pharmaceutical Society, Ash Soni, explains how #brexit will be a major problem for our supplies of medicines  
"Brexit is a pile of w**k" - Lad from DarloI'll be in #Sunderland on Friday explaining how that pile would affect young people.So if you're finishing school, college, or uni... BE THERE: 
As it’s claimed car manufacturers aren't prepared for Brexit, Rolls-Royce unveils new prototype:  
Voters got it right the first time. So did Anna Soubry when she said "we must respect the result, Brexit means Brexit."  
Councils preparing for social unrest amid Brexit uncertainty ... The brexit dream continues!!  
#Brexit has gotten so ridiculous the Government is no longer trying to prove it is capable of striking a deal with the EU to avoid national suicide, but that it is preparing for economic paralysis by stockpiling canned goods. 
Labour.Time to eat some humble pie. Corbyn step down and suggest a successor. *Whoever becomes Labour Leader take some Corbynism with youChange Brexit stanceTackle the disinformationTackle hostile environment Give everyone hopeGet out of the mud into the fresh air 
Japan Welcomes Brexit Britain's Bid to Join Massive Global Free Trade Area:  
Christian Adams on Theresa May cutting her holiday short to discuss Brexit with Emmanuel Macron – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I had no idea Brexit had already made it to travel game...  
Notice that Sky News did this - not the BBC. Sky news is reporting the story properly., Sky news commissioned the vital polls this week. Never thought I'd say it, but Sky is outstripping BBC at very stage of the Brexit story.  
"My impression from the front line is everyone knows it’s going to be bad. It affects every little corner of the NHS."Four out of five doctors fear the NHS will collapse after Brexit  
Remainers said this would happen. Project fear? Not anymore. Councils preparing for social unrest amid Brexit uncertainty  
The Treasury has released an artist's impression of how Britain will look the day after a 'No Deal' Brexit. Terrifying tbh... Support us at  
.@Telegraph reports yet more Tory internal party arguments that could determine Brexit -- how can we expect this splintered Govt to deliver what the country needs? The best way out of this chaos would be to give the people a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
New piece by me @prospect_uk here. A thought experiment - what if it was another country leaving the EU? What would Britain's stance towards it be? Pretty similar to the EU's stance on Brexit. So would we say that was dishing out 'punishment'?  
“I might pop in sometimes if Brexit goes too batshit” ... I said that less than two days ago. And here we are. This is madness and we must do all we can to #stopBrexit. How any MP can still either support it or sit on the fence about it is beyond me.  pic.twitter.com/mM2K8tJp4R 
“It’s not a problem that’s going to go away. It was difficult last year, is more difficult this year, and next year it will be harder again.”Farms in the UK are now less enticing prospects for seasonal workers due to Brexit  
Two years after the ref, almost every Brexit argument has been made before. But this piece by @chrisgreybrexit is genuinely original (and very very good)  
Since the Brexit vote, the U.K.'s economy is now 2.1% smaller than it would have been if Britain had voted to stay in the EU, according to @CER_EU  
Shame on you @BBCNews that Sky are doing a better job on reporting Brexit than you. Yes, Sky! A world turned upside down.  
For the umpteenth time, the people had a proper say on Brexit. And Remain lost. Will they ever deal with it?! >>  
Local authorities across the UK have expressed serious concerns about the delivery of public services in dozens of Brexit impact studies obtained by Sky News as part of its Brexit Forensics investigation  
This week, according to the experts, Brexit will cost us £500. Down from £1,000 last week, and down from £4,300 during the referendum. What figure will they pluck from thin air next? Tune in next week to find out! Support us at  
@Arron_banks today subjected himself to a full polygraph test(lie detector) to answer questions about Russian money and involvement in brexit etc. - we will publish the full results soon. Perhaps @DamianCollins @carolecadwalla @campbellclaret should have a go? #BrexitRussia 
Perhaps ask Government, which under “Operation Brock” [Br stands for Brexit] sees need, to prepare to turn all 4 lanes on 13 miles of M20 nr Ashford into a lorry park, and is literally now adapting hard shoulder to withstand 100s of parked lorries by March  
Today’s dose of Brexit-rage antidote  
Can’t we just abandon this whole stupid, dangerous thought experiment? Accept that Brexit can not be delivered without causing significant risk and harm to the UK. You can still give the Brexiteers their Blue Passports and wonky bananas if they insist. 
Brexit backing economist Patrick Minford quoted in FT on sluggish economic growth since referendum: “A suspicious mind might think [the economic slowdown] was the deliberate act of a Remainer Chancellor (Hammond) to undermine Brexit.”Heaven help us. 
Of all the local council Brexit  studies reported on by @SkyNewsPolitics today, this simple risk assessment by Pembrokeshire County Council was really interesting: of 18 potential Brexit risks, the only positive one was: "reduced demand for services ifpopulation reduces" (!)  
More than 400,000 people sign The Independent’s #FinalSay petition calling for a referendum on any Brexit deal  
Soft Brexit alienates people and no-deal terrifies them: a people’s vote is getting likelier by the week  
A morally motivated prime minister would now call a halt to Brexit which by the government’s own impact assessments will do nothing but damage to the people of the UK, especially the poorest and withdraw Article 50 immediately. 
1. How is it "democratic" to implement an old fashioned advisory result from 2016 which the majority no longer want? 2. Where in our constitution does it say that we canot have a 2019 referendum on the final deal, which is a different question? 
The post-Brexit plan for economic growth consists of luring passing containerships close enough to the coastline so that they get stranded, after which we can slaughter the crews and salvage the goods. Maybe a future anthropologist will write about the Brexit cargo-cult... 
Response to our story on the Brexit Impact Files from @stellacreasy for @peoplesvote_uk 
What do the folks of Pembrokeshire think about this? Is this a document that all counties will be required to complete? It is this kind of document that was needed BEFORE the referendum so everyone knew what they were voting for. 
Here's what really matters. The economic impact of the Chequers deal is CLOSER TO NO DEAL/HARD BREXIT THAN TO A SOFT BREXITNot sure people have digested the significance of this conclusion from @NIESRorg 
NEWS! Pay and Display machines being installed on M20 near Dover in readiness for Brexit  
According to Pembrokeshire County Council's Brexit impact assessment, there are 19 major ways leaving the EU will impact the region. 18 are negative. The 1 positive: people might move away meaning be less demand on services.  
Last month, the Electoral Commission ruled that Vote Leave broke the law.   Despite this verdict being final, many actors are still trying to invalidate it. Don't let them get away w cheating our democracy & support our crowdfunder to take Brexit to court  
Nobody is Leaving Europe Gary ?? Europe is a continent whereas the EU is the political union to a federalist construct. Our referendum wasn't about Leaving a continent but more the governance of and a global outlook for the United Kingdom.Don't be a Gary, don't be a hypocrite.  
Project Fear has started up again – but we have seen it all before. Watch this stirring speech from Labour patriot Peter Shore on the eve of the first referendum in 1975.  
I hope the Brexit blitz will be directed against the areas that voted for it first, so they can experience the redemption that death and deprivation gives you before the Remoaner heretics. 
This is great reporting, digging up the realities of Brexit instead of fixating on political fantasies and indulging ministerial evasion of responsibility for imminent disaster.  
Public opinion is shifting towards #Remain. How is it democratic to force a hard Brexit on a nation that can see the cliff edge more clearly now that it’s getting closer and wants a re-think? #PeoplesVote #FInalSayForAll 
Britain's net contribution to the EU budget rose by almost 9% last year, to an astounding £8.8billion:  #Brexit 
Powerful report from @Stone_SkyNews  Why isn’t the human impact of Brexit higher up the agenda? It’s not all about trade to me. My plan to move to an EU country (if the UK is not to be) is now a mad dash & panic, my long-held dream full of uncertainty.  It’s a horrible situation.  
Sky news doing the due diligence and providing a public service over #Brexit impact studies. Where's the public service broadcaster on this though? Still reliant on shadowy foreign funded think tanks?  
Dozens of Labour, Tory and Independent councils have conducted their own Brexit impact assessments, finding severe implications for social care, border controls, the availability of food and medicines and even the fear of "social unrest".  
The moral of the discussion is that time has run out to prepare for a No-Deal Brexit, which will take years and has no realistic conceivable upside.These people also know what they are talking about! In stark contrast to all the No-Deal pundits. 
Theresa May warns Macron that a no deal Brexit poses a jobs risk to Europe.Yet more blame shifting from a weak and duplicitous Prime Minister. It’s not Macron or the EU who want a no deal Brexit. It’s hard Brexiters who want a no deal Brexit. She should be standing up to them.  
Macron ISOLATED over Brexit: France facing EU BACKLASH over tough attitude on UK  
Read @DiabetesUK response to risks to medications if no deal #brexit. Vital that supplies of medication aren't interrupted. Risk to medication wasn't clear before #EUReferendum. With the new facts we need a #PeoplesVote on the final #brexit deal to give the public the final say  
It's not really a story though, is it? A group of think tanks - some pro brexit, some anti brexit, some pro lower taxes, some for higher taxes - openly met every now and then to talk about events coming up. I find your obsession a bit bizarre.  
FULL STORY: fears about social care and social unrest revealed in pan UK Council Brexit impact studies obtained by Sky News under FOI  
Scare stories around WTO Brexit are not countered at all.Will Dover will be gridlocked? Where is the expert to explain why this should not be the case. I, or any other competent programmer, could build a model for HMRC to test in about two weeks. I'm open to offers by the way.  
Top notch reporting this week by @SkyNews @faisalislam and @adamboultonSKY asking the questions the government and other news outlets should be asking. Looks like the impact of Brexit is only of interest to local authorities and not Downing Street? It’s a travesty and a tragedy. 
For those asking, there are numerous concrete examples of harmful EU red tape that should be removed in this 300-page report:  #Brexit 
What a colossal waste of time Brexit is. All this extra work and effort just to make ourselves poorer and less relevant in the world, just because some people don’t like the idea of cooperating with our neighbours. Beggars belief. 
NEW: Sky News obtains under Freedom of Information 30 studies on Brexit impact by local councils across the UK making contingencies and expressing concerns as Brexit clock ticks down, from social care, to food/medicines availability, border checks, to “social unrest”...  
Tory MP Charlie Elphicke says British Spirit Will Make No-Deal Brexit A Success. Well that’s all right then, I was starting to worry        #TallyHoChaps 
Deputy Chairman @CllrDSimmonds joined @adamboultonSKY on @SkyNews All Out Politics this morning to discuss internal #Brexit impact assessment reports being drawn up by councils @faisalislam 
But it wasn’t believed before the referendum and it won’t be now either. The British people have seen it all before. #LeaveMeansLeave 
This is the Brexit outcome demanded by the gravitational force of the banter heuristic. No single market access, no customs union, free movement continues  
We're supposed to be united & at our best when things are at their worst.How bad does #Brexit have to get before you get behind a #PeoplesVote?It's in ALL our interests to ensure the government, our government, is accountable for their actions as well as their vacuous rhetoric. 
Local authorities across the UK have expressed serious concerns about the delivery of public services in dozens of Brexit impact studies obtained by Sky News.Great story from @faisalislam, @zachjourno and @katewilsea #BrexitForensics 
This is spectacular news, and it was not inevitable: the Michigan Supreme Court is majority Republican, and previously struck down a redistricting referendum in 2008.  
There is space for a new party in British politics but it is not an anti-Brexit centrist party. 
From hosting @POTUS, to launching the Brexit #DealForBritain, to chairing Cabinet in Gateshead - this is Prime Minister @Theresa_May's July diary. 
Leaked notes from a Home Office meeting of border officials reveals plans for "no more border checks" in a no-deal Brexit with ministers asked to "tolerate higher risk for security."  
Project Fear is now looking silly.  We can import all we like after Brexit, as we will control our ports to ensure smooth passage for goods. 
The UK government is considering continuing the free movement of EU citizens as part of its Brexit no deal planning, according to confidential Home Office material leaked to my colleague @tpgcolson  
EXCLUSIVE: Leaked Home Office contingency plans reveal free movement could continue in a no-deal Brexit.  
Corbyn supposedly agreed with other Remain MPs like Brown & Cameron over Brexit yet refused to share a platform with them. He says he disagreed with various antisemites yet was happy to stand alongside them. Does he only appear with people whose opinions he finds abhorrent? 
Full Exclusive Story on the Brexit Impact Files here  #BrexitForensics 
Theresa May's Brexit plan would cost £500 per person a year, latest research shows.Nobody voted for this shambles. We were promised Brexit would mean more money, not less.So give the people a say, with an option to stay. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit. 
Sky News has obtained 30 internal impact studies from local councils in the UK via freedom of information requests which have identified major concerns around infrastructure, land prices, funding and social care after Brexit 
PEMBROKSHIRE: This extraordinary chart from the Welsh coast shows the 18 ways the council believe Brexit will impact the area. 17 out of 18 are Negative  
BREAKING: In a major Freedom of Information project @SkyNews has obtained dozens of Brexit Impact studies conducted by local councils around the United KingdomThe Brexit files show a picture of councils exasperated by central government and scrabbling to make contingency plans.  
Post-Brexit financial job loss forecast slashed from 75,000 - 230,000 to 5,000. Project Fear is Project Bonkers.  
The myth of WW2 is as dangerous as it is potent. Brexit is not the Blitz.  
People want a proper say on Brexit. Let them have it  
The Tory strategy on Brexit: pursue a policy that would cost more and lower service quality in the name of dogma. Not to mention squabbling with your ministers. Britain deserves better than this mess. Demand an exit from Brexit:  
British passport holders to get their own lane at airports after Brexit as Theresa May 'overrules Sajid Javid'  
Yesterday we brought you Dover city council's Brexit impact assessment. Today we bring you four more.Stay tuned at 10am for the exclusive reports from @faisalislam, @zachjourno and @katewilsea...  
There was a lorry parked on the hard shoulder there beside me and I thought ‘oh no, it’s the beginning of the Brexit-lorry-jam-nightmare-tailback-of-the-future’ but it turned out the driver just needed a wee 
Chequers Brexit plan would cost economy equivalent of £500 per head, says thinktank - Politics live  
How the White Paper Brexit plans (or no deal) could impact UK annual GDP growth, overall national income levels and inflation.Charts based on @NIESRorg report this morning.  The main question: why haven't the govt published any analogous assessments?? 
Here's the Brexit dividend. 
Theresa May has gone from a 21 point over Labour to now being behind by 5. Her popularity within her own party has hit rock bottom. Screw up after screw up with policy in government and weak on Brexit. When are Tory MPs going to waken up to the disaster that is Theresa May? 
Brexit could cost families £1,000 a yearBut Sky said this morning it's only £500!Is it a discount sale on Brexits today? 
Do you remember when brexit backing politicians said a trade deal with the EU would be the "easiest in Human history" or "the EU needs us more than we need them"?In reality brexit means begging to the French.Not what you voted for? Be a #remainernow 
3 Blokes In The Pub... Talk NO DEAL Brexit  via @YouTube @mrjamesob #Brexit #NoDeal 
BREXIT CANNOT BE STOPPED by MPs said Brexit minister Steve Baker, take note Remoaners. & non researchers.  We are entitled to #Brexit we voted for, complete freedom from  EU. Suck it up Tory rebels.  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson   … pic.twitter.com/MWb6JQRY9T 
The @Conservatives’ anarchic approach to Brexit has put many things at risk, including our country’s security. Losing the European Arrest Warrant and limiting information-sharing arrangements will only hinder bringing criminals to justice. 
Standing up for Brexit is pretty popular  
I genuinely can't believe the negativity of people trying to stop Brexit.I've been told the UK will have filthy beaches, no one will be able to move to live in an EU country, banks have left the UK taking ALL staff etc.How do you even begin to reason with people like that? 
Sanofi confirms its plans to store drugs in case of post-Brexit shortages Proof that the stockpiling medicines story isn't 'Project Fear' - it's #BrexitReality 
Leave voters are less likely to feel their views are represented by any of the main parties - having flocked to the Conservatives in 2017, once Brexit is delivered their votes will be up for grabs by any new party willing to occupy that policy space  
“If our generation fails to put up a proper fight, the generation that follows us will neither forgive nor forget, as theirs will be a diminished and, quite probably, dismantled United Kingdom.”[Gina Miller]  #Brexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
The utterly shameful persecution of old soldiers by the now-Fenian/PC-dominated #PSNI is a disgrace. But 90% of the blame lies with the May regime. This only mirrors her betrayal on #Brexit 
“There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside” [David Davis]Well, it’s not looking that was. UK only G7 nation seeing growth slow: 
The Brexit Bite begins.  
Which scenario is more democratic?Scenario 1: UK people vote for Brexit. Government negotiates Brexit. UK people vote to approve/reject the outcome of negotiations.Scenario 2: UK people vote for Brexit. Government negotiates Brexit. UK people forced to accept any outcome. 
Playing with fire: Brexit and the decay of the Good Friday Agreement  
If this invalid #Brexit is allowed to go ahead..these ppl & the ERG will have won. History will not look kindly on those who have helped force it upon us Theresa May & Jeremy Corbyn.You don't Appease the Far Right, you Oppose it & Deny it air.#StopBrexit & #Remain#FinalSay. 
Calling @mrjamesob @brexit_sham @RemainiacsCast !  Ciaran @donnyc1975 the van driver and his mates need more views. This is brilliant. 
This is pure GOLD! Watch ALL of it  (1 hour) and show it to everyone you know, including MPs. If they don't  say at the end that Brexit MUST BE STOPPED NOW they need to be sectioned - it's as simple as that   
Ian Wright, chief executive of Food & Drink Federation which represents the sector says “We have not yet had a formal conversation with the government about the MAJOR CONCERNS.” 2 yrs on & with Brexit only months away why hasn’t Gov’t spoken to them yet!! 
Bank of England is urged to be more open about Brexit  
Laura Wade's Home, I'm Darling, which has moved into the Dorfman, is a wonderfully wise and witty play. Dealing with a present-day couple who live in a delusional 1950s world, it is a perfect metaphor for the age of barking Brexit. 
Increasingly clear that distinctions between different forms of Brexit is fool’s gold. The only good Brexit is NO BREXIT  
All the big pharmaceutical firms are outside the EU. How has May & her civil service advisers so construed their anti-Brexit arguments to decide e.g., medical products, drugs & medicines will not be available after March 2019? More panic propaganda to scare the ignorant masses? 
Me too and a former business man and strategist for a very large blue chip German company, however it's time you accepted the will of the people and WTO is not a hard Brexit but an even trading keel & you're peddling political disruption instead of strategy #Spin 
I want to learn more about the concerns UK car makers have about Brexit but i don't know who to ask, the head of the automotive industry trade body or the UKIP candidate for North East Derbyshire... who to believe?   
CRIMEA IS RUSSIAN by order of the Crimean people. It's called a democratic referendum. But then you don't like referenda in EU, do you?  Brussels slaps six Russian companies with Crimea-related sanctions — RT Business News  
So many stories like this one. We are fighting to maintain free movement so we can carry on living our lives as BOTH sides of the Brexit debate promised we would be able to. Families split, businesses destroyed, pensioners petrified are not part of the deal anyone voted for.  
For those who tell me to 'respect the referendum' and move on, I would have done, I'd now be working towards rejoining the EU but for two reasons. •EU residents in the UK and UK citizens in the EU.•A referendum won by lies, foreign money and influence.#FinalSayForAll 
Here is a suggestion for a softer Brexit - DON'T GO in the first place.Theresa May must push for even softer Brexit, says thinktank  
'After Brexit, Belgians wont be able to go and work in Germany' .@skynews Even Remainers are openly laughing at you on here. 
BBCr4 is headlining today with “Only 5000 jobs to be lost in the city with hard Brexit” but what the report actually said was between 5,000 & 13,000 jobs will be lost on the first day. Unbiased reporting? 
This is the millionaire who paid to have people conned into voting for Brexit 2016.This is how much of a shit he gives about the worst off. About hard-up working families. If you lose your job due to Brexit.He could not give a shit about you. He fucking hates you.  
But you keep telling us that Brexit is essential because the EU *prevents* Britain exporting to the rest of the world. Which is it? 
The Irish tendency to blame Brexit solely on English nationalism betrays old-fashioned anti-English sentiment. My latest.   
‘No Deal’ Brexit screws our expats... leaving them with no deal for their healthcare & rights.Those who say this  are cutting off & abandoning >1m Brits.  
Brexit is the Big Refactor project Jeff said would take 4 weeks but is now 1 year in and nowhere near done. In the meantime no new features have been added, existing features have been stripped and everyone is miserable. 
If UK contributions to EU were set to fall by 50%, @BBCNews would be all over it.  But HM Treasury shows them ROCKETING by 51%.Strangely, BBC is silent on this.  Read our stunning summary here:  and please support #Brexit Facts4EU if you can.  
Far from making Britain great again, the upshot of Brexit is that Mrs May and sundry Ministers are dashing round Europe all summer, pleading with EU leaders for help preventing a catastrophe entirely of the UK's own making  
Morbidly hilarious how Brexit was pitched as a response to the 'corrupt and undemocratic' EU but really has just brought to light all the failings, dark secrets and personal vendettas of British politics and its parties instead. Meanwhile EU stands strong, united and advances. 
Theresa May must push for even softer Brexit, says thinktank  
30 years? 50 years? 100 years?When will we get the so-called 'Brexit benefits'? Even Tory Brexiteers can’t agree.  
The National Institute of economic & social research says the UK will be £500 a year per person worse off under the government's post #brexit plan. The Chequers plan will leave the UK's GDP 2.5% smaller compared to a Norway style arrangement with the EU. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
This nonsense has got to stop. Nobody benefits from Brexit. Such a waste of time and resources with no discernible benefit.  #StopBrexit 
On 14 Jun 2016, the Vote Leave campaign pledged to the British people that if the UK voted Brexit we’d still pay into EU programmes until 2020.Now look at the lot of you. Outright crooks.  
Boris Johnson looks on course to turn Theresa May’s Brexit nightmare into his big opportunity, says @katyballs 
Gotta love people who voted for Corbyn's extra £500 billion of spending suddenly worried that brexit could increase the national debt  
Good picture of the Brexit Cabinet as it plans its ‘divide and conquer’ approach to the EU.  
Voters got it right the first time. So did Anna Soubry when she said that Remainers had promised to "respect and honour the result". Does calling for a referendum rerun really fulfil that promise?  
So after BREXIT, Puffins may suffer due to our fishermen competing for the fish in our seas...I was under the impression Puffins ate sand eels, and I've yet to see a chippy offering sand eel & chips?!  
Gov - Brexit is will of the people!People - I'm a people! What's the plan?G - It's a secretP - Is there a plan?G - Loads!P - Good plans?G - Erm...P - Bad plans!?G - No Deal is better than a Bad DealP - OK then [sigh] explain No DealG - We can't. You'd shit yourselves. 
London's Mayor says Brexit hit to City less than feared  
Hats off to @VetDannii who exposes the huge flaws in Nigel Farage’s anti-immigration / Brexit rhetoric and leaves him completely floundering and lost for words during his show on @LBC.pic.twitter.com/mHoZ84yA9Y 
The most disturbing thing about #ProjectFear is that they and the remainers believe it & seem to enjoy living in their glass half empty, black, depressing and negative world.Either that or remain is now an unfunny parody.#Brexit#EmbraceChange#MyGlassIsFull 
Dear UK Prime Minister on holiday,Go to any newstand around Europe and you can see that support for a #PeoplesVote is growing."Half of the British would support a second referendum" - from El País, Spain. 
And yet sharing a platform with Cameron in the referendum campaign was beyond him. What a mensch.  
#BrexitVoices - Brits living in Europe have so many different worries as #Brexit approaches. They’re calling for reassurance / certainty that the can continue to live/work/study in EU. But they’re in limbo. Have a watch here @SkyNews 
Funny how bendy bananas kind of sum up Brexit.It was always a total myth, invented by Johnson, that the EU wouldn't allow bendy bananas.The fascinating/disturbing thing is how many believed it, *even as they bought, peeled and ate bendy bananas*. 
The U.K. financial services sector could suffer as few as 5,000 job losses as a result of Brexit, according to a new estimate by the City of London Corporation — far lower than the industry had initially feared. 
"a tragic failure of leadership" - a devastating phrase about May from a former Brexit minister. It must follow that it is the duty of pro-Brexit MPs to try to bring about a change of leadership.  
“As the Cons govt stumbles on road to Brexit, a small group of establishment figures,funded to the tune of millions,are covertly pursuing a political campaign in favour of extreme free trade, acting in effect as lobbyists for secretive corporate interests” 
Strongly recommend following @Stone_SkyNews who has been covering the much-neglected story of EU27-based Brits - left in limbo by Brexit and largely ignored by the UK government. 
Corbyn can share platforms with people whose views he ‘completely rejects’ on antisemitism but can’t share platforms with Tories in run up to EU referendum to campaign against Brexit.Right. 
Just found this on French motorway near Lyon - looks like we're pretty much already out as far as they're concerned. Otherwise I've not heard or read Brexit mentioned even once here so far.So much for 'they need us more than we need them"#fbpe 
Regardless of who may be manipulating whom in Labour's anti semitism row - here is the official opposition wallowing in internecine battles while the Gov presides over the existential disaster of Brexit. 
People want a proper say on Brexit. Let them have it | Gina Miller  
"PM to plead with Emmanuel Macron to ease #Brexit stance."This is pathetic.We should offer a free trade deal and walk away.With WTO tariffs the EU would be £8,000,000,000 a year WORSE off.EU would soon come running.All this supine surrender must stop. 
Newsnight: ‘We are completely objective on Brexit’... @maitlis @BBCNewsnight 
The government's Brexit plan would leave a major dent in Britain's national income equivalent to about £500 a year per person, a leading think tank has warned.  
India our close friend & key ally for Brexit Good to call on @CaptAbhimanyu Finance minister of Indian state of HaryanaHealthcare, education & agriculture key areas for developmentHUGE respect & goodwill for Britain - Good days ahead for  special relationship. 
3 Blokes In The Pub... Talk NO DEAL Brexit  via @YouTube 
Met up with Jason ( trade guru) graham ( been to every country in the world over land ) - and myself .. it’s called three men in a pub and we talk about brexit !  
Complete mis-read of the situation. Brexit released the steam from the pressure cooker, reversing It will send a clear message that a once in a lifetime vote counted for nothing.  
Bizarre (to me at least) that they’re planning all this stuff while ignoring the fact that the economy is going to shrink by 8-16% due to Brexit.  
Why is #TheresaMay warning EU leaders that #brexit poses a risk to EU jobs? We elect and pay British politicians to promote and protect British jobs. If May is truly concerned about British jobs, she would abandon #brexit. Job done. #bbcr4today #brexitreality 
Theresa May wants long queues for Brits at airport passport controls as it’ll be ‘a tangible sign of Brexit benefits’. Read and weep.  
Playing some comp on overwatch, playing with followers! Come link up! 
Going on holiday to the rest of Europe is affordable thanks to the European Health Insurance Card, which lets me access free health care across the EU. A #Brexit which takes this away is #NotMyBrexit. 
People want a proper say on Brexit. Let them have it | Gina Miller  
MSM express outrage at social media "Fake News" because they believe it should remain their exclusive preserve. They prefer their anti #brexit propaganda to go unchallenged. 
Yes, I can see that threatening other EU states is a good way forward to sunlit #Brexit slopes. Hike off, Theresa, we’re going to #StopBrexit because you’ve embarrassed us enough. Give us our #PeoplesVote. 
Can’t Have another voteNO FOOD is a game changer.How can you explain 2 kids,they don’t have food Because Nigel Farage & Boris Johnson Are Idiots,Who Never Had a Plan B for AFTER BREXIT....AND...THEY CANT FIND THEIR COLLECTIVE ASSES WITH BOTH HANDS,A MAP, SIRI,& GPS 
Interesting... Labour to trial basic income. Also likely to discuss Brexit/2nd Vote at conference ...  
Theresa May will be forced to offer further politically difficult concessions to the EU to minimise damage to the economy caused by #Brexit, says one of the UK's leading economic thinktanks  
Consider:Spike during and following Brexit voteSpike when Hillary was initially cleared by ComeyTrump was very vocal about these two eventsAnd I’ll throw in a spike preceding the Trump Tower mtg to boot.  
Can you imagine Mueller's timeline?Jared & the SaudisPrince & SeychellesAlfa Bank/Trump TowerCambridge Analytica, Parscale, Mercer, Bannon, English ProfessorDon Jr & the Hackers Cohen in Prague Manafort and the Ukraines Brexit & NigelEvangelical Putin loveNRA/Butina 
Food shortages? Grounded flights? These could be the consequences of a messy Brexit  
#LastWordA dark time in our Nation’s history.The midterms a referendum on:Good vs EvilHumanity vs InhumanityRacism vs EqualityBigotry vs AcceptanceInclusion vs DivisionMorality vs CrueltyJustice vs Injustice Democracy vs FascismFree Press vs “Fake News”Truth vs Lies 
There are 3 months left of Brexit negotiations. The government doesn't have a clear plan and the bits they do have are widely opposed by the public.You know this doesn't end well for anyone. So speak up! Tell your MP!#PeoplesVote 
So. The political landscape is changing.Democrats&Veterans @DandVPartyUKIP @UKIPForBritain @ForBritainPartyTime (just launched) @TimePartyUKSovereign (soon)If @Conservatives fail to deliver a clean BREXIT, the days of the 2-party system are numbered. They're on notice, now. 
I have filed a motion to intervene in the case of Muir vs. City of #Miami over the MLS stadium referendum without commentIt's unconscionable for our elected officials to violate the Sunshine Law just to rush through a billion-dollar real estate deal. 
#RETWEET and #SHARE: If you would like @theresa_may to Resign! #MayMustGo #MayOut #MayMustGoNow #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #TheresaMay #ConservativeParty #Conservative #Conservatives #Tory #Tories #UK #EU #MayMustResign @Conservatives #TeamTory #MPs @DCBMEP #BREXIT  
#TheresaMay has played the #British people from the start and Humiliated our country time after time! Her Pathetic leadership is destroying the @Conservatives, she must be got rid of for the sake of #BRITAIN! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC #TORY @ConHome @andreajenkyns #BREXIT @DCBMEP 
Brexit: past the point of no return - I see us with insufficient fuel to get to our destination. For the moment, the cabin crew ply the passengers with food and drink but, up-front, the pilots know that they will never make landfall...  #Brexinfo. 
From the very start this #Brexit saboteur @theresa_may has been working against the #Democratic #Vote of the 17,410,742 people who voted for #FREEDOM from the #EU cesspool! #TheresaMay has betrayed all of us! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @andreajenkyns 
Bank of England urged to be more open about Brexit  
David Cameron’s sham EU renegotiation saw him beg the EU just like Theresa May,he got absolutely nothing & tried to spin it that he had got a great victory. May is doing the exact same thing with Brexit talks. Brits saw right through Cameron’s farce & they see right through May’s  
You wouldn't be mad if you suggest that Gove, Boris, JRM, Farage etc pushed for Brexit in order to sell all UK industries, food and healthcare to their American chumsBrexit is the biggest rip off and Scotland (being the last manufacturing country) will be sold off bit by bit  
Theresa May's Brexit plan would cost £500 per person annually  
I think of @michaelgove as the ‘Rt. Hon. Member for Backstabbing’ (first @BorisJohnson, then #Brexit). No one trusts him any longer. The politically inert @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is becoming ‘Jake the Fake’. He promises much but never delivers. In the end they will both put party first. 
I was in a great meeting all morning about the upcoming referendum on legalising cannabis and one suggested slogan for the campaign was #letsdoobiethis. I think we can all agree we have already won the vote with creative brilliance like this. 
'@theresa_may is booked to interrupt #Macron’s summer holidays to plead her #Brexit case. It is quite pathetic to see her & others crawling round Europe to scrape a few crumbs of comfort for a policy the vast majority of Britons reject. If only #Tory #Brexiteers would ditch her! 
+VIDEO sheer STATE VIOLENCE from #Spain ON PEACEFUL VOTERS 1Oct2017 #CataloniaA BINDING #Referendum, one without beatings, where #Catalans are allowed to decide to secede from SUCH a state; a MUST#CatalanReferendum#ReferendumYA@coe@eucopresident@Foreign_Cat@Crida_Intl 
After months of tiptoeing UK TALKS TOUGH - Hunt threatens Brexit ‘TRAGEDY’ for EU  
UK's Hunt urges France, Germany to force Brussels to strike sensible #Brexit deal  
Not seeing a downside tbh #Brexit  
#ERASMUS+ is Europe's Youth club, providing opportunities for UK youth to live, work, travel & study in 27 other countries#Brexit threatens to take away those opportunities from the UK Youth whilst the economic damage will further deplete funding for services at home  
The draw for the #TwitterWorldCup  has been made!Semi Final 1:Twitter  Vs. Twitter EMEASemi Final 2:Twitter Brexit Vs. Twitter GlobalGood luck to team captains @ewylie @eoincarrigan @patrickheu and @camvaf !  
Corbyn is the fella who's job is to  hold the government to account. When it comes to Brexit he spends more time whipping to support the Tories. Which is why he must go. Now. 
It is such a relief to be on the other side of the world, where people can get on with their lives, loves and music without worrying every day that the whole lot is about to be brought crashing down by Brexit...this is what we’ve lost, folks. It’s called peace of mind. #Australia 
It's a Brexit life!  
Brexit: What would 'no deal' mean for aviation?  
Theresa May must push for even softer Brexit, says thinktank  
New post: "In the absence of fines: The role of negotiation in the enforcement of environmental law"Dr Ole Pedersen explores the role of negotiated government/business agreements (enforcement undertakings) in UK #environmental law after #Brexit 
