Employers must check EU workers' status under no-deal Brexit  
" Readers will remember the GMB is often aided by UNISON. Both unions canvassed ruthlessly against Scottish independence in the 2014 referendum. Neither is a friend to Scotland’s constitutional or civil rights" - @Grouse_Beater 
Ok, a summary of Corbyn, McDonnell and Owen Jones tonight.They want to overthrow Capitalism and hate Centrists. And of course they’re supporting Brexit which will hammer workers nationwide, against the wishes of 70% of Labour voters.Who are they expecting to vote for them? 
Images have power, but so do you. Help us represent beauty as it really is — unretouched. Show your support. Share your  selfie. 
This new 50p piece will be an insult to all of us if Brexit goes ahead. So in case it does, we need a nickname! A bite-back for every time we're forced to use it!Ideas please.I suggest calling it a "Kipper", a "Leaver" or a "Fuckwit Fifty".Over to you!  pic.twitter.com/5yE6sQD2VT 
A  ‘Hexit’?(A play on six sides, a curse and Brexit.) 
#NewsnightSick of Brexit being dismissed as being that of the "extreme right" & "British Nationalism".I'm neither on the right or British Nationalist.There has been a concerted effort to conflate patriotism as being that of nationalism. Both have completely different meanings. 
Brexit would be "devastating" to the architecture profession, say 1000 leading architects in a letter to May.Business knows there is no good Brexit.Time for @CBItweets and ⁦@cbicarolyn⁩ to do their jobs, speak out and start opposing Brexit too.  
Two of our co founders were below the voting age when the referendum happened. Young people in Northern Ireland deserve to have their voices heard #ofoc #PeoplesVote 
It's not good enough just to be anti #BrexitWe need to promote the alternative with positivity & hopeAnd make them care enough about what we are set to lose to demand a #PeoplesVote  We must show pride in our #European identity #WeAreEurope  
I have been fighting #Brexit for 1200+ days.I have 29145 followers.I am trying to protect the lives of 3.7 million people.684.That's the number of people who have, so far, cared enough to help me with that. You tell me what's wrong here. 
"Maybe the problem exposed by the referendum was that the high priests of the prevailing ideology - in government, media and academia - hadn’t understood where things were going wrong." Evan looks back on the last four years of politics #newsnight | @EvanHD 
This is how I feel every day when I know I am still a bargaining chip in the #Brexit negotiations and the Vote Leave promise of "automatic grant of all existing rights" for @The3Million was undeliverable. 
This will benefit no one. There will be no economic gain of any kind except to some very few. It’s a disgrace.I hope that   Scotland rejects the nasty, xenophobic values of Brexit. Basically you either support these people and want to be governed by them or you do not. #IndyRef2 
If Tory Brexiters had put their plan for an ultra-free market tax haven economy in a general election manifesto that would have been honest. But instead they've been trying to sneak it in by stealth behind concerns about inmigration and strong borders. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
It’s time that everyone exercised their brain and realised that a Brexit which keeps us involved with an E.U. armed force is not what we want or need.Read this report from the Bruge Group and contact your MP immediately as even they may not be aware of what is likely to happen  
#Brexit is about a bunch of greedy rich bastards exploiting the fears and grievances of ordinary people to gain themselves a brutal #Brexit which forces Britain to slash the taxes, regulations, workplace rights & welfare that eat into their profits. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
So there we see it again! ‘EEA for now’ proposal is not viable as an option. It’s Canada+++ with a no-infrastructure customs frontier for NI, or a WTO Brexit with a no-infrastructure customs frontier for NI.  @BrexitCentral @Change_Britain 
"Remain said there would be an immediate recession" and people would be losing their jobs As a result". It was another Remain lie. @SuzanneEvans1 spot on. Let's get on with #Brexit  
Union leads resistance at BiFab, supports working women to strike, takes on Brexit,calls out Labour and union leaders, crap pay in CoSLA and NHS, stands up for shipbuilders, whisky workers and biscuit factories. Calls for more devo, open minded on indyref2.  Yeah mate, probs MI5.  
Former deputy leader of UKIP, Suzanne Evans says Brexit wasn’t about the economy “we just expected to take back control”#newsnight |@EvanHD |@SuzanneEvans1 
‘everyone in public life has a duty, a moral obligation, to do what we can to prevent a hard Brexit’Prof Muscatelli, Principal @UofGlasgow @Andrew_Adonis @OFOCBrexit @peoplesvote_uk @perth4europe @Stirling4Europe @GuitarMoog @JolyonMaugham @EuropeFife @wooferendum 
‘The public were offered pipe dreams, not realities,’ says John Major on Brexit. ‘The industrialist, the financier, the fisherman and the farmer will come to realise that, as will the health worker, the scientist, the businessman or woman.’ 
I must admit I’m a little disappointed in #Budget2018 My pay rise was not nearly enough,No new royal yacht to save Britain from Brexit & I expected some fondling for a few more statues of myself!#notfeelingthelove 
Because changing nothing can change everything. Look for our Beauty Mark on photos of models that have not been thinned, smoothed or digitally altered.    
Some Tories at least realize May hopes to exchange UK participation in EU defense structures for a soft Brexit. Result: May will join defense structures the UK has always opposed as anti-NATO but will get a deal more Remain than soft Brexit. Reason alone to reject Chequers.  
Maybe. Cos we keep on buying the same lie that Labour will save us. Cos we accept Adonis using his remain platform to attack the libdems for coalition but won't accept attacking Corbyn on brexit. Cos we elevate a few high-profile voices over those who might actually be right. 
What absolute nonsense.  The U.K. was quite happy with life as it was pre Brexit.  Family holidays no worries about being taken ill as they got reciprocal health cover. No roaming charges or got stuck for extra credit charge fees, no long queues at customs, extra booze.  
How dare she issue a coin to “celebrate brexit”Indifferent to:-the changed majority and millions of young people who want to remain-the next spike in brexit hate crimeTaking away our European Citizenship.How dare she - a week after the 700 000 #PeoplesVote march.Pls Retweet 
We do not need or want a referendum on abortion law. Both Stormont and Westminster have the power to act. In Stormont's absence, Westminster has a duty to act to uphold our human rights. #nowforni #clause4 @LabourLordsUK @LibDemLords 
This is absolutely correct. "Brexit" is a racist/fascist/liars/criminals project,and if Corbyn even now still supports it , after it has finally been shown by the Electoral Commission to be built on a criminally procured 2016 vote to leave the EU , then NOBODY should support him. 
Okay guys, I know I asked you for filler week topics but this is a big deal, NEW CALEDONIA'S Referendum is in a few days. We will be doing a cover vid for this talking with a NATIVE Caledonian for this week's filler week! Stay tuned! #NewCaledonia #Cool #info #News 
It hasn’t “become” Brexit’s defining issue. Some of us have been describing it as the “litmus test” since the very beginning:  
If a breakthrough offer means replacing Chequers with the #PlanAPlus #SuperCanada #Brexit, then we're all ears. But it will be more of the same poorly thought out concessions that will weaken our negotiating position 
EU Citizens contribute more to our economy than they take out. Time and again they've been made the convenient scapegoat. #Brexit 
Some people.say opposing brexit is not patriotic, well when this is reality, it's the oppposite.Brexit benefits the super rich in the UK and Russia. Anyone concerned about this whom voted leave, should be a #RemainerNow 
MORE SCAREMONGERING Standard and poor a financial research company, have given their assessment of a no deal brexit. Since the company were fined and banned from rating back in 2015. I think it’s fair to say they’re full of   
United Kingdom: 'BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Ireland ‘SECRETLY PLANNING’ for hard Brexit – shock survey of border' 
This is useful. Can someone tell @LiamHalligan? . #brexit  
Yup I’d have to agree . Love Yvette . Can’t vote labour again ( despite being labour whole life ) while Brexit Corbyn & front bench ignore wishes of the maj of Remain party . #PeoplesVote 
Brexit countdown - under 150 days now you #Remoaner bastards. Just how are you going to organise a referendum in less than 5 months. #Brexit #LosersVote  
.@KristinBTate: "The midterms are a referendum on @POTUS even though he's not on the ballot." 
Watch the joy coming of #Biafra, #IPOB referendum evangelism at Main Market Onitsha on Tuesday, 30th October, 2018, Power belongs to the people, #StopBiafraKillings #SupportBiafraReferendum#Biafrans will Boycott every Election in Nigeria, we must continue, Hope for #Biafra 
This sounds about right. Trump wanted to make the midterms a referendum on him (and on his racism), so at the last minute he used the caravan and birthright citizenship to put the spotlight back on immigration:  
You hold on to that Peter because most of the other claims from the referendum have since fallen away.  
I think the workers in the automotive, aerospace, aviation industries including their supply chains are now seeing you as a threat @jeremycorbyn.They’re your bread and butter and the reason The Labour Party exists, yet you’re selling them done the river with your Brexit stance.  
I'd be more inclined to take this seriously if it wasn't for the fact that Iain's fellow #Brexit travellers in the Tory party are the greatest collection of boil in the bag incompetent rent-a-clowns this country has ever seenGlass Houses & all that  
Tory strategy is taking shape; they can't agree or make sense of Brexit so they'll shower Tory-leaning voters with presents to keep them onside. As for the low paid, sick or incapacitated, they can fend for themselves & use foodbanks. EU citizens can go to hell. #PeoplesVote. 
The essence of democracy is that you should have a say in the actions government that affects your life. That is just as true for the 3 million non-British EU citizens who live here and contribute to our society. Yet they had no say in Brexit. #JustSayin 
And please remember that these very immediate threats are all *on top of* the general Brexit threats that everyone is having to deal with. For us today basically said: Kindly stockpile your food and medicine … and then come up with some way to evidence you have rights here. 6/ 
I honestly did not think possible that the govt could sink lower still. This is the most serious escalation yet, and a further evidence of the extension of the #HostileEnvironment to EU citizens. Considering that this is happening *before* Brexit is profoundly worrying. 5/ 
This Government knows Brexit is a job that is unimplementable. Their response: to do absolutely nothing.  
Tomorrow's front page: Fears over Brexit lead to rush for Irish passports #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The govt hasn't asked the questions, they don't even know what questions they should be asking.Still no end to the uncertainty for our EU citizen friends and colleagues.I'd be shocked except that this level of incompetence and dismissal is now the brexit norm. #PeoplesVote 
UVF shouldn't exist let alone give ‘advice’. Real danger in spreading false narrative of Irish Govt re Britbashing. NOT what is happening. Brexit is dangerously polarised on orange v green basis. Mooted solutions NOT constitutional issue. That is key point 
I have an idea; let’s be poorer less well connected to the world, fuck up our kids future and maybe undermine things like global security and environmental issues. Let’s call it “brexit” Next year crazy yanks can shoot ... yeah 
Only a small number of MPs wanted Brexit and look where that nightmare took us. 
Maybe somebody could come up with a Brexit dance.  
There are good and highly capable ministers in HMG but in among them May - who likes what she knows - has appointed some supporters who are unspeakably hopeless. And some of them to key positions. A national scandal. Now coming home to roost on Brexit and more. 
If the Tories thought the public would support Brexit they would have allowed another vote on leaving the E.U. But they know the first Referendum was based on pure blatant Lies, now the Truth is out they know they would lose, So they will never allow a peoples vote. 
Coming tomorrow - The Brexit Horror StoryA pandemic of political dissonance, a zombie government, the stench of the decomposing Westminster corpse and the nightmare to come - the meaningful binary vote over a disaster for the country or an unmitigated disaster for the country.  
While Remoaners  at home bleat and whine about our impending exit from the EU, the wheels are slowly falling off the whole EU project.  Italy is on its knees - destroyed by the catastrophe of the Euro.   A no deal Brexit would be a blessed release for us.   
National populism in 3 years..Poland: record resultUS: presidencyUK: fuels BrexitAustria: enters gvtFrance: record resultNorway: back in gvtGermany: record resultHungary: supermajority Italy: record/enters gvt Sweden: recordWhat's behind it?  
So lets get this straight. No deal =EU citizens with no rightsBrits abroad abandonedBusiness on its kneesShortagesNo EHICImport/export barriersGib/Falklands screwedNHS in crisisUnrestBrexit triggered not by the people, but by T. May aloneNever #PeoplesVote #Resist 
But, hey, blue passports in that “rest of the world” queue. Brexit is not inevitable. There should be accountability and mandate for this “sub-optimal” future. #FinalSayForAll #peoplesvote 
“Sub-optimal”.It’s perhaps how you might describe the weather conditions for skiing, or an undergraduate essay after a heavy night out. Brexit, as conducted & explained by this govt, has become a farce of the Carry On variety. Sub-optimal indeed.  
And this ladies & gentleman is precisely why there is absolutely zero chance of doing Brexit at all after Theresa May comes back from Brussels with the confirmation that she has failed to secure any deal.Will Parliament cancel Brexit or will the People?  
The way this government is treating EU27 citizens should be regarded as a crime against humanity, considerably less grave than ethnic cleansing, but enough to merit jail sentences and compensation for the victims.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
BREXIT - SHOCK POLLNo Deal #Brexit is NO PROBLEMMOST #Britons do NOT fear leaving #EU with #NoDeal - a new poll has revealed.#StandUp4Brexit#BREXIT = #FREEDOM 
56.5% of people in Cornwall voted for the fantasy #Brexit peddled in 2016. Very few people we speak to on the streets of Cornish towns every week now think Brexit will turn out well for jobs, the NHS or investment in Cornwall, And there is strong support for a #PeoplesVote. 
No-deal Brexit would trigger lengthy UK recession, warns S&P 
Farage right again .....      Nigel Farage: Time to get tough in Brexit negotiations  
 .... please please please please be true ... and please please please please dont let her sign her brexit betrayal beforehand 
94.000 got 6000 to go. Please sign and retweet one big push will get it completed. Very many thanks    Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Last two meetings for 2018 Please bring along undecided friends & family to both eveningsPhilippa Whitford MP discussing the impact of Brexit to NHS in Scotland & Gordon McIntyre Kemp on the prospects for business and economyBook tickets here! 
I'm proudly Scottish shall I tell you what embarrasses me! BBCBrexitTories LabourUKIPPoverty Katie Hopkins Nigel FarageRichard Leonard Homelessness Food banksRacism Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon What doesn't embarrass me! SNPEUNicola Sturgeon Scotland 
I mean it's only 28 months on from the referendum ... #shambles 
Brexit may mean "much higher" mobile phone bills for Britons travelling on the continent, a committee of MPs has found  
Old Allies: Americans to Get Access to Quicker Airport Lines After Brexit  
Here it is, 150 days until Brexit day. What have we learned? 1. There will be no deal 2. We will be worse off 3. No ‘Leave campaign’ promises will materialise 4. The NHS will struggle - the list goes on. What do we have for all of this? A 50p coin, blue passport and a concert? NO 
For Shame - a govt so bound up with the #HostileEnvironment, yet not engaged enough with its impact, it can casually throw out nuggets like this. Like so much else Brexit,policy is made without analysis of detail. People’s lives will be shattered by this callousness. #ukemplaw 
Quotes from Enda Kenny, Feb 2017 (link below): “Brexit is a British policy, not an Irish policy or an EU policy. I continue to believe it is bad for Britain, for Ireland and for Europe. But I respect the referendum result, and I recognise that Brexit is now going to happen.”  
Brexit means Brexit  
Remember those Leave assurances for EU nationals post-Brexit? Remember Windrush? Watch this cavalier govt casually impose a whole new level of discriminatory control that employers, landlords, banks etc could be asked to police 21 weeks from now. It’s an absolute disgrace. Thread  
Iain Duncan Smith - "We are at the point where nobody wants to hear any more forecasts, any more threats, any more promises. They just want to know, get this done, and get us out." #Brexit #Budget2018 
Cost of No-Deal #Brexit :-Unemployment surges-House prices crash-Inflation soars-Households lose £2700pa-Recession Tomorrow’s Guardian  
In Denmark this week their Prime Minister will meet all the other Danish opposition party leaders in Copenhagen to discuss Brexit ....that doesn't even happen in the UK that caused Brexit. 
The only vaguely rational argument I ever heard for Brexit was that the EU would collapse and take us with it.Well, some news. If the EU were to implode, it would take us with it regardless. And by leaving we increase the risk of that happening. So yeah, very well fucking done. 
@YvetteCooperMP captures the feelings of 48%+ of the #UK population right now #Brexit 
#Brexit planning so far...  
David Jones MP - "The EU is always characterised as a gravy train but that is because it is a gravy train.“Their accounts have never been signed off for the last goodness knows how many years. If that were to happen to a British company there would be an outcry." #Brexit  
Exactly. Now have a think about this: we are all stressed by the prospect of no-deal Brexit. But this is what millions of EU27 citizens now have to worry about *on top of* all other concerns.  
Queen guitarist Brian May has said that Brexit is the “stupid thing we’ve ever tried to do”  
He said he understood and that he heard me so as far as I'm concerned the Labour leadership has been fully informed of the damage allowing Brexit to happen would cause.They know enough that any party with any moral integrity would find a war to protect the UK from Brexit. 
Worth a thousand words - picture of ⁦@YvetteCooperMP⁩ listening to minister trying to explain to MPs how immigration system will work post Brexit  
Corbyn has had it spelt out to him by the best @Femi_Sorry. If he fails to respond he is not worth our vote. Fascism is a global problem now & Brexit is a part of it. There is no time to waste supporting a party led by someone that will not see it. History tells us #StopBrexit . 
8/ In summary, the UK Govt's policy for no-deal Brexit on EU citizens is to stop Freedom of Movement on March 29th, 2019. Immediately creating 2 classes of EU citizens with 2 different sets of rights. Indistinguishable to employers, landlords, health service & banks. 
Scotland’s budget is being cut by £1.9 billion whilst England’s Brexit, amongst many other consequences, will hike up vital SHS medicines. Scotland cannot afford this dictatorial union #ScotRef 
The Institute of Fiscal Studies sees a no deal Brexit as a disaster for the economy. Yet we wouldn’t have to pay out £39 billion, we would save £15 billion a year, we could abolish tariffs and regulations and the fall in the pound would cover any tariffs imposed on us. Disaster? 
.@DavidLammy is  right. You cannot undermine democracy with more democracy.There are many leave voters that, back in 2016, thought brexit was the right choice, now they see it's reality, they have the right to say so.  #remainernow #PeoplesVote 
I hit every angle:Damage to working classEU's reforms via Posted Workers directive (wage undercutting)The advantage Brexit gives to big corporationsLoss of human rightsYouthHe got the message. What he does next will tell us if Corbyn is who Corbynites think he is.  
It appears that @BorisJohnson has been persuading foreign heads of state to criticise the UK Prime Minister and her policies publicly. Does that make him the Brexit equivalent of Lord Haw-Haw? Well, BoJo, note that Haw-Haw came to a well deserved sticky end! #Newsnight 
In Denmark this week the Prime Minister will meet all the other Danish opposition party leaders in Copenhagen to discuss Brexit ....that doesn't even happen in the UK that caused Brexit. 
Dear Brexiters,Is it British to Quit & treat foreigners like cr@p?Is it British to not educate and inform yourselves of crucial FACTS before making huge decisions that affect the entre countryIs it British to kill your own country's economy? Because that what Brexit is... 
Wrong call - Replace PM May with a brexiteer leader and go to the country on a Brexit no deal - the Tories would walk it - the self serving chattering classes and the #Remoaners would never endorse a #CorbynLabour govt 
Keith, I am a working class man working in a supermarket filling shelves, if we leave the EU without a deal or even with a deal we will be economically worse off. The poorest will be hit the hardest. Lower pound means higher prices on essential foods. #brexitshambles #Brexit 
Like #Brexit.  The country voted to Leave the EU and our MPs do not represent the voters.  Every vote counted in the referendum, unlike under FPTP which is used to elect MPs.  See the problem?  We need #ProportionalRepresentation 
@tom_watson @Keir_Starmer Oh come on Hilary - just stop "brexit" , and stop it  RIGHT NOW ! If Jeremy won't agree, now is the perfect time to move him on - there are several other people who would be very,very good as leader ... 
#IPOB ONITSHA PROVINCE 2DAY 30TH OCT 2018,WE ARE FEARLESS B4 OUR ENEMIES, NO MORE ELECTION ACROSS #BIAFRALAND COMING 2019, #BIAFRA #REFERENDUM OR NOTHING,  GOD BLESS REPUBLIC OF #Biafra 
The scene was rockin', all were digging the soundsAbbott on chains, backed by her baying houndsThe Remainer - bangers were about to arriveWith their vocal group, "The Corbyn-Kicker Five"@Nigel_Farage, @afneil, #BorisJohnson #Jacob_Rees_Mogg #PeoplesVote #BrexitDecoded #Brexit  
Seeing loads of tweets saying if you're supporting Labour you're supporting Brexit. Or enabling it, or "abused partners of unfaithful lovers"Wouldn't it be better if we spent the last few weeks lobbying MPs, going to surgeries, seeking to influence how they vote?#PeoplesVote 
“I almost gave up on the idea that Ireland could have a referendum on abortion and change history.” For my @BritishVogue column, I had the incredible honour of speaking with the extraordinary Mary Robinson. Our relationship began with a bowl of soup. 
.@Femi_Sorry: "Brexit hurts the Many factory workers in the North East in favour of the Few, and removes our human rights protections...Labour values scream People's Vote!"  
“The OBR has not made decent judgements on policies for the future after Brexit. While it has now admitted its past forecasting errors, its future projections still look biased towards an unthinking anti-Brexit pessimism” Patrick Minford#StandUp4Brexit 
“Testiculi ad Brexitam” Bollocks to #Brexit!You know what to do....  
Brexit update. Conservative Party negotiations continue. Oh, and if they ever reach a satisfactory conclusion we might get a deal with the EU.  
FFS of course we’ll be in the ‘Rest of the World’ queue after Brexit!!! Which bit of ‘This is what happens if we leave the EU’ do people not understand??? #cakeism#PeoplesVote 
Bollocks To Brexit Bus, a Politics Crowdfunding Project in United Kingdom on Crowdfunder  
Corbyn’s Labour back Brexit, tax cuts and Universal Credit. The only difference between them and the Tories is they want to spend one thousand billion pounds and nationalise everything with a heartbeat. 
2 weeks running news has run the biggest stories ever.1. Climate change is on the cusp of becoming irreversible.2. Mass extinction is in progress.I'm here to oppose Brexit. It's irrelevant compared to 1. & 2.We're ignoring both stories cos they're too big to cope with. 
1. Just in case you were wondering what was going on with Brexit - sources say ‘too early’ to tell if there is a way of putting together a deal that gets through Cabinet 
No-deal Brexit would trigger lengthy UK recession, warns S&P  
The Telegraph quotes Philip Davies MP - a member of the ERG, the pro-Brexit group of MPs - as saying "This was the budget which exposed Project Fear in the referendum as total and utter cobblers!" 
Very good campaign film. But you can’t end austerity with Brexit. Dishonest to say so.  
Wear more clothes than you own. Borrow a box of fashion to wear all month long. Plans start at $79/month. Introducing the new way to shop. 
Just 150 days to go to #Brexit. Yay, thanks for reminding me @sarahwollaston You’ve made my night... 
I lived in this country for 25 years. Worked & paid tax all this time. Had no say in the referendum. I call London ‘home’. And this is how hardworking & decent people are being treated by this incompetent government.  
Amazing Sir John Major article on Brexit, a People’s Vote, and the young. “There is something unjust that so many of the younger generation - who will have to live with the fallout from Brexit for the longest period - are to be denied any say in the process.” #OFOC 
Employers must check EU workers' status under no-deal Brexit, says immigration minister  
Charles, you write Germans would push U.K. to hard Brexit. Is it not time to say we are responsible for our own choices and actions. Germany can’t “push” us anywhere. They did not vote out nor refuse to tell truth as Mrs May has since July 2016. @FabianZuleeg @JeremyCliffe 
Some people are complaining about the #BollockstoBrexit message being "offensive"  I don't care. #Brexit is offensive. The brand is iconic of the Remain campaign. The controversial message is guaranteed to get publicity.  
That Brexit coin, you Said? It’s a cracker! H/t @mikegalsworthy 
Some things this article gets wrong IMO: 1. Claims Germany won’t allow frictionless trade as it wants Brexit to be seen as entailing costs. A grain of truth, but bigger point is that frictionless trade is impossible outside EU single market, which UK has chosen to leave. 1/n 
Brexit is a fucking god awful mess that is already causing untold stress to peoples whose lives are being ruined. And Theresa May is doing absolutely nothing while the clock ticks down to chaos. I for one will never forgive her. 
Here’s that countdown clock. 150 days until economic disaster & border chaos but at least Govt will have given us a new Brexit 50p  
Since the referendum we've built our local campaign network from 20 groups to over 100 branches, but we need to take it to every corner of the country - Support us here:  
Chief Economist of Germany's biggest bank on #Brexit: “The UK will do just as well or better… the UK economy has it in its genes to do well, to be innovative, it doesn’t have this bureaucratic construct that the Europeans struggle with and it’s got flexible exchange rates!”  
The Independent laughably claims that 700,000 Remainers attending the #LosersVote march represents "a groundswell of support for a second vote"That is less than 1% of the total of 17.4 million who voted for BrexitSome groundswell! 
Surely the central point is that the UK can't have frictionless trade because of its various self-imposed red lines - which carry costs - rather than because Germany wants Brexit to be seen to carry costs? 
The Brexit clusterfuck continues  
Anyone noticed how this ,,,"scary #Caravan" sh*t that #Trump is peddling is the same as used by Farage, Banks,  #Brexit Leave campaign among others....we seem to have a festering fascist nest of nasty global #DisasterCapitalists imo. #CH4News 
I'm about to try to speak to @jeremycorbyn. I could say how Brexit betrays the factory workers that @UKLabour is meant to be working for. People whose jobs depend on their goods having full access to European markets. But I'm going to be to speak from a personal human rights POV. 
This evening, @ShankerASingham and @DavidDavisMP are explaining how a #PlanAPlus Brexit will help escape a crisis in the global trading system Learn more: 
The government is not planning to maintain the EU's ban on mobile roaming charges for voice, text messages and data following Brexit  
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit  
Dominate the snack table tackle with savory and delicious @RITZcrackers Salami & Ranch Hoagie Toppers #Nabisco 
British applications for Irish passport being turned down has skyrocketed  #Brexit 
Did you see my earlier graph... where we have gone from top of G7 performance to bottom since Brexit vote? Which bit of botttom of the League do you call booming?  
New #Brexit 50p coin designs revealed...  
sitcom pitch:a couple move in togetherthe twist?she voted Brexit and he's an Orca whalewatch the sparks fly as she extols the benefits of an independent trade policy while he feasts on a diet of salmon and sea turtles!they're an odd couple, but they make it work!! 
#Brexit seems to have polarised political views and opinions.How do we come together after March and stop the entrenched views? 
So Ireland only became a Brexit problem when “pragmatic” Kenny was replaced as Taoiseach by Varadkar, who wants to “stiff” the UK in return for lower EU budget payments.Really?So says @liamhalligan here (27.00 on), to applause.Myths like this will feed UK’s #Brexit illusions.  
The crowdfunder for #PeoplesVote bus was shared and failed. #BollockstoBrexit is a much stronger brand and message. Quite frankly I don't care about causing offense. #Brexit is offensive. If this is successful - It will get huge publicity.  
Instead of all the fighting, racism, bigotry & diversion which many claim immigration is causing why not put the matter of immigration to a vote. If they say no that's it if they say yes then the same applies. Of course if they say no Government can always ignore it like brexit. 
Any plan involving Norway/Efta was always going to require an incentive for the Efta states. The UK as a committed Efta member could make it in the strategic interests of Norway - but if we're just using them for temporary convenience it's a disruption and an insult. #Brexit 
Deputy Governor's roles in county governments unless a new referendum comes in.   
#Brexit is austerity on steroids. It’s clear real austerity is just starting, with the aid and support of labour front bench. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Have just minded my 2 grandkids ( 4 & 2) from 7am to 6pm. In this Govt's eyes I am:*Low skilled*Contributing nothing to the wealth of this country*Surplus to requirementsOh, and as an EU dual national, I am:*Unwelcome*A benefit scrounger*Here illegally#brexit #FinalSay 
Having your journey to Brexit ruined by pompous, elite, arseholes who think they know better is incredibly frustrating. Not only is it tiresome it is undemocratic. Fortunately there will be no Losers vote.  
Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes said that British companies will have to check the eligibility of EU workers after a no-deal Brexit. How might firms assess the right-to-work of employees? Nokes has no idea - the nature of the checks remain unknown #BrexitShambles #5MonthsToGo 
Dr Brian May: ‘Brexit is the stupidest thing we ever tried to do’  
No abuse from me - this man is so evidently not  a prime minister in waiting that I'm amazed he is still leader, never mind his Brexit position....I would like to see @DavidLammy take the reigns & get the Labour Party back on winning form... 
 Jeff Ace, Chief Executive of NHS #Dumfries & #Galloway, speaking this morning on the effect #Brexit could have on the purchase of medicines.: "It's hard to find an area that Brexit doesn't give us great cause for concern at the moment, and drugs is certainly one of those."  
Somebody just sent me this article and I thought it was a good and useful interesting read.  I'm sure everyone will agree on this one, Brexit is not even mentioned....  
In No-Deal Brexit, France will impose checks at Calais reflecting that it and the UK are no longer in a single market. This is not:- a 'go slow'- bullying- extortion- revenge for AgincourtDescribing it that way is an innacurate applause line making the debate dumber. 
Brexit preparations will cost at least £4.2bn: official. What a monstrous waste of our money! @peoplesvote_uk #FinalSay #FBPE 
It is fair question. But.. this question should have been asked before the bloody referendum. 
Budget tax cuts give someone on minimum wages £130 a year extra. Not a lot considering inflation will have taken £530 a year from them.Tories must think that if people fell for the #Brexit lies, they'll be fooled by the budget too. 
Dear #FBPE fanatics calling for a second referendum, where were you when all those treaties were being signed by our political establishment? Why weren't you calling for referendums then?You ignored us then, we'll ignore you now. 
Rating agency S&P has warned the chances of a no-deal Brexit have increased — and that such an outcome would spark a long recession in the UK.  
WATCH: Bristol MP @darrenpjones is absolutely right - support for a #PeoplesVote is growing every single day and it's because new facts are coming to light that we didn't know about in 2016. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal:  
Bloody hell. The Govt claims we can fill the skills gap left by Brexit by training up Brits. How are they showing the way? By cutting the training budget for doctors & nurses. 
Norway doesn't want the UK in EEA/EFTA 'pond' because they would NO longer be the biggest fishSo that hopefully puts an end to Remoaner hopes of the UK  taking the Norway option, which would be INCONSISTENT with the result of the EU referendum 
Hello @George_Osborne while I share your concern about the impact of a hard or no-deal Brexit, do you not feel just a teeny weeny bit hypocritical to publish a front page article about the perils of austerity. I recall you sadistically imposing it with relish. It killed people  
“Regardless of #Brexit, we want you to stay with us at UCLH”Clear and welcome message today from our CEO - @uclh will be meeting the cost of settled status application and offering legal advice for all European colleaguesOur hospitals wouldn’t be same without u#NHS 
The Immigration Minister's evidence to HASC today was extraordinary. I can't believe that govt policy for a no-deal Brexit is simply to scrap free movement immediately with all the massive problems that would cause- Home Sec must clarify urgently #Brexit 
Old Allies: Americans to Get Access to Quicker Airport Lines After Brexit  
Dave Brown on #PhilipHammond #brexit #Budget2018 #austerity- political cartoon gallery in London  
Risk of no-deal Brexit is now a rating issue for U.K., S&P says  
For those who missed it, here's the audio of last night's "Brexit: deal or no deal?" event with Ken Clarke, David Davis, Gisela Stuart, Liam Halligan and James Forsyth:  
I’m pleased that duty on Scotch has been frozen thanks to campaign by @ScotchWhiskySWA with cross party support. With #brexit fast approaching, it’s the least that could have been done given the tax burden on a bottle of Scotch is already SEVENTY FOUR PER CENT! 
In ANYTHING we do in life there is a get-out clause or an opt-out option. With everything we purchase, with marriage, with every contract we enter into - a cooling-off period. It makes complete sense and protects us from mistakes. #Brexit should be no different.#PeoplesVote 
reminder: we do not need to do this -Brexit. We are committing national economic suicide. #StopBrexit #StopTheMadness We need a #FinalSay 
We maintain that the prevailing hunger, starvation, humongous corruption, escalated violence, daily bloodletting, govt. insensitivity & governance by proxy, which are the hallmarks of this @MBuhari administration constitute the referendum by Nigerians to vote him out in 2019  
Anyone else sick to death of political tribalism? Left, right, centre, whatever... If you are for brexit, I stand against you, until my last breath. If you want to #StopBrexit I stand shoulder to shoulder with you, against all comers. 
Shocking session of @CommonsHomeAffs today with Immigration Minister and senior officials on #Brexit. Good summary here   
Score a snackerception at your Big Game watch party with our @OREO Game Day Spirit Cookie Footballs  #Nabisco 
There's no better summary of Brexit than William Keegan’s remark that it's like negotiating to leave the Premier League to join the 3rd division. This is so completely accurate that it raises yet again the question: why on earth is Brexit happening? 
Preventing Brexit from being a success.So far:-Remainers-Civil servants-Peers-Mainstream media-Bercow-Elite-Foreigners-Businesses-Judges-Corbyn-Experts-Lack of imagination-Juncker-Project Fear-Merkel-Scotland-Universities-The Irish-SorosNew entry:-Apple  
"You've only got 5 months!"@YvetteCooperMP has furious exchange with officials over what no-deal #Brexit would mean for border security (Spoiler: Some things would be "sub-optimal") More: [tap video to expand] 
My latest piece on Brexit for the Guardian, arguing that, for the EU, 'no deal' is not an end state; it would be the continuation of negotiation by other means.  
Police can't cope. Universal Credit is a catastrophe. Homelessness off the scale. Brexit can't be delivered. Councils going bust. A mental health crisis. UK debt stands at £1.78 trillion! What do the @Conservatives do about these "burning injustices"? Tax cuts for the rich! WTF? 
WATCH: Time is fast running out for the Gov to deliver a Brexit that upholds all the promises made by the Leave campaignWith only 150 days left, it's clear that the Brexit that was promised cannot be delivered. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
“The EU wants to ban British Summer Time and Brexit might mean we can't stop it.” Really? See my FACT CHECK:  
Imagine the chasm between your inflated self-image and your true competence being so great you cannot conceive that even the direct, catastrophic consequences of your own deranged project could possibly be your own fault. This is the mindset of the high priests of #Brexit. 
MORE than half of Britons do not fear leaving the EU with a no-deal Brexit, a new poll has revealed"UK citizens are seemingly so fed up with the interminable Brexit process, that they don’t care whether we leave with or without deal."  
The rich cosmopolitan elite hate Brexit because it gives the working class, young and poor a chance to get out from under. All the millionaires worry about is keeping people poor and exploiting the working class for a few more millions.  
Hate to say I told you so, But I told you so.DUP withdraws threat to vote down budget and promises to give Theresa May 'another chance' on Brexit  
EU roaming charges will 'probably' return after Brexit, MPs warn  
So this is it - What we've all been waiting for - The #BollockstoBrexit bus tour! But we need your help to get the show on the road! The more we raise the more UK cities we can visit & the louder we can shout "BOLLOCKS TO BREXIT IT'S NOT A DONE DEAL!"   
you know that feeling where you just want to stop campaigning against Brexit because of the attitude and abuse from fellow Remainers? that. again.  
The British public simply do not believe the scaremongering message that a 'No Deal' Brexit would be bad for Britain.52% do not believe it will lead to less money for public services or believe that to be a price worth paying for true independence!  
The people have spoken – now it's up to politicians to make sure that we have a Final Say on Brexit | @andrew_adonis 
The Vatican deny the version of @carmencalvo_ about where Franco's remains should be placed. Perhaps the Vatican could also explain to her that there really was a referendum in Scotland. Just sayin' ...  
I mean, this is just mind-boggling from the head of NI's police service: "We do not know who is leading the multiagency response to the land border implications of Brexit between the EU and the UK"  
“That process is not in our hands.” says Chris Grayling MP regarding the disruption of flights post-Brexit.I am sure every airline would love to figure out the logistics of new airline paths and schedules, since the Secretary of State for Transport seems to be taking a nap. 
Apple’s fault? Of course it is. Perhaps Apple should design a new iOS at its own cost to accommodate UKGov’s needs? Surely it not doing so is proof it wants Brexit to fail? Perhaps Apple is in cahoots with Martin Selmayr? UKGov, this is your fault. This is all your fault.  
People want to start to think like this. May has ballsed Brexit up so i think we should leave on WTO rules. If we do we will save 39 billion pound because they can whistle, no backstop so another 10 billion for a year saved. N Ireland could be sorted out with a digital border. 
Brexit went for a job interview today and it’s just waiting you know to hear back yeah it went really well what’s for dinner? 
Look forward to hearing you chat about record high in work poverty, the 17 Million people with less then £100 in savings & the fact Theresa May says the bulk of the “record NHS spending” will come from a Brexit “dividend” the OBR says won’t exist  
The budget was yesterday..Today we are back to 'but Corbyn won;t stop brexit' without informing as to how exactly he can do that when he is not in power and not negotiating. Why haven't the Lib Dems stopped brexit then? 
Still no dividend for our NHS.The head of the National Audit Office has said the £20bn for the NHS is only just keeping things going. It's certainly not allowing our NHS to keep up with the demands of an ageing population.Let's chuck Brexit & fund care for the elderly instead  
If anyone has been driving Britain off a cliff it is the pro-EU loonies who are doing everything in their power to wreck Brexit in the false belief that they will force a "No-Brexit" or a Corbyn govt. All they will actually get is a huge bill for a shocking Brexit. #FBPE 
Great to see Preston City Council call for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
Nigel Farage: Time to get tough in Brexit negotiations  
Three omissions from #Budget1. Any reference to imminent danger of cataclysmic climate change 2. Nothing to alleviate widespread destitution in UK3. No vision for UK post-Brexit (maybe they think it won’t happen - I hope so!) 
Brexit already hitting the public finances hard. #BrexitEffect 
Two years of calling Brexiteers thick poor bigots & saying the world will end when we leave the #EU has had made no impact whatsoever on public opinion. Time for #remoaners & the #FBPE crowd to stop whining & get behind #Brexit 
Got stranded on glorious @isleofcolonsay (paradise) for an extra three days. Missed Budget, plus three days of Brexit developments, and forgot completely about NI backstop. Were other upsides too, see beach.  
Why Negotiating With Brussels Has Been A Waste of Time (and Money) By Robin Dunbar  #brexit 
 The Tories have set out the UK’s budget for the next year. It’s a budget that failed to change course on the economy, failed to reverse the deeply damaging cuts to social security and failed to rule out a job-destroying no deal Brexit.  
David...why is no one focussing on the theft of Rights across the board which is being undertaken w/o CONSENT.There's no true mandate for #Brexit but certainly none for this travestyIt's ignored by @SkyNewsPolitics @Channel4News @BBCNews etc#PeoplesVote 
MEMO to PMTheresa -I know you're in a bit of a mess with #Brexit an' allBut you stood on  No 10 steps & PROMISED to tackle *burning injustices"You also declared an END to austerity in your speech  #CPC2018So - how does #Budget2018 achieve that - exactly ?#APoliticalChoice 
Brexit shock poll: Most Britons WANT UK to leave EU with NO-DEAL  
Flights could be disrupted after Brexit, Chris Grayling admits  This will massively impact people who fly to visit family. It's vital more now than ever that we need a #PeoplesVote 
“I’d rather have a clean Brexit than what currently seems to be on offer: staying in the EU in all but name, with no say over how things are run. That’s the sort of outcome that May is aiming for.”The Guardian’s Larry Elliott on #Brexit 
This was the last planned budget before Brexit. So isn’t it extraordinary that it contained no exciting and imaginative plans to make a triumphant success of our life outside the EU?  
Did a majority of Conservative and Labour constituencies vote to leave in the EU referendum? Yes, is the answer. Worth knowing.  via @FullFact 
 via @GuidoFawkesA new poll by the EU supporting Politico has found that 52% of those polled said that a No Deal Brexit would not be a problem whereas 48% said No Deal would be a problem.This is a boost for all those who support Brexit .Bring it on. 
On #Macron: here is the half empty/full glass metaphor.  Personally, I reserve my judgement. All I can say, he has been in power for only 18 months and he is a democrat unlike, well, Trump, Salvini, Orban, Putin, Erdogan, Bolsonaro, Mélenchon, Le Pen and Brexit.  
Should we leave the EU regardless of the deal? Or stay in a customs union? Allow free movement? Do we need a #PeoplesVote? Have we changed our minds? On Mon Nov 5th #WhatTheNationReallyThinks in the biggest independent survey since the referendum at 8pm on @Channel4 #C4Brexit 
Great news that Preston City Council voted to support a #PeoplesVote. Another council joins the growing list of local communities rejecting Brexit and backing a #FinalSay @prestoncouncil @peoplesvote_uk 
Christ. This is crazy.I run the most active pro-EU Facebook group ... Scientists for EU (we’ve even been outgunning ) I also run NHS Against Brexit. You can’t get more anti-Brexit than that. I work on this on 6-7 days/week & have done since 2015. 
In this extraordinary version of "why Brexit happened" Nigel Farage is so upset about failing to get a seat in Thanet that Wigmore and Banks whisk him off to Belize. There they are joined by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft and plot Brexit at any cost 1/3 
But just like with everything to do with Brexit, the onus is always on someone else, and it's also always someone else's fault. Including @Apple's .....  9/ 
.@EdwardJDavey has warned #Brexit “risks a repeat of the Windrush scandal for EU citizens” following the appearance of Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes before the Home Affairs Select Committee this afternoon. #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
Belatedly listening to the rest of the home affairs committee on Brexit, and it's getting no better. Yvette Cooper openly aghast that Home Office & Border Force witnesses can't/won't say how border security could be affected by loss of shared information if there's no deal. 
Where we're at. A psychotherapist uses his "professional" position to label a passionate campaigner against brexit as "obsessional".  It's called determination Mr Hodson.  Dangerous times, the Nazis used men in white coats as well...  
Here is the Airbus Brexit impact assessment for which they were heavily attacked by Ministers. It mentions the 1,900 expatriate staff in the first 2 lines of the report. Would she like it drawn out in crayon? 
 MP says talking about a second referendum would "just encourage the EU to give us the worst possible deal Same MP starts campaigning for a second referendum EU gives us terrible dealMakes you wonder doesn't it   
She’s lying in the Nordic council. The U.K. parliament voted to for an advisory referendum which has no checks or balances as it was advisory.People didn’t vote to decide to leave YOU did @theresa_may when you sent the letter.Blatant lies @guyverhofstadt @faisalislam 
A lot of optimists are still insisting there'll be some kind of deal before we exit. Because, you know, "No Deal makes no sense".Sorry people, but No Sense became the status quo in the UK the moment it decided to Brexit.#NoDealBrexit 
‘Norway for now’ isn’t going to fly. Even if it could, it shouldn’t be supported: Doesn’t allow for us to be in Customs Union Doesn’t resolve the Irish backdrop issue Multiple rule changesWorst of all - no clarity on future: Brexit in a blindfold!  
We should be able to find a tech solution where those who dont want to be in the EU dont have to be, those of us who do can be and yes - they have to pay all the costs - a special brexit tax for brexit voters  
No, this ‘Norway for Now’ stuff is a total distraction - unless, worse, it’s a placeholder for a hardline Brexit after they’ve removed Theresa May. If Parliament rejects the deal what we need is a @peoplesvote_uk 
Your option has been ruled out before it even got off the ground. That is not the question at all @NickBoles - there is a way out of this mess - a @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit  
The Tories never warned us that the side effects of #Brexit would include a depreciated pound and a rise in inflation, and they tricked the country into believing countless false promises. How can we let a PM and Government that deceives continue deciding our future? #PeoplesVote 
Brexit means cupboard is bare but Tory Budget finds tax breaks for rich, crumbs for others & not enough for essential services. Save our economy with a public vote on the EU Deal so we can be saved by staying in the EU   
Nigel Farage - "You go to our European friends and neighbours and treat them as friends and neighbours.“But you say ‘look we are leaving. Now look, guys, this is entirely up to you. If you want we can be grown up about this and have a free trade deal." #Brexit  
#Brexit as Germanophobia, it seems. These oldies among the high priesthood of Brexit are still fighting the last world war. They'll turn the future into a titanic struggle for today's young Britons. It doesn't come much more despicable than this.  
Under-reported point. Brexit has already hit the public finances hard.  
By popular demand: Gavin Esler again meets Lord Adonis ‘In Conversation’.The event, entitled ‘Can Brexit be stopped?’, will be on 6 November at Church House, Westminster at 18.30. Spaces are limited and entrance is on a first come first served basis. We hope to see you then!  
'Even Baldrick had a plan'- one of the best quotes from the new set of postcards in my mail bag- all in favour of a #PeoplesVote. The Chancellor was talking about a 'Brexit deal dividend' yesterday in his speech- but Treasury's own reports says it doesn't exist! #Budget2018 
Lord Owen - "Just get off the fence. We all know that Jeremy Corbyn wants to leave, we know that his Chancellor wants to leave.“Stop trying to pretend to the electorate that you are on the side of those who want to remain and leave." #Brexit #Labour 
Impact of #Brexit on demographics:Age:0-18 - Royally fucked.18-34 - Definitely fucked.35-49 - Fucked.50 -65 - Still fucked.66-90 - what winter heating allowance?Dead - No impact.Sex:Male - FuckedFemale- FuckedRace:All - FuckedWealth:Poor - FuckedRich - Laughing 
Some pretty, shall we use their own jargon, 'sub-optimal' moments at Home Affairs Cttee this afternoon - Home Office and Immigration Minister trying to explain what may or may not happen to borders and immigration after Brexit 
Lads bin actin strange. Decided to check his pc. Shock an horror as I see fortnite. In disbelief. My sons a virgin. Fall to my knees and let out a brexit fury cry. Face goes red. Its clobberin time. Fist threw screen. Boot the dog. Shit on his pillow Nicked piggy bank. Pissed off 
This is the ‘most things don’t matter and nothing matters very much’ school of politics and life. It’s not my politics - or life. Some things matter a very great deal. Brexit is one of them  
WATCH: Last week @RemainerNow visited Parliament to share why they voted leave but now demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Whether you voted leave or remain, more and more people are demanding a #PeoplesVote on this dog's dinner #Brexit.  
Brexit gobshite Digby Jones clocks into Parliament for attendance allowances then leaves to make paid-for speeches. #Twat  
And @EvanHD will be signing off from #Newsnight with a must watch line up. Former Chancellor & Editor of the Evening Standard, @George_Osborne will join him live to reflect on the challenges over recent years - politics, nationalism, identity and maybe a small measure of Brexit.  
All-round idiot Digby Jones hopes there'll be a Brexit benefit in "100 years time"  
Local services will face a £3.9bn funding black hole next year while demand for social care and homelessness support spirals. Austerity isn’t over. #TheBudget2018 completely ignores the funding crisis that Brexit will make worse 
Chair of @Econs4FreeTrade Patrick Minford blasts the failing OBR's "anti-Brexit pessimism", saying "it has no decent independent model of the economy" and has failed to provide "good independent advice to counter-balance any biases in Treasury judgements."  
Yvette Cooper's face says it all - expressing frustration that only five months left and no-deal planning for Brexit is  
“There will be no second referendum” the PM tells a Finnish MP at Nordic Council in the Norwegian Parliament who suggested a “final say” for “the people” on exit negotiations  
Theresa May says you're not allowed any more democracy.It's no wonder, given that she's trying to get a deal that almost no one wants.Don't let her away with it. Demand a #PeoplesVote on her Brexit deal. We have the right to the #FinalSay 
Wow that’s great news. The only way we can save country is by people leaving Brexit parties. Every remainer paying money to labour or Tory parties are sponsoring #Brexit. Leave and join a pro EU Party.  
Britain needs our Liberal Democrat alternative and at the heart of that plan is the chance to “Exit from Brexit” through a People’s Vote. Freeing the country and future generations from the needless self-harm.  
Brexit and the Tories have had 2 years to sort out this mess. The choice now is May's terrible Chequers Deal or we stay in the EU.  
REALITY: Norwegian PM shoots down Norway option for UK. Only Canada-style free trade deal or No Deal, World Trade Brexit deliver the full independence that 17.4 million voted for!  
The UK economy is already 2.5% smaller than it would have been without #Brexit - and that is before we have even left... 
"The OBR has been forced by the outturn on its abysmal forecasts to cut some slack for Mr Hammond in this Budget...While it has now admitted its past forecasting errors, its future projections still look biased towards an unthinking anti-Brexit pessimism"  
This referendum has been flawed from the start & is just not good enough for BC. @jjhorgan must explain why he’s trying to change our democracy to hold on to power. On Nov 8, I will be doing everything I can to make sure he does that. #PropRep 
WAITcool idea...guess who's going to pay the £65 for her "settled status" application in Brexit 50p coins and nothing else 
Mrs May suggests that anything other than her Chequers deal would be a national catastrophe. (#ProjectFear2)After Mr Hammond's Budget, how fearful are you of #NoDeal Brexit?Pls RetweetComments welcome. 
"Bentley has become the latest carmaker to warn that failure to reach a Brexit deal would hurt its sales and ability to invest, and would lead to a temporary shutdown of its factory in Crewe, Cheshire."  
Marcel our CEO has written to every one of his fellow European colleagues today outlining his personal commitment to support every mainland EU and Irish colleague to stay playing a key role in the #NHS after #Brexit. 
Brexit and Corbyn are both examples of this move away from the centre. People want change and are no longer willing to vote for politicians who insist that there is no alternative to the globalisation that fails deliver for them  
Remarkable for a minister to set out a policy on @The3Million without any government paper on what happens in detail in the event of no deal Brexit. Which evidence would be required? Would this apply to existing staff? Also an obligation for landlords, etc? This is shambolic.  
Breaking: in case of no deal Brexit employers will have to check paperwork of EU citizens FROM April 2019. How are we meant to prove right to work if Settled Status application system & documentation not rolled until March 2019?  
A patient is left uncertain about whether his eyesight-saving medicine will be available in 5 months time or not. He's tried asking the government but they're being secretive. It's a shame on our politicians that they can't just come clean about Brexit. 
"Creating a competitive, innovation-friendly atmosphere is a huge potential hidden 'win' of Brexit".  
Trevor Phillips, former chair of the Equalities and Human Rights commission, says he doesn't think Brexit has increased racist crime  
Yet another shambolic performance from Immigration Minister Caroline Nokes over post-#Brexit immigration logistics, employment checks and EU citizens. I have zero confidence in her or @ukhomeoffice to handle this very serious issue. @peoplesvote_uk @WalesForEurope @The3Million 
This is an important thread, which starts with the budget and ends with Brexit and I think @jameskirkup might be on to something here 
Over 1,000 leading architects have signed a letter to the UK prime minister stating that Brexit would be "devastating" to the architecture profession.There is "no good Brexit" say Foster, Rogers and Chipperfield in open letter to UK prime minister  
There was a distinctly mixed market reaction to the pre-#Brexit budget yesterday: the #FTSE 100 Index was 0.16% higher, but sterling was under pressure. How will the budget’s measures help to protect Britain’s jobs, businesses and prosperity? 
A chart that graphically shows the steady decline of GDP growth in the UK compared to other G7 countries since the EU referendum. And it’s only going to get worse after Brexit.Thanks to @Andrew_Adonis for this chart. 
Bentley becomes latest carmaker to warn of no-deal Brexit damage  
It isn't just our gov't and MEPs who'll lose their voice after Brexit. Every day there are hundreds of conferences taking place throughout the EU for businesses, ministries and NGOs. So far, British voices have always been an integral part of such meetings. But not anymore. 
“Under every (Brexit) scenario that has been independently modelled, even by our own government, the UK will be poorer and weaker, and the poorest regions and the least well off will suffer the most. No-one should be complacent about that” John Major  
Friends! The thread of connections between the rise of the Right, Hate Crimes, Trump & Brexit, exists!Here's an example:Far-Right elements - e.g. Labour Leave voters - commit Hate Crimes, e.g. voting for Brexit, which is against Our EU Law!Talk about a multi-front struggle! pic.twitter.com/zAe5n11y6P 
Looks like the Norwegians not overly keen on having UK in EFTA/EEA. I can’t imagine why.....#Brexit  
.@TheIFS added that there was effectively no prospect of a "Brexit dividend" for the public financesOn ending austerity - it's far from over.On ending the deficit - it's far from over. On Brexit dividend - it's not on the cards.  
Just about to hit 90.000.  Please sign and retweet....   Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Macron keeps sticking his unwelcome nose into the Brexit process, perhaps he should try focusing on his own country and improving what is frankly a dismal approval rating. His honeymoon is well and truly over!  Support us at  
When you hear Lord Digby Jones pontificating loudly about how wonderful #Brexit will be for business, just remember that he really doesn't have a clue what he's talking about,#PoliticsLive #PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/Nn8XNHIFuI 
BREXIT: Nowhere to hide if no-deal crashes UK, Major tells Brexiteers /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
 here guys can you all sign this and share to stop a second referendum or a people’s vote 89,000 signed already we need to get it to 100,000 
This is good to hear,time Celebs realised the public gave them their status and they can take it away also.I don’t need the likes of Lily Allen or Bono to tell me what to think about Brexit or eating Halal meat.To all Celebs keep your opinions to yourself.No one is listening.  
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE RIGHT WING WANT. That is what Brexit is all about. With civil unrest, a weak government & an ineffective Parliament those with money can buy considerable power and re-structure society to their greater benefit. Why so many vote for it I do not understand. 
I see Brexit wants to kip on Norway’s couch while it gets its life together 
Politicians in the UK should note the result of Ireland's #blasphemy referendum. Blasphemy laws in Scotland and Northern Ireland should be repealed. And the government must increase the pressure internationally for the repeal of blasphemy laws  #FreeSpeech 
.@johnmcdonnellMP in his budget speech fails to back my call for a #PeoplesVote and a chance to #ExitFromBrexitThis would restore the levels of growth seen before the EU Referendum.This growth would pay for the investment we need in schools, Councils, prisons, police 
What if the landed gentry and our political elite were just deliberately lying to us?  What if  they WANT civil unrest and the army on streets? Martial law to set aside parliament.  What if we need protection from our own government.  Is this what's behind Brexit? 
I voted to leave the EU. As did 17,410,741 other people.We did not vote for "Brexit", hard, soft or otherwise.We did not vote for years of unnecessary in/out purgatory.We did not vote to Remain in all but name.We did not vote to negotiate leaving. We voted to leave.  
This pressure cooker salmon came out so good!! Top with a slice of lemon, some fresh dill, and @ICBInotbutter for the perfect healthy meal. Less food drama because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fat than butter! #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
The OBR has consistently shown itself to be gripped by anti-Brexit pessimism says Patrick Minford of Economists for Free Trade. 
This article from Mr Major will resonate with so many leave voters who are #remainernow"People who voted for brexit did so with high hopes -most of which will be unrealised"&"How can it be right to hold people to a decision made upon false promises?"   
It's Halloween! Do you want Brexit Trick or People's Vote Treat?Maybe you joined the #PeoplesVote march recently but, have you written to your MP? Have you spoken face2face with your MP at their surgery?Now is the time to meet your MP! Find out more at  
There is "no good Brexit" say over 1,000 architects including Foster, Rogers and Chipperfield in open letter to UK prime minister –  
"I don’t think it’s easy... to enter into an organisation you are preparing to leave at the same time”Norwegian PM Erna Solberg pours cold water on idea UK could temporarily join EEA after #BrexitMore on Norway model: [tap video to expand] 
Burning brexit papers to stay warm x #cold 
The EU has come up with a novel way to undermine support for Brexit - not by winning the argument, but by curbing press freedom and preventing the red tops from ridiculing pompous Eurocrats, writes Mick Hume 
TV star Chris Tarrant explains why he's changed his mind on Brexit  
For those who keep insisting France is trying to punish the UK, here's a translation I made of French government's draft bill to mitigate the chaos of a hard Brexit. If you find this vindictive or punishing then I can't help you.  
"We need to stop with the negativity about Brexit and move on! That's what the public are telling us, move on!"Digby Jones apparently misunderstood what the 700,000 people marching on Parliament the other week were actually asking for. #PoliticsLive 
Ryanair boss: ‘Tory half-wits pushing disastrous Brexit are insane’“The dogs on the street know that Brexit is a disaster, and a disaster for the UK economy.”Only liars say otherwise. But we have many liars. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit in a nutshell.  
Irish born child referendum, anyone?  
REVEALED: MPs can NOT legally veto No Deal Brexit, according to House of Commons officials. “Parliament will be able to ‘have a say’ in a No Deal scenario, but none of them provide Parliament with a legal veto over Brexit.” 
The real answer to Catalonia is only, a true referendum! If the seperatists are in sufficient numbers and show they are a majority then Spain if it is a true democracy has to let Catalonia cede from Spain and become a pais in its own right!! 
£1,144. That's how much the Govt's Brexit mess HAS ALREADY COST the average working person, according to the latest forecasts from respected & independent @OBR_UK #Budget2018 Please RT so everybody knows: 
"There is something unjust that so many of the younger generation - who will have to live with the fallout from Brexit for the longest period - are to be denied any say in the process."Sir John Major on our report's indisputable case for a #PeoplesVote 
Think back 10 years ago. Did you think tump could happen? Russian manipulation of an election with the approval of the candidate? Brexit? Our pres kowtowing to Putin? A congress and Senate that refuses to put a check on the Pres? Now an SC that does the same is so far fetched? 
#Brexit trade deal with EU could take 10 years, says UK's ambassador.So much for concluding the easiest deal in history, with the UK holding all the cards, within the two year transition.It would be easier to unscramble an egg.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brits face 'much higher' mobile phone bills after Brexit  
So now the UK wants to leave the EU so it can join the EEA in order to leave it .. to do what then?How are a businesses & people supposed to plan for decades of mindless chaos? What a pathetic joke brexit has reduced this country to- I’m ashamed to be British 
@carolecadwalla fantasy is backed by anti Brexit groups & it’s all a bit tiresome now! The police confirm only interference has been from people like Carole & the crazies !  
Remember that @theresa_may has NO MANDATE for a 'no deal' Brexit.Her manifesto committed to "the best possible deal for Britain" and a "smooth, orderly Brexit."None of the options on offer fulfils that commitment.A #PeoplesVote is now essential.(h/t @A50Challenge) 
An excellent resource on all things Brexit  
This is all because of Brexit somehow. 
‘Norway for now’ would mean no-deal Brexit later | Hugo Dixon  
A new 50p coin to commemorate Brexit? Make it £1 to show that you mean it Mr Chancellor, writes @JuliaHB1 
The kleptocratic right is whipping up fear, hate and nationalist hysteria because it knows they can be used to destroy the liberal and social democracies whose taxes and regulations eat into their profits. The combination of greed and hate is kleptofascism.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
As you may know, campaigning against brexit is my full time 'job' at the moment. Usually, I try to focus on that and keep out of public spats as much as possible, but there are a few things that I just can't keep quiet about anymore. 1/ 
Chantelle abstained in 2016, she did not think there was enough information. Now she sees much of the brexit promises were lies and the reality of brexit she is a #RemainerNow Respect to Chantelle, many feel like you. Please write to your MP.  
#BrianMay: ‘Brexit is the stupidest thing we ever tried to do’  We agree with that  
We've updated our #Brexit reading list. It brings together briefings by the Parliamentary libraries and the Devolved Assembly research services. Find everything you need in one place  
What Liverpool council needs to remember is that 85% of the public do not support self id. More men than women, do not support it. Unlike Brexit people are too freaked out to discuss it. Conflation with gay rights is misguided since there was no issue of competing rights. 
Frankly baffled that the People's Vote has come down so hard against the Norway option. If they had funneled their efforts into a soft Brexit from day one then the war would be over by Christmas 
The Brexit city of Stoke won't be happy with James McClean for not wearing a poppy. Imagine if he told them about air travel. They'd burn him at the stake. 
At 100,000 signatures, this petition will be considered for debate in Parliament (currently on 89k):Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  #Brexit  
The Chancellor has indicated that in a no-deal Brexit he would consider putting Britain on a path towards becoming an low-tax economy with a scaled-back & reformed system of regulations, to become a sort of European Singapore. Bring it on!  
why is nobody addressing the #RemainDividend?? we're losing £500m a week thanks to Brexit, that's at least how much the Remain dividend is worth!! 
In London for a couple of days. Lack of understanding of EU27 position & appreciation of EU's resolve & unity on #Brexit is profound. Many/most still believing that EU will concede & that UK can't on NI. Increasing my probability estimate of chaotic no deal Brexit to 50%+ 
Even we Remainers have been at fault in sustaining the lie that there is an EU immigration problem. Too often we have been unwilling to challenge the lies because we've believed that doing so would merely remind Leavers of their main reason for wanting to quit the EU.#Brexit  
Britain may have opened a path to restart Brexit talks and perhaps even seal a deal before Christmas  
Brexit is 150 days away. #brexit 
Of course everyone (including the DExEU) now agrees that brexit will make us financially poorer, but yes, the loss of FoM - painted as being the goal we have to pay for - is perhaps most distressing.My kids were born with those rights. What kind of fool pays to lose freedoms? 
Wishful thinking.Some people really need to step outside of their elitist bubbles & see what most people are saying about Brexit.  In rural France it's envy & hope, not humiliation they talk about.  
As a migrant, London offered me freedom – now the violence unleashed by Brexit is taking that away | @amancaytapia 
"No-one really wants to talk about this. It is unfashionable to suggest that the public can be wrong about things."New study shows Brexit is drenched in fake news  
"Many foreign financial institutions are frustrated - like many UK businesses - by the lack of any real clarity over what sort of Brexit the UK will actually achieve when the Article 50 period runs out in March next year."  
Trump has got so bad he’s planning to do what Irish voters voted for in a 2004 referendum by a 79% majority.  
Young people know that Brexit is going wrong. That’s why the overwhelming majority of us back a #PeoplesVote BUT we need to write to our MPs to make sure they know as well. Go to  and do it today. #FFS 
All Hammond did was spend the reforecast extra tax receipts that the Office of Budget Responsiblity had  mistakenly vastly underestimated. Otherwise no change. There is NO Brexit dividend. Instead 5 years of sub-trend growth - worse if no deal. Meta spin cannot dodge these truths  
Labour are a waste of space when it comes to tackling Brexit! Support a Party that isn’t afraid to fight for what is right for the U.K.! Support the #LibDems for a #FinalSayForAll to #remain 
Theresa May MP: Say no to a second referendum get on with Brexit - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
Why does the BBC keep inviting the left wing, anti-Brexit,  convicted criminal Vicky Pryce on to the news channel to 'impartially' discuss economics?   
Lord Owen part 4 - if Labour backs Remain the consequences for its MPs outside London will be "very, very severe". #Brexit  
Nick Boles’ #Brexit plan to copy Norway for a few years and then flip to Canada won’t work for legal and political reasons. Michael Emerson explains why in this report. 
Let me be clear: there will be no #Brexit dividend. #AutumnBudget Whatever the ​deal, we will be worse off outside the #EU. The Government’s own analysis shows that.#CardiffNorth #PeoplesVote 
My point is there is next to zero enthusiasm in the country for Theresa May's Brexit deal. Most Brexit voters find it abhorrent. They're just struggling to come to terms with the fact that they can no longer see a path to what they would consider a "good Brexit". 
There is no Brexit that's good for young people in the UK - in the worst case scenario, young people will be £108,000 worse off in terms of lost earnings by 2050.Sign our petition and tell your MP that you want a #PeoplesVote  
In 2016 - 62% of Scottish voters voted in favour of remaining in EU.  Taken individually, all 32 local authority areas in Scotland voted to remain.Can you imagine just how much it is in 2018 - with Brexit crap all over the windscreen.This is why media have turned up the volume. 
"Initiatives like this coin launch are designed to try and give the false impression that Brexit is a foregone conclusion. The people of this country want & deserve the final say on the deal, and politicians must pledge to give it to us without delay."  
Glasses Wearers are Going Crazy Over This Website 
Economic investment into the North, Wales and NI, is necessary. But Brexit puts a hole in the bucket we're trying to fill.Trying to create new businesses for new jobs while walling them off from their closest markets.(I might have mixed my metaphors there.) 
Theresa May is a pretty awful PM and has made a terrible hash of Brexit, but she exudes a reserve and dedication to duty that many people grudgingly recognise which is keeping her afloat in the polls. Corbyn on the other hand just exudes Albert Steptoe 
What are the odds Cher could even find Brazil on a map or ever heard of Bolsonaro?Trump won. BREXIT passed. Macron faltering badly. Merkel out. Citizens are tired of being treated second rate their own country. It won’t stop. #VoteRed #RedWave 
What do you think about #Brexit? We're asking our members for their views! To have your say, activate and login at  Haven't got round to joining yet? Do so before the consultation closes, midnight Thursday, to take part:   
Merkel is not responsible for #Brexit. Merkel does not speak for the EU and does not have the power to do so. Her position has always been to back the EU Commission‘s defence of the Single Market and its 4 freedoms. Blaming Merkel is swivel eyed nonsense 
Britain voted for Brexit because they’re all racist dinosaurs...Continental Europeans are far more tolerant than us racist Brits...Oh...wait a minute. Scrap that. The facts suggest quite the opposite...#EU #Brexit #Europe #Racism #EuropeanUnion #UK 
Just in case anyone is in any doubt about it, this Government does NOT have an electoral mandate for a No Deal Brexit.  
The new Bollocks to Brexit bus tour crowdfunder is underway. #Bollockstobrexit has been THE definitive message of defiance to a dishonest and undemocratic brexit. Help support the bus. Brexit is NOT a done deal #FBPE #peoplesvote 
The lassie you see crying in this pictureWas a London based Labour activistWhose address was CamberwellShe voted in the Scottish Independence Referendum by using her parent's address in Ayrshire  
I've received welcome reassurance from Met Police that political sensitivities are not impeding investigations into Leave campaign breaking law. But this is a matter of urgency. We need to see the evidence *quick* as this could change minds over #Brexit.  
@ImIncorrigible @mrjamesob @JasonJHunter @donnyc1975 Finally it's online, the grand story of frictionsless trade after Brexit!  
Merkel is going but Germany won’t shift its stance on Brexit | Charles Grant  
Answering reporters on her arrival in Norway today, Theresa May was forced to declare that she is not preparing for another snap General Election after Brexit! The rumour mill is whirring again. 
Brexiters promised opportunities for global influence after #Brexit. Our allies cutting us out of key decisions is a sign of things to come. 
Where are the 700,000 people marching in favour of Theresa May's Brexit deal? Or in favour of No Deal?This isn't about Leave-Remain anymore. The reality is: People don't like EITHER of our Brexit options. #PeoplesVote 
Never, as a young person, will I ever forgive any party that supports Brexit. Destroying the futures of young people is totally unforgivable, and the next generation of voters will punish you! @UKLabour, I’m talking to you. The @Conservatives have had it. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
2016: vote Brexit to give billions to the NHS!2018: no see, you misheard, we actually said "give the NHS to billionaires" 
2016: vote Brexit to give billions to the NHS!2018: let that country 15 places below us on the UN world health rankings buy the NHS  
#Labour supporting well off and voting with Tories! Who would have thought it?Wait a minute, they voted with Tories on #brexit!Glad to be #libdems 
Having worked throughout Europe i have to say that to deprive (or at least make it difficult) for our younger generation to live, study and work in Europe is one of the most despicable results of #Brexit.  #FinalSay 
Dear all UK MPs. It is clear that none of you have been for top level talks at the WTO to learn EXACTLY what damage Brexit will cause the UK You are therefore unfit to serve your consitituents who rely on you to INFORM YOURSELVES OF THE FACTS, & in breach of the Ministerial Code 
150 days until #Brexit.What have Remoaners managed to achieve, other than causing uncertainty for 2 yrs?They have damaged our nation, our economy & our status across the world.It will be hard to forgive, or forget.Perhaps if they'd finally shut up, we could begin the process? 
"We had a referendum in which the people gave the British Prime Minister an instruction to go off and negotiate. It is entirely acceptable once you have that negotiation come to an end and you have a deal to ask the British people if they like it."  
BBC News - MP Craig Mackinlay's expenses document 'forged', handwriting expert says   - & there he sits - in the HoC - voting on #brexit & our futures. 
We’re in Parliament giving evidence to @CommonsCMS about live music & the talent pipeline! MU Assistant General Secretary Naomi Pohl will be talking about music education, Brexit, funding & access. Watch live from 10.30am >  #BehindEveryMusician 
“Taxpayers Handed Brexit Bonus”  
Brexit is only "headache number 25" for the German car industry, says former German ambassador to the UK, Thomas Matussek. "The integrity of the internal market is much more important than a special deal for Britain" #r4today 
In 2017, Britain exported more than £109.9bn in services to Europe, yet the government's Brexit plan risks locking it out of key opportunities. Simply put, their plan is the worst of all worlds. That's why the people must have the #finalsay on the deal. 
The EU's intransigent behaviour throughout the Brexit talks is a sharp reminder of why we wanted to get out of it in the first place.  
Hard #Brexit  
Looks like a Remainers’ Brexit, judging by this:  
Ireland, the EU and the British government are being held to ransom by the DUP, the Brexit-loving party whose slogan is: "No". No to women's rights, no to LGBT rights, no to language rights, no to human rights and, of course, no a unified Ireland 
1/ "The UK’s post-Brexit residency plan for almost 4m EU nationals living in the country fails to offer hundreds of thousands of people the certainty that they will be allowed to remain in Britain," @JCWI_UK is claiming in a legal challenge. 
If the government had both Remain and Leave plans properly prepared in equal measures prior to the EU Referendum, our businesses and economy would be in an even better shape. Remain has a mentality that’s vengeful, petulant, churlish and tantrum prone.  
Just interviewed Max Hastings about his massive new Vietnam book. That is one dude who hates Brexit. 
Interesting to hear people who insisted that Brexit would be brilliant now 'blaming' it on Angela Merkel.If she was somehow responsible for it, surely Brexiters should be thanking her? 
Hidden in #budgetday2018 - according to OBR - economy 2.2% smaller now as a result of #Brexit 
May I suggest a change of language may be helpful.Could we lobby for a *Meaningful Brexit* -defined as one that puts sovereignty and democracy above frictionless trade?Really it is the same as 'Leave means Leave' We will not have had a Meaningful Brexit unless we are sovereign  
Just 9% of Brits support celeb involvement in politics. Shows you what a bubble the second referendum mob live in that they’ve made luvvies central plank of their campaign.  
DAVID LAMMY: "We had a referendum in which the people gave the British PM an instruction to go off and negotiate. It is entirely acceptable once you have that negotiation come to an end and you have a deal to ask the British people if they like the deal." 
Fraser Nelson said in a discussion about the budget on @BBCr4today that Brexit is going better than Remainers expected, Nick Robinson did say that's debatable but it was 8.59 so time was up. What on earth does the editor of The Spectator think is going well about Brexit? 
These are truly dire future growth figures.When you see the Brexit media reporting on a Brexit bonus, remember that leaving the EU is leaving us all poorer.Hammond is fiddling while Brexit burns Britain. #StopBrexit. 
Post Brexit censorship. Government could trigger the Civil Contingencies Act claiming a need to avoid civil unrest and protect essential services. Social networks could be suspended and the BBC and other news outlets could be required not to discuss or report on certain topics. 
An excellent piece on the challenge of fitting the circle that is @borderirish into the square that is #Brexit. The Irish Government were far quicker at realising this than their British counterparts  via @FT 
Listen up all you lovely  people.Would you please follow Brexit Tory on her new accountWhich is BrexitTory2.0Please follow as this is a top Brexiteer tweeter. 
Ciaran Donovan @donnyc1975 & BBC inside out south east show that frictionless trade is not so frictionless after all.If the UK Govt. wants truly frictionless trade after #Brexit then there's a long way to go. Full report -->  #peoplesvote #FBPE 
We will flip the Brexit 50p instead of having a second referendum. The coin flip will only be advisory, but also the unchangeable will of the people. 
Brit Nats in the general public, I can deal with. Even folk like Kev graph man, few people pay attention to. But I can't handle Brit Nat politicians who intentionally lie to the public, in order to keep Scotland shackled to a Brexit Britain. 
They said Brexit meant more money for the NHS. It actually means less.In 2016, nobody voted for our NHS to be put at risk from Brexit. It's time for a #PeoplesVote to protect our precious heath service. Please RT this video with friends & family: 
£4.2 billion earmarked in the Budget just to prepare for Brexit? What a colossal waste of money. 
Post-Brexit, @J_amesp and @mrjamesob will either have every journalism gig going, or be in re-education camps 
Post-Brexit farm payment changes could ‘devastate’ the Welsh language  
After last week's news that countries have raised objections to the UK's post-Brexit agriculture quotas at the WTO, let us look at what Liam Fox told the Trade Select Committee in July "negotiations are going quite well..."  
With the election of Bolsonaro in Brazil we can see yet again the US alt right in action. They are the acid in the blood of humanity right now. Same people behind #brexit. So any #Leavers that still don't believe that, Bolsonaro is another example. The UK has a chance to stop it. 
I'm a little uncomfortable with the NI border being described as "having become" the big Brexit bottleneck. The minute EEA+ was ruled out, some of us definitely set off some alarms; the fact that those were ignored doesn't make this an unforeseeable development.  
Bored of the Budget? Take 3 minutes to read me being unkind to David Cameron for misjudging Angela Merkel, and accidentally giving us Brexit.   
2015: Corbyn is principled, honest, straight forward. He won't collaborate with the Tories & we'll have a real socialist PM2018. Of course he has to accept Brexit, Tory tax cuts & benefits slashing if he's ever going to be a real socialist PM 
With a referendum on independence indefinitely postponed,  separatists on Clydeside have to get by with  heating up old divisions and inventing a few new ones.  
£4.2bn.  Just to prepare for Brexit.  That leaves aside the economic impact of it.  What else could we have done with £4.2bn?  Answers on a postcard to...  
Whilst @LiamFox’s Trade Strategy seems to have disappeared without a trace, we can assure you there’s nothing friendly about this ghost. The scariest thing this Halloween? The Brexit Elite’s plans for your rights. #PeoplesVote#ScaryBrexit#FFS 
Hammond may try to put ££ into the NHS — but this is small compared to the damage Brexit is doing.  
Don’t remember the run-down of the UK motor industry being promoted as a feature of the sunlit uplands of Brexit during the referendum. Time for a re-think…?  
Austerity is ending, Britain’s chancellor of the Exchequer said. But he also warned Brexit hard-liners that his plans could change if there was a disorderly exit from the E.U.  
It's a cunning plan all right...a cunning plan to blame the French for the inevitable chaos a hard Brexit will cause when we should be grateful the French are trying to clear up our mess. 
Great that Aussies, new Zelanders and Canadians along with my american friends and the Japanese will now be fast tracked entry into the U.K.- brexit bonanza! 
shit design and copywriting is extremely brexit  
Whatever side of the Brexit fence you're on, the Sun should be ashamed of itself with this story that is misleading and factually wrong. The French are NOT threatening to "trigger chaos at ports if talks collapse". Quite the opposite.  
Why is Brexit not a 100% certain Steve?Is it because wish washy Liberals like you work against the Democratic wishes of 17.4m people.There will be no second vote because  it would cause a great deal of social unrest and those that caused theunrest would be held accountable.  
ThereisnosuchthingasaBrexitBonus The U.K. economy (and all of us in it) is already losing over £500 million pounds a week because of Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
The rise of aggressive right-wing populism is not an EU phenomenon (as Gove tried to claim during the referendum) - it is a global phenomenon. And it’s networking globally.We need to recognise the global fight - and we must step up our game. 
At the start of 2016, EU membership was SIXTH on the list of voters’ priorities. Yet more evidence that this unnecessary referendum was held purely to “solve” internal Tory party politics 
Many brexit backing politicians promised us the easiest deal history? Many people backing leave still believe this.Well this is reality. 10 years without comprehensive trade deals will harm both businesses and consumers.We need a #PeoplesVote 
Chancellor Hammond on #r4today debating his meagre giveaways and non-progressive tax cuts.The elephant in the room is the £40 billion extra borrowing each year until 2033 for May's preferred Brexit option. No government has been this reckless with the economy.  
‘The trend rate of growth is lower and that’s a problem for us’Quite right Mr Hammond - so don’t Brexit 
Hope the Brexit 50p is weighted so it’s 48% heads, 52% tails. 
BBC currently keen to help frame our thinking.  The Resolution Foundation is "a left leaning group". The "People's Vote" is the "so-called People's Vote" and the Budget on Monday was "the last Budget before Brexit". 
Friends: the thread of connections between the rise of the right, hate crime, Trump, and Brexit, exists. Stopping Brexit is one very important front in a multi-front struggle. 
#brexit #PeoplesVote Get writing to your MP! 
Remain MPs who visit the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier to suggest the referendum result can be overturned have been undermining the UK's negotiating hand. No wonder the deal now on offer is so bad!  
What do Trump, Brexit voters and Jair Bolsonaro have in common? All have been branded fascists by the chattering classes. There is an ugly elitism in this overuse of the word fascist — it is always about demonising ordinary people, says Brendan O’Neill 
“Brexit will allow a more generous budget” says man who advised investors to avoid the UK because of Brexit.  
NEW POLL 4: Here's the bad news for Hammond. 52% do not buy his argument on Brexit no deal. 1/3 voters don't believe it will lead to less money for public. 1/5 think even if it does lead to less money it's a price worth paying. Which together is > the 48% who think it is not 
I suppose it’s in keeping with FT’S stance on Brexit, but the distinguished economist & columnist Martin Wolf is eye-wateringly negative about the UK’s outlook. He chose not to mention it but UK forecasted GDP is currently higher than Italy, France & probably Germany by year end! 
Short take on the budget: the Tories are still Tories.Tax cuts for the rich, public services cuts for the rest of us. And no plan for Brexit. We need a #People’s Vote and a Labour government. 
The Chancellor had a windfall and spent nearly all of it rather than pay off National Debt. That was a surprise. But make no mistake, large areas of public spending face further reductions. And when the Brexit bombshell explodes expect even more cuts and higher taxes. #Budget2018 
Things you never hear the Taxpayers Alliance complaining about:● the billions being frittered away on Brexit● the excessive billions splurged on military expenditure and unnecessary conflicts ● the billions lost to tax avoidance and tax havens@LowTaxChloe 
Impact of #Brexit on demographics:Age:0-18 - Royally fucked.18-34 - Definitely fucked.35-49 - Fucked.50 -65 - A bit fucked.66-90 - Probably just about OK.Dead - No impact.Sex:Male - FuckedFemale- FuckedRace:All - FuckedWealth:Poor - FuckedRich - Laughing 
Well worth reading: How the Irish border became Brexit’s defining issue  via @financialtimes 
This man from Doncaster voted leave, he thought brexit would happen quickly and it would improve his business. Now that's not the case he has changed his mind. He's another #remainernow Respect to him for reassessing. Local MP @CarolineFlintMP should listen to his voice. 
New Brexit 50p coin.  
Great to see doctors from across the house of commons taking this stand.Let's have #InformedConsent on #brexit via a #PeoplesVote Many leave voters are #RemainerNow and think their old consent is no longer valid.#StopBrexit #FinalSay 
UK’s cunning no deal #Brexit plan is to send goods and parts to totally different ports - at what cost to business and consumers? - by renting ferries. Which will only be able to handle quarter of needed capacity. And it seems Brexiters think this is a great idea.  
The Spanish Supreme Court Violates Fundamental Rights of the Catalan Leaders who will Be Tried over Last Year’s Independence Referendum  
VIDEO: Gibraltar has long been a lifeline for people who live in the adjacent area of Spain, but when Brexit comes, it could mean tighter controls at what would be a new border between Britain and the EU  
May: "Brexit can't be delivered. The police can't cope. Universal Credit is a catastrophe. Homelessness is off the scale. Councils are going bust. There's a mental health crisis. What can we do?"Hammond: "Tax cuts for the rich"Gibb: "I'll get antisemitism back in the news"  
‘The biggest pothole that’s bad for business is Brexit’  
‘Brexit distraction budget’ - spot on  
As Britain buys far more from the EU than the EU buys from Britain. Lets have a No-Deal Brexit and let Brussels come to UK and ask for a Deal.  
Diane Abbott (@HackneyAbbott) warns of the threat to people's safety and security from a no-deal #Brexit (or indeed any bad-deal Brexit):  
Not only was the referendum an attempt to resolve tensions within the Tory Party (it failed), yesterday, Philip Hammond delivered a budget that was another attempt at easing tensions within the Tory Party. When will they realise that they govern for the public, not themselves? 
There's going to be a special 50p coin to mark Brexit - and it's being brutally mocked  
Remainers are maj of UKRemainers are maj of MPsHow then is the Gov able to force Brexit on us against our will?What punishment should the perpetrators and enablers receive?You can't use the discredited Ref as a just following orders mantraMPs you own national disaster 
Alberta's problem isn't equalization. AB doesn't make transfer payments. AB's problem is inadequate fiscal revenues in the face of a downturn in non-renewable resource royalties. Given lowest provincial taxes, the fix is obvious and it isn't a referendum. #cdnpoli #abpoli 
We are staring down the barrel of a no deal Brexit, with stockpiling of food and medicines, transport links to the rest of the world reduced and no prospect of trade deals with... well anyone. The list of things we will lose climbs daily and the people still eat the lies. 
Theresa May has a problem: Half of Britain still doesn’t believe her government on Brexit  
Nothing for the poorest, pay rise for the Queen, austerity continuing and Brexit divorce bill could be up to £47bn - some uncomfortable truths behind the phoney feelgood headlines  
I'm fucking sick of hearing #bbcnews refer to #budget2018 as the last one before #Brexit, nothing is agreed yet on leaving the EU, there is no deal yet, but the @BBC seem to be getting pleasure in saying last budget, their bias is sickening, #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #bbcbias 
Philip Hammond declared “austerity is coming to an end” and yet preparations are being made for no-deal Brexit.It just doesn´t add up.Time for a #PeoplesVote.(Andy Davey on the budget) 
Initially Brexit will not heal the country. But it does expose the divisions and the systemic ineptitude of UK government. That much is at least progress. Business as usual would just let it fester.  
REFERENDUM D ONLY OPTIOND problem of nigeria can only stop;#Nt wit coalition#Nt wit imbecilic so called Eastern political elites#Nt wit Islamization project2unify d contraptionSOLUTION REMAINS REFERENDUM of not just #Biafrans but all Indigenous Person in nig@Amaka_Ekwo 
2nd time in 6 months and I have been told to f*ck off back to my own country.. Thank you #brexit.. I've spoken to my wife.. We're packing our bags.. .. F*ck everyone.. 
All the hot air now is about a "deal dividend", not a "Brexit dividend" - an admission after all the lies that any deal is better than no deal.Having led us to the precipice, they want us to be grateful for not dragging us into the abyss.We see through you, Mr Hammond. 
New study shows that Remain voters understand realities of migration much better than Leave voters, who don’t know that migrants support our health service and make a huge economic contribution.The country chose Brexit because people believed #BrexitLies  
Now the Budget is finished, it's time to shift the focus BACK to Brexit and the DANGER that Theresa May will behind CLOSED doors offer the EU yet more concessions, AGAIN without consulting CabinetTM still publicly REFUSES to #ChuckChequers or embrace the #SuperCanada option 
Brexit Realities - Damning report from the OBR - “The fall in the pound has squeezed real household incomes and consumption, the economy is 2 to 2½ per cent smaller as a result of the Leave vote." 
The sunny uplands of the fantasy Brexit as celebrated by Hammond’s budget is a last ditch propaganda tool to lull the electorate into complacency over the severe dangers of Brexit. 
Having your entire career ruined because your PM decides to strip you & 65mn other Brits of the right of #FreedomOfMovement based on a flawed #Tory reading of what voters meant in a narrowly won, corrupted #EURef is incredibly frustrating.That's why I'm resisting #Brexit#WATON 
It's nothing more than a whitewash job to cover up the real mess the economy is in you will never get "Truth" from Tories they have been lying and cheating us for decades. Their Wealth is Stashed in offshore tax haven bank accounts  and that is what "Brexit" is all about.  
Bullshit. Not only would it *not* be spend on that, not going ahead with #Brexit means not addressing the systemic political malfunctions that brought us here to begin with - and business as usual definitely won't heal the county.  
BBC News - Brexit: Will goods still move freely through Dover?  
As expected the usual right wing tabloids bigging up Hammond's budget, claiming an end to austerity, a Brexit dividend, etc.How many will fall for it? Sadly too many.  
Brexit is the political enema we've been waiting for. We have a national crisis of competence in government and the problems are too deep set to resolve without a radical political reboot. It's more important than a Sunderland car factory. #Brexit  
Having your journey to life ruined by Brexit and poorly maintained government is incredibly frustrating. This isn’t just a bad way to live, it’s bad for business. Thankfully a people’s vote can put an end to it  
Yesterday’s big news - Merkel’s departure - heralds instability at the heart of the EU. It makes Brexit not just unwise but really dangerous, for us and for Europe 
Intellectual deliberations on the issue of Referendum with Hon @MarthaKarua Glad to be part of this. On my part I ardently say NO to a plebiscite. 
'There was an idea not so long ago, even among many Irish, that it was time to move on. We were all going to be European together forever, after all, and we ought to at least try to smooth over our differences.' 
It makes perfect sense: reward those who vote for you and punish those who dont. #brexit is shrinking the state and the money saved is ending up in the pockets of the already wealthy.  
Furthermore:An equalization referendum carries no weight outside of Alberta. It is negotiated by all 13 provinces and territories with the Federal Government.  That is what it is.The Federal Government literally has the constitutional right to tax ANYTHING.#ableg #cdnpoli 
.@Varneyco: People don't like the rule of distant elites, and they don't like open borders either. The left is ignoring the populist trend. Big mistake. Brexit, Trump, Italy, Brazil, the people have spoken. Seems like they're beginning to shout.  
Recall the “Outrage”at the “Stream of Migrants” leaflet in the Referendum Campaign!Recall Farage warning Merkel and the EU of Uncontrolled Migration!Look at the so called “European Powerhouse Today!”Country Split!You just didn’t listen Angela, career over! 
Republicans="Blacks need to #Brexit from the democratic plantation because the liberals have done nothing for Blacks a& they are the party of slavery"Black Ppl= "So what are you Republicans going to do that will specifically help Black ppl?"Republicans=  
Mexican referendum cancels partly built $13 billion airport project  
“The lights are going out all across the world” Chilling echoes of WW1 & WW2. Ever wondered what it was like to live in 1920s Germany and how the Nazis came to power? Well now you know. We are not just fighting Brexit. We are fighting fascism. Do not standby and let it happen.  
Britain's chancellor is splashing out, thanks to rosy forecasts. But a no-deal Brexit still threatens the economy  
Most midterms are a referendum on the President. Study what happened to Clinton in '94 and Obama in '10. Voters repudiated both Presidents w/historic Hse pickups, flipping control of the Hse. Unknown if Trump voters show up to vote when he's not on the ballot. 
Truly stunning that with so much evidence of Russian interference in the Brexit referendum, the UK government’s reaction is (1) to firmly embrace Brexit as though they had all campaigned for it; (2) to dismiss calls for an investigation; (3) to resist talk of a 2nd referendum.  
Brexit: engage panic mode -  it's 20 years since Tony Blair came into office with the slogan "things can only get better". Now, it's probably true to say that things can only get worse. This is the time to panic - you know it makes sense...  #Brexinfo. 
There is no ‘Brexit bonus’. . no ‘Brexit dividend’There has already been a hit of £26 billion less a year in national income due to Brexit.Big Lies are the tool of an autocratic or fascist government that must deceive and manipulate to keep the people acquiescent, ignorant.  
There is no Brexit dividend. Only lost taxes. The Telegraph isn't a real newspaper either. I know. I used to be one of your readers. 
.@BarryGrodenchik is wrong. The ballot proposal isn't a referendum on the character or service of current CB members. It is a chance to improve CBs by gradually opening up some seats to new people, who also bring a wealth of expertise & experience. #FlipYourBallot & Vote #YesOn3! 
No, @BBCNews. Repeatedly referring to this as “the last budget before Brexit” sums up what is wrong with your reporting.Brexit is not a done deal. It’s not a certainty. It’s just a policy.The majority of the country now want to #Remain. Report on that. 
And it's nothing to do with Brexit...  
Do you believe the upcoming #Midterms2018 are a Referendum on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, his policies and administration??Please vote and retweet to spread poll for a wider sampling from both sides thanks! #Resist #MAGA #VoteBlue #VoteRed #MondayMotivation #midterms #VoteThemOut 
Farage reveals how HE would handle Brexit talks with EU – 'We can be GROWN UP about this'  
Only fascists attack political correctness. It seems now that the BBC thinks it must ensure balance with fascist opinion. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Across the province, British Columbians are telling us that they don't feel they have enough information to make an educated decision in the upcoming #ProRep referendum. Apparently, David Eby agrees. You can help us fight back here:  #bcpoli #noproprep 
New Zealand voters chose #ProRep in a referendum 26 years ago. The sky didn't fall. The economy didn't collapse. And Nazis didn't sweep to power.  #bcpoli #BCref 
I.According to the information from the EU mission in Skopje @AmbassadorEU received a list of staff who didn't vote [60%]  in the referendum for which he gave them a verbal reprimand. Some of the staff reported him in the member states as an example of unprofessional behavior. 
Today in 1922 Mussolini was appointed PM of Italy . People forget he started as PM of a minority coalition government. In the next elections the Fascists won a huge majority and only then confirmed the Duce as dictator in a national referendum.   
Dear @theresa_may AND @jeremycorbyn,According to official govt figures,the UK is losing £500m per WEEK due to #brexit.1. How long can we sustain these losses?2. Are these losses likely to go UP or DOWN after #brexit?3. #PeoplesVote?#AskingForAFriend and 65m other people pic.twitter.com/71l3AH5H7s 
Home girl was wearing the Brexit thriller edition jacket 
Labour support of Brexit is a death knell for the NHS. 
People will feel completely let down by a Tory #Brexit facilitated by @UKLabour.Still 'these things happen' 
Peace, Prosperity, and Friendship. The very essence of the EU. To invoke these fundamental EU values as you leave the EU is, to put it charitably, Orwellian. Brexit destroys prosperity, spurns friendship, and threatens peace.  
What Brexit Bonus? The OBR and every other financial study proves we are poorer now than we would have been without Brexit. Plus every conceivable Brexit deal will leave us poorer. Shocking lies from the Telegraph.  
When deciding how to vote in the #PR4BC referendum, consider something:When you talk to people from the #VoteProRep side or the #NoBCProRep side, which of them encourages you to learn about how the systems work, which of them tells you it's too complicated to bother? 
.@smartass425 .@brianstelter Don't apologize. Trump INDOCTRINATED more people with bigotry, racism, and hatred than ISIS has recruited Jihadi's. His reach is global. Brexit, Nazisism, Brazil, hard right movement all due to Tump's relentless lies, attacks, evil words and deeds. 
Brexit is a menace to society in Northern Ireland. Here’s why | Roy Greenslade “In the 2016 EU referendum 56% of Northern Ireland’s voters favoured staying in the EU. Is it democratic to threaten that majority’s human rights?” 
The problem for @BBCNews is that starting to tell the truth about brexit at this late stage inevitably raises the question, "WTAF have you been doing up to now?" 
Jake keep your panels going.  November is coming and you and your "panels" are definitely helping the #walkaway and #brexit movements. 
Dear UK MPs, you are almost all apparently so wrapped up in your own careers & trivia that you are failing to realise that Brexit,Trump & the Far right are going to cause a major war. Can I suggest you re-read your history books as you seem to have forgotten how WW2 happened....? 
For Express readers like Roger, Brexit really is all about that forward thinking, positive vision of the future....  
Hey LeaversYou know we can still do the blue passports AND a new 50p even if we cancel Brexit?Plus you won’t lose your job and have to eat spam in a motorway park for 10 years Sound good? 
Tories up six points as only 1 in 4 still want to stop Brexit  
Holiday delayed or cancelled due to Brexit.  Sorry but your insurance won’t pay out.  Thankfully you won’t mind losing thousands of pounds.  Apparently you knew what you were voting for.  
Having flipped to an autumn budget the U.K. chancellor may have to flop back to another spring budget because of their Brexit bungling. A single market/ customs union deal as proposed by @theSNP would enhance growth and therefore the resources available. 
Spain is preparing special police deployment for #Catalonia during referendum trial next year  
Let us not forget that #FBPE was set up by @AuroraBlogspot , Hendrik Klassens, not only to fight #Brexit. The original cause was to fight the rise of the far right and extremism in Europe in general. Please RT to thank Hendrik for starting the biggest pro-European movement ever  
Funny how the Leavers think only their supporters would be angry if we left EU. Nothing like the anger when people find leaving the EU has made their life worse. They’ll blame the Government not their vote in referendum. Time for leaders to lead and campaign for a vote to stay. 
Preparations for No Deal Brexit - if we can call them preparations - are now beyond mad. 
Apparently faster growth "is nothing to do with BrExit". If growth had been slower it would have been blamed on BrExit. When the £ fell it was blamed on BrExit. When a lower £ led to faster growth it's a mystery that nobody can explain. #Newsnight 
Closing remarks: “We need to recognise that the impact of BREXIT on rural Wales could cause immense damage which is why I would fight for a peoples vote and campaign to stay in the EU. So many things around us are changing.... 
I know Brexit is riveting, but 7 million people die every year simply through breathing in dirty air, and billions more are harmed. 90% of children breathe air that falls below pollution safety standards. Dirty air now kills more people than smoking  
£100bn spending boost to 'end austerity'?Forgive my ignorance - but why don't we just 'end Brexit' and save Britain?  
There is no ‘Brexit bonus’. There is no ‘Brexit dividend’. There has already been a hit of £26 billion less a year in national income due to Brexit.  
Tuesday's Telegraph: "Taxpayers handed Brexit bonus"  #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @BBCHelenaLee) 
When the news is constantly awful (Brazil, Brexit, climate, whatever the one with weird hair has done most recently), one has to seek out the glimmers of hope and positivity: 
Respect to @IanBlackfordMP for being the adult in the room today. The budget was absolutely dismal, and we have not even started with Brexit. @PhilipHammondUK and @hmtreasury may turn their back on @theSNP MPs but they won’t turn their back on Scotland’s takings #budget2018 
The BBC cue at 10 ‘the last budget before Brexit’..but Brexit is not 100 per cent certain. The cue accepts government framing of Brexit as cues accepted Osborne framing of “the deficit “ until deficit ceased to be Tory priority. It’s not deliberate bias-more a fearful insecurity. 
The front page of tomorrow’s Daily Telegraph: ‘Taxpayers handed Brexit bonus’  #tomorrowspaperstoday 
A £2.50 a week allowance? Unfortunately every family is already £1000 a year worse off thanks to your Brexit catastrophe. #LowIQChloe 
Another project Brexit Britain will be locked out of #BrexitMeansBackwards 
COMMENT OF THE DAY: This is the top rated comment about the Brexit 50p. I don’t think there’s been a more accidental self-own than this…  
Day of the Brexiters a #Brexit  ZOMBIE movie  
Could the BBC stop referring to “the last Budget before Brexit”? Brexit is not a done deal - not least because there is no deal 
The fact that Hammond and Corbyn can self-congratulate themselves for ending austerity or seeking to end austerity while supporting a catastrophic Brexit of any kind makes me feel sick to the core. 
Austerity is hurting people. Now!Happening whilst being IN the EU.Stopping Brexit won’t change it. Not surprised people are more concerned with austerity & I’m appalled at those using the poor for their own agenda.We need a GE, not a 2nd referendum, & a @UKLabour Gvnt. 
We don’t know who just spent £250k on pro-#Brexit #Facebook ads – that should worry us all 
Brexit Bonus - American health care. Spoiler: don’t get sick.     Let American firms run hospitals, urges free trade group | News | The Times  
Dear Leavers,Who voted to properly fund the NHS. Who also listened to Daniel Hannan advocating to Leave. See him below. His plan has always been to sell the NHS to the USA.That is why he wanted Brexit.Did You?If Not, how do we all stop him now?  
Nice to receive some recognition & support.Real boost would be a clean Brexit to repatriate a £6-8bn industry which means #ChuckChequers & Transtion not re-obeying CFP post-Brexit. Then we'll be free to use £12m to help implement world leading management to thrive sustainably  
I've just asked my MP to #WriteThisWrong and support a #PeoplesVote on Brexit - can you ask yours to do the same?  
Has anyone else noticed that there's loads on TV about Nazis, recently?It's surreal. With Bolsonaro in Brasil; Orban in Hungary; Trump in the US; Putin in Russian; the Jewish murdered in a synagogue; & Brexit in the UK: don't you think we have enough r-w warnings to deal with? 
As the Irish government is focused on Brexit ,the biggest threat to our economy is developing quickly in Brussels. Any relinquishment of our tax sovereignty will have a devastating effect on the Irish economy.   #Irexit 
Don’t hold your breath @RealCandaceO ....the Clown News Network is a little light on brain matter ...#BREXIT  
Can’t speak for anyone else but MY incessant Brexit ranting isn’t about convincing Leavers to switch; it’s about reminding Remainers that they’re not alone, that they’re in the right and that the fight is worth fighting.  
The social & economic damage the Tories have wrought the UK, Brexit notwithstanding, will take at least a generation to repair... how low will they bring us before the media calls them on it? 
Thanks Tom. Unlike shadowy billionaire Robert Mercer, who subverted our democracy with Breitbart, Citizens United & backed Cambridge Analytica interference with the Brexit referendum and our 2016 U.S. election, Tom Steyer is a patriot that stands for & states his views publicly. 
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal #Brexit  
BBC just loving the new 50 pence coin, pathetic. Just focus on the Russian money which helped to bankroll Brexit. That’s real journalism not the pathetic apology for a news service you are today. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Fascism is on the rise and #Brexit is helping it. Fight fascism and the kleptocratic billionaires funding it. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Democracy requires voters to be told the truth.Cancel it, or at least have fair, informed vote The blatant lack of democracy if we leave only based on 2016 vote the division in Uk will continue for decadesAlmost as destructive as Brexit itself  
From Brexit to Climate Change, and Mental Health to Universal Credit. Read our #Budget2018 summary here > 
I am glad to see that MPs are finally recognizing the threat of the alt right, the same people that are behind the rise of the Right across Europe, US and Africa, and the people behind #brexit.  Also remember that this one includes @Jacob_Rees_Mogg who has met with Steve Bannon 
It is amazing that @GOVUK has the time to design a Brexit 50p piece given they still haven’t got round to publishing information as promised on citizens rights in the event of no deal  
"Hannah from North Norwich says she'll stick Brexit 50ps to her nipples and go mad on Lowestoft high street..."  
EU is proving to Britain why Brexit was the right choice | South China Morning Post  
Who will join me in refusing to accept the Brexit 50p coin announced in #Budget2018?It is an insult to the millions who reject Brexit to have a daily reminder of such a catastrophic act.#StopBrexit @peoplesvote_uk @W_A_T_O_N @OFOCBrexit @SODEMAction @Labour4EU @16MillionRising 
#Brexit has handed other nations the power to economically DESTROY the UK.All they have to do... is nothing.#TheClockIsTicking 
No one will feel let down apart from..Teachers buying uniform and books for kids.Homeless people trying to survive.Kids going to school undernourished.4m using Foodbanks.UC people eating out of bins..Thank God for Labour because Liberals are trolling JC over Brexit !! 
Wouldn't it be ironic if the brexit 50p was worth 48p? 
Dear UK MPs, you are almost all apparently so wrapped up in your own  careers & trivia that you are failing to realise that Brexit,Trump  & the Far right are going to cause a major war. Can I suggest you  re-read your history books as you seem to have forgotten how WW2  happened 
John McDonnell spouting crap on TV again inferring that somehow Labour have the magical ability to negotiate a 'good' brexit.A Labour unicorn is still an imaginary beast.How about some honest politics for a change? #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
“Brexit is just like a box of chocolates. You never know which flavour you’re gonna get.” (With thanks to Forrest Gump and his brother Boris Gump)  
So the Tories plan is to run the NHS down to weaken it, then flog it to the USA on the cheap, having also trashed Sterling.  We ABSOLUTELY need to stop these crooks , and stop "brexit" - and RIGHT NOW 
Good points raised by my Canadian friends, including the prevalence of Postmedia. Many years of Fox here and Murdoch tabloids fueling Brexit in UK offer a cautionary tale  
Interesting, this - and the numbers come not from an anti-Brexit grouping #immigration #brexit  
Passport Gates to Go Global: CANZUK, US and Japanese citizens to use e-gates after Brexit  
How does the budget attempt to deal with the burning injustices that led to the Brexit vote?It doesn't. All of those injustices are home grown and Brexit makes them worse.#PeoplesVote 
There would have been no majority for a soft #Brexit or a hard #Brexit or a Customs Union Brexit or a Canada++ Brexit or a no-deal Brexit. There was and is no majority for any real implementable Brexit.Brexit is wholly and absolutely undemocratic.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
After going to parliament on Wednesday and receiving advice from @BenPBradshaw & @SDoughtyMP, #remainernow @AndrewHardie3 now has an appointment in 2 weeks to see his MP at his surgery to ask him to explain how brexit will benefit the British people?That MP, @LiamFox. 
Murdoch media has dominated in US, UK and Australia which led to divisive politics, Trump, Brexit and a revolving door of Aussie PMs. Murdoch media absent in Canada where Justin Trudeau is PM and politics is not a divisive game. Not a coincidence. 
Wall of silence by @Conservatives @UKLabour @DefenceHQ @johnnyMercerUK @garystreeterSWD @BrugesGroup   over EU military unification. They daren't speak about it because it reveals extent to which our military has been sold to EU during Brexit smokescreen  
CNN claims Trump is not liked in foreign countries. Yet, many countries are taking after him. Brazil is the latest. Hesse, in Germany may cause Merkels resignation. Italy. Poland. Hungry. Czech republic.  Crimea. Ukraine. Belgium trying. Brexit! France is having second thoughts. 
Isn't it funny? Leavers don't give a toss about Northern Ireland, Scotland or Wales....but the referendum has made me as a remainer, feel closer to them than ever before 
Today Philip Hammond set out the UK’s budget. It’s a budget that failed to change course on the economy, failed to reverse the deeply damaging cuts to social security and failed to rule out a job-destroying no deal Brexit.  Here’s the SNP response.  
Government unveils special 50 pence coin to commemorate the UK losing all its opt-outs when it rejoins the EU after #brexit.  
“The White Paper that never was” - David Davis reveals that DExEU actually drafted a free trade agreement between U.K. and EU in June 2018! Says #TheresaMay crushed the idea #Brexit #specbrexit 
Today Philip Hammond spend £103 billion over 5 years, in an extraordinarily wide ranging budget designed to- bind cabinet and Tory MP rebels on side- Give incentives to for colleagues to back May's brexit deal- fix problems on UC & elsewhere-  Keep DUP on boardWill it work? 
Awful turn of language and attack on a colleague for the sole reason they are pro-European.Remember, it's not so long ago you voted against your own Party on Brexit and helped to prop up Theresa May in No. 10.Meanwhile, we are all poorer and heading towards the abyss.  
Both Remain and Leave campaigned on a 'no-deal' WTO prospectus and that's exactly what should be implemented.#Brexit 
The UK is now desperately trying to get an agreement to replace the agreement it already which provides for smooth air and other travel between the UK and the rest of Europe. But that existing agreement is torn up by Brexit. But, hey, says Grayling, it is all the EU's fault.  
The Brexit 50p to depict Ed Miliband telling us how much we fucked up. pic.twitter.com/lBg3bjgRLt 
One good reason the Chancellor hasnt spent all his fiscal headroom with nothing to do with Brexit = the current (ludicrous) accounting treatment of student loans flatters the deficit by £14bn in 2020-21 - exactly equal to the headroom in that year vs Chancellor's fiscal rule  
Over 80,000 applications for Irish passports in 2017 from #Brexit Britain, first half numbers for 2018 showing this could rise to over 90,000  
Pls spend extra time in Support of Freedom of #Biafrans facing torture, Killing on daily basis by oppressive govt for requesting Referendum to determine their future in a country that they’re not happy with, #StopBiafraKillings @realDonaldTrump @netanyahu 
In other Brexit news ...  
Difficult to control a population if they can come and go as they please. And your current gov is all about control.  (just as mine is -and  we're about to go full brexit : we all lose freedom of movement in europe and no need for walls cause we're surrounded by water). 
So we get:Blue passportsBrexit FestivalA new 50p coinYeah, f**k the EU, who needs Jobs, freedom of movement, the NHS, clean food, human rights & peace in N.I. anyway?Scotland can do so much better!#brexit #scotref #DissolveTheUnion #indy2 #saoralba 
The #Brexit commemorative 50p is a bit crap. What would be a better memento? 
Don’t believe any of these numbers... Leading economist savages Project Fear 2.0  #Brexit 
Brexit Tory has been suspended by Twitter.Looks like the Right is under attack again. 
£1.9 BILLION lower in block grant. Plenty £ for #Brexit #Brexit50p & renewing monstrosity of Trident. Meanwhile our weans go hungry & our #WASPI Women go unheard.@theSNP Scot Gov are doing all they can to mitigate @Conservatives policies.We can do better.#YouYesYet 
Just got invited to go to Siberia on 29 March 2019. Brexit could mean I find myself stranded in a post-industrial wasteland, blighted by the actions of a self-serving government, wandering the streets in search of food.There’s also a small risk I could get stuck in Novosibirsk. 
EU's view of democracy Ousted head of defence agency because he contradicted EU's disinformation EU's attitude to Brexit was to make Britain an example & punish usThis lady tells Merkel exactly what we all think  
"Initiatives like this coin launch are designed to try and give the false impression that Brexit is a foregone conclusion."  
At 22 I got involved in the EU referendum, I could be almost 30 by the time the Remain-backing establishment have finished dragging me through courts in an attempt to bankrupt me for campaigning for a result they cannot accept.Think this unjust? Me too:  
While Majority Want Britain to Leave EU, Just Five Percent of Brits Say PM May Handling Brexit ‘Very Well’   
The BBC should have been our immovable anchor through the storm of Brexit. Instead it has helped lure the country onto the rocks while trying to persuade us they were safe harbour. I'm not sure how that will ever be forgiven. 
Moldova's stand against Britain's entry into the GPA shows the unexpected demands involved in the Brexit process  
Brexit Talks: Watching a Country Make a Fool of Itself - SPIEGEL ONLINENo country in the world has cultivated arrogance the way Britain has. But the sad truth is: The former global power can't even find its way to the door without tripping over its feet.  
Bahraini dissident says #Brexit is massively helping  repression in gulf because of Britain’s desperation for gulf trade deals. Ft today. #StopBrexit 
Dominic Raab in a Commando book  tale of #Brexit daring do The flying Brexiteer  
Ofcom’s regulation of the BBC is been notable by its absence. The rules for complaints about impartiality and content at the BBC are so restrictive as to be inoperable. It has been the one voice totally silent throughout the controversy about the BBC and its coverage of Brexit. 
Lord Burns came to Ofcom with a history of support for Brexit in the House, which made it all the more important he abstained from controversy after his appointment. Far from doing so, in April he voted against the UK joining a European customs union. 
After Brexit, Trump and now Brazil I have concluded that human beings are absolutely insane. Thank you. 
A new People’s Budget for the 21st century is needed to heal our divided country. The Liberal Democrats propose a three-step Budget plan:   Stop Brexit  Fairer Taxes  Funding for Public services#Budget2018 
I see the Chancellor has announced there will be a new 50p coin to 'celebrate' #Brexit. Presumably because that is what the pound will then be worth. #Budget2018 
I'm meeting with some law school professors today about: i) implementing an equalization referendumii) fighting the Carbon Tax, and iii) challenging the status of charities that are a front for political activists. #ableg #ucp #cdnpoli #abpoli #fightback 
This “Government to underwrite ferry operations” post #Brexit and send  to & ports is so completely off.Calais - just like Zeebrügge or Hoek van Holland - would be external borders of the . Chaos would be as bad there as at Calais. 
I live near Folkestone and Dover. Dover port & Channel Tunnel two of most efficient & sophisticated cargo moving infrastructure in the world. But matched in France. No other channel ports come anywhere near, there are no substitutes for Dover/Chunnel/Calais. More Brexit madness. 
As I've said for 2+ years, so-called "no-deal Brexit" is simply propaganda speak for actually leaving the EU. Any "deal" means our Remainer government has negotiated away powers and money unnecessarily. We voted to leave the EU, not to negotiate leaving. 
Twitter are getting rid of the "like" button and in the spirit of Brexit are replacing it with economic ruin, international isolation and death. 
Brexit will be the biggest self inflicted wound on the social and economic development of this nation for a generation. But don’t worry we will get a nice blue passport, a new Brexit 50p coin & a Brexit Exhibition for a nice day out to spend the Brexit 50p at 
Yet again this made-up story about a French no-deal blockade at Calais. All the French would be doing is implementing normal checks for a 3rd country with no trade agreement. The government is whipping up hate against France. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
At last!!! @BBCNews absolutely hit the nail on the head with #Brexit! Thank-you @ChristianFraser and @KattyKayBBC 
Excellent Brexit meeting in Peterborough Patrick O'Flynn MEP speaking along with Gérard Batten UKIP leader Mike Hookem MEP and Margot Parker MEP supporting a great turnout Q&As to come later #Brexit 
Meanwhile the chaotic Tory #Brexit is already costing every worker a lot more…and  will go on doing so for years…  
An example of the still subterranean damage Brexit is doing. It's not (just) about what happens in the next few months, it's what's happening right now. 
Stu's Take: "People don't like the rule of distant elites, and they really don't like open borders either. The left is ignoring the populist trend, big mistake. #Brexit, #Trump, #Italy, #Brazil, the people have spoken. Seems like they're beginning to shout."#PoliticalShift 
Confirmation that the UK Government have wasted over £4bn on Brexit so far. This at a time when families in my constituency have to go to food banks just to feed their children. Unforgivable. #Brexit #austerity #Budget2018 
Gideon Rachman: What is happening in the UK with Brexit is a microcosm of what could happen in the rest of the world — if and when a Trump-inspired assault on international trade and global supply-chains gathers force.  
Bill Tieleman explains that under First Past the Post, voting for your favourite party might actually elect your least-favourite party.What a broken voting system! Let's replace it with Proportional Representation in the B.C. referendum.  #PR4BC #bcpoli 
Because Brexit appeals to the ignorant and the sick, the freaks and fruitcakes, the racists and political ghouls who creep around the edges. The morbid twilight kind, unlit and underground. Hobgoblins of Brexit. 
Packed room waiting for the start of the ⁦@oflynnmep⁩ Brexit SOS meeting with ⁦@GerardBattenMEP⁩ leader of ⁦@UKIP⁩ 
RT if this if you’d rather have this than the Brexit ‘commemorative’ 50p piece... #fbpe 
HMT release draft design of Brexit coin  
Britain needs our Liberal Democrat alternative and at the heart of that plan is the chance to “Exit from Brexit” through a People’s Vote. Freeing the country and future generations from the needless self-harm  
Very good to remind @DominicRaab this evening of the message from the overwhelming majority of my constituents in #Redditch, however they voted in the #EU referendum which is Just. Get. On. With. It.  
**Budget Special:Austerity and Brexit the two gifts to the nation, Tory Right Wing Vulture Disaster Capitalism as crisis!!!    
More Brexit dividend: “Netherlands prepares to be EU financial trading hub after Brexit” - Reuters  
Finance Secretary Derek Mackay has responded to @GOVUK's budget, saying that it does not deliver what Scotland needs and "does nothing to alleviate the impact Brexit will have". Read more:  
OBR's SEVERE Brexit warning: "A disorderly one could have severe short-term implications for the economy, the exchange rate, asset prices and the public finances. The scale would be very hard to predict, given the lack of precedent." 
The Chancellor paid tribute to Iain Duncan Smith, he praised him for a #UniversalCredit policy that has caused misery/debt/hardship/destruction/foodbank explosion, these bastards really don't care, remember IDS supports a hard #Brexit which will make us even poorer, #Budget2018 
At the @spectator Brexit debate. Let battle commence! 
Has anyone else noticed that Corbyn can hardly say the word Brexit. He can say austerity with no problem. You would think it would make it hard for him to be an effective Leader of the Opposition. Of course he can’t say Peoples Vote without half choking.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
When it comes to business attitude to post-Brexit Britain, companies like Bloomberg should be judged by their actions and not by their words. They obviously have confidence in the British economy - so should we.  
By the way, the accelerated increase in personal tax allowances - for zero-tax and top rate - has a smell of planning (insurance) for a possible Brexit-crisis snap election. Absolutely no reason in normal electoral cycle to do now #Budget2018  
The OBR is brutal on how Brexit has hurt the economy. #Budget2018- "The vote to Leave appears to have weakened the economy."- Economy 2 to 2 1/2% smaller than "if referendum had not been called". - UK from top to "near the bottom" of G7 growth table.  
Boris: Collecting Customs Duties for EU After Brexit ‘an Absolute Humiliation’   
Today’s budget does very little for my Rutherglen constituents: Failed to end austerity Failed to introduce a real Living Wage Failed to lift the benefits freeze Failed to halt Universal Credit Failed to support WASPI womenBut... we have a 50p Brexit coin   
This is not a picture of a particularly chipper economy (and that's the forecast assuming Brexit is smooth)  
I've worked out what to buy with the commemorative Brexit 50p coin:€0.38c 
What gets me about the 50p ‘friendship’ coin gimmick is that British coins are only spent in Britain, so it’s an entirely inward-looking, narcissistic gesture.In other words, Brexit in miniature. 
Leave scream “respect democracy” for one precise moment in time on 23/6/16 & then scream about avoiding democracy now that the majority almost certainly don’t want Brexit. Democracy is complex and it needs to be thought about hard. But it certainly didn’t stop on 23/6/16 
If she wants a deal with the EU, May will have to compromise on a deal the hardline Brexiters in her own party cannot accept. Or she risks a no-deal Brexit which the UK parliament should roundly reject. The right way forward is for a People’s Vote, with the option to Remain..... 
This is great news. The ERG can vote down May’s crappy deal & there’s nothing #remoaners can do about it.MPs do not have 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit, Commons officials say | The Independent  
The woeful performance of President @MBuhari in office will remain the referendum for the 2019 presidential election no matter the attempts to use hirelings to change national discuss. 
"The British People cannot know until afterwards what the proposition is they would be voting for" - @PhilipHammondUK's argument for a #PeoplesVote stands the test of time.We still don't know what #Brexit means - and we can't know until we see the deal.  
Yes! I was for Brexit. But then I got swayed by the gentle wisdom and persuasive charm of @Andrew_Adonis and @acgrayling and now I'm a passionate Remainer. 
Imagine living in a country where the budget is fixed by another country, with no borrowing powers. When the other country decides to spend money on policies scotland didn’t vote for, Scotland still pays up (Trident, brexit, universal credit) imagine being that country. SCOTLAND 
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed. This is the petition I'm concentrating on now.Email you MP this sentence.Can you guarantee my (husband's, father's, son's etc) medication of x y z after Brexit ?  
"Flights could be disrupted after Brexit, the transport secretary has admitted, but he said the European commission would be to blame for not starting talks on a deal to keep planes in the air." As usual, Brexit is ALWAYS somebody else's fault! 
The fact James are supporting The Courteeners proves how mad this country is.  I thought Brexit was bad but this takes it to a new level.  
Budget confirms that £4 billion has been wasted pursuing Brexit: "Preparing for exiting the EU by providing an additional £500 million to government departments, bringing the government’s investment in EU exit preparations to over £4 billion since 2016" 
I’ve never met a Kashmiri who has said that he will vote for India (if there is a referendum between India And Pakistan) Azaadi still remains the first Choice but if it is between India and Pakistan, Pakistan is going to win. #Kashmir #StopHurtingKashmir #India #Pakistan 
.@VinceCable: With growth remaining stubbornly low and Brexit weighing down our economy, it is clear the big problems are still to be tackled. It was a sticking plaster Budget when major surgery lies ahead. #Budget2018 
Just seen some of the budget headlines....an extra £500 million for preparations for brexit and nothing for mainstream policing.....good grief! What a mess we are in!. 
I think she's in for a shock if she thinks Remainers are going to flood back to the Tories in May 2019 to enable Rees-Mogg's 'race to the bottom' Brexit.  
You certainly owe us all an apology. You personally voted for the Referendum, voted to leave the EU, stood on a manifesto commitment to leave the EU, SM & CU and vowed to support the PM over Brexit. You lied.  As for leaving the EU, it’s happening in Mar 19.. 
The Tories are increasingly desperate to frame Brexit as a choice between no deal and a bad deal.As the Labour Party's conference resolution states, if the government is confident in its deal, it "should not be afraid to put that deal to the public" via a #PeoplesVote. 
How can the Chancellor talk of a 'deal dividend' when the Treasury's own analysis shows we will be worse off under every Brexit scenario?  
the #Budget2018 is a reminder of all the reasons why we hate the tories  we get so bogged down in Brexit and how dangerously badly they're handling that needless chaos that it's easy to forget that they're shit at handling literally everything else too. 
4. So today’s Budget looks to me like a triple gamble by May & Hammond:- on getting some kind of fudged Brexit deal by the end of 2018 (likely)- on their Conservative MPs reluctantly voting it through (likely)- on an early election to save their political skins (who knows) 
Brexit: Cross-party MPs launch 'killer amendment' push for fresh EU referendum  
Come on leavers. Get some balls!You reckon you're winners!People have now had a good look at your Brexit. If you really believe in your baby, I don't understand why you're so frightened to put the finished () version to #PeoplesVote We and you know why...you're losers! 
Mexican peso falls to 4month low after <1.2% of voters participate in a *non-binding* referendum by a man who is *not yet president*, scrapping the $13billion Mexico City airport project already being built.                                Mexico is in for 6 volatile years. 
et voila ... govts plans only work if there is a relatively smooth Brexit and @OBR_UK getting its sums right this time 
In addition to the extra £500m on Brexit preparations, the government is also planning to spend £4.2bn on Brexit departments. Equivalent to the salary of 210,000 senior care workers.  
The small print that everyone should read. OBR makes clear a no deal Brexit would have "severe" consequences.  
If there was one takeaway from the Budget today, it was that Brexit – if it happens – casts a long shadow over our economic prospects. My @Independent column: 
The @ScotTories MPs are so ill informed & ignorant that they are chuntering “@theSNP figures” as @IanBlackfordMP quotes Fraser of Allender figures on effects of #Brexit on Scottish economy. 
Thanks to .@IanBlackfordMP for his and his party's support for the 50s women. We must have justice. No end to austerity for us and not living longer. A political choice with grannies as collateral damage. Dystopian policies for the utopian Tory Brexit UK. Stop the damage now  
Don’t worry @JMPSimor I’ll never block you. Your tweets are hilarious. I encourage *everyone* to follow you so they too can enjoy your Brexit derangement syndrome in its full wondrous glory.  
A commemorative 50 pence piece. There's yer Brexit dividend. 
OBR: "referendum .. appears to have weakened the economy. The fall in the pound has squeezed real household incomes and consumption, while providing only a modest boost to net trade .. uncertainty regarding the #Brexit negotiations appears to have dampened business investment .." 
.@IanBlackfordMP: "We were promised £350 million a week as a Brexit dividend. It was on the side of a bus. Instead we’re getting 50p." #Budget18 
The Leave campaign promised the earth during the referendum and for fishermen, they promised the ocean too. Two years on, those promises are left unmet. Leading Tony from Doncaster towards a change of heart. Watch his story below and share with friends.  
Tories promised to reduce net immigration to 100,000 a yrTotally failedTories promised to eliminate the deficitTotally failedTories promised to reduce the overall tax takeTotally failedTories promised #Brexit means Brexit.Totally failed.Time for a change@ForBritainParty 
Office for Budget Responsibility spell it out clearly on #Brexit: “the referendum vote to leave the EU appears to have weakened the economy.” (page 8 Economic Outlook)Time to give the public the final say with a #PeoplesVote 
.@Varneyco: People don't like the rule of distant elites, and they don't like open borders either. The left is ignoring the populist trend. Big mistake. Brexit, Trump, Italy, Brazil, the people have spoken. Seems like they're beginning to shout.  
I can't believe there are more Conservatives talking up a #Brexit coin than there are questioning the new digital services tax 
And anyone trying to tell me that Merkel standing down as CDU leader (and eventually as Chancellor) might change the Brexit negotiation dynamics:DON'T EVEN BOTHERThere is basically no difference between CDU, SPD, Grüne and FDP, and even CSU and Linke on #Brexit. 
"It is unfashionable to suggest that the public can be wrong about things. Instead ... the political class ... act like the falsehoods are real". Cf 2017 Brexit White Paper: “Whilst Parliament has remained sovereign [during our EU] membership, it has not always felt like that”.  
From the @OBR_UK's official #Budget2018 document: "The referendum vote to leave the EU appears tohave weakened the economy."This dog's dinner of a Brexit is weakening our economy. That's why we're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal  
Brexit 50p coins ‘can be sharpened and thrown at the rats trying to steal your last potato’ 
Philip Hammond is the embodiment of all that is wrong with British politics. It's not just that he's aloof, tin-eared and anti-Brexit. He is just so spectacularly ill-suited to this new and daring age. An ideas and charisma vacuum. A husk with an off-centre-parting. #Budget2018 
Nice attack on Corbyn by Nicky Morgan, telling him that we might not be in this position if he had played a proper role in the referendum campaign!! 
Jeremy Corbyn: Extra £500m announced by chancellor for #Brexit preparation is "not about planning, it's about panic"Live #Budget2018 updates:  
A fantasy pre-Brexit Budget based on imaginary numbers. Growth below two percent & the Brexit cloud still looming large. The UK economy teeters on the brink of crisis - a decade after the great recession.@Adamprice responds to #Budget2018 
.@CapitalMoments Budget headlines below:- £3bn set aside towards Brexit - Extension of stamp duty relief for first time buyers on properties up to £300,00 - From April 2019, the personal allowance will be £12,500 & HRT will be £50,000  
OBR on Brexit - 'Given the lack of any meaningful basis on which to predict the outcome of the negotiations over the future relationship between the UK and the EU – .... we have based this forecast on the same broad-brush assumptions'  - in other words this could all change a lot 
Peace? This is hugely divisive and inflammatory.Prosperity? All studies on #Brexit show we will be poorer. But friends, let's refuse to accept #brexit50p in change or collect them, taking them out of circulation and donating the money to charity. 
Told my Italian host parents that the U.K. government are creating a Brexit coin with ‘Friendship With All Nations’ written on it. I’ll tell u what they think once they’ve stopped laughing. . .#brexit #50p #newcoin #joke #notafunnyone #ScottishEuropean #RomyItalia  
Chancellor confirmed #Brexit is going to be bad for families, bad for business, bad for schools, bad for law enforcement and bad for public transport. There is no #Brexit dividend, only years of extended pain. #PeoplesVote 
The #Budget18 has upgraded growth forecasts for 2018 growth from 1.3% to 1.6% #DespiteBrexit !  And despite rising risk of #wtobrexit !  Brexit can’t be bad! 
OBR quotes independent research pointing out economy 2-2.5% smaller now than would otherwise have been the case in absence of referendum  
New political rally cry of Germany? We are the People’s party!Globalism will NOT win in America & is being destroyed in Europe!UK MUST BREXIT!A change in political landscape of Germany after Angela Merkel’s horrible mishandling of the migrant crisis!  
The truth is that Brexit is happening whether we like it or not.The practical and legal obstacles to a second referendum cannot be overcome, says a former Lord Justice of Appeal.We #LEAVE on the 29/3/19.We are getting our country back after 46 years. 
Remember the days when the budget was about how many fags you’d have to cut out or pints you could afford on a Friday? #Budget2018 is about just how completely fucked we’ll be as an entire country and whether the facists will totally win. #brexit #peoplesvote 
No, it’s not allowed. Lying in a referendum, breaking spending limits, stealing women’s pensions, yeah, that’s all OK. But filming in the house of commons? How very dare you! 
"#Brexit may well go down as one of the greatest & most unnecessary self-inflicted wounds of modern history"RT if you agree with @HillaryClinton... 
“We still have no meaningful basis for predicting the post Brexit relationship” OBR document 
The favourite commemorative Brexit coin I've seen today.  
New Brexit coin will read: “Peace, prosperity and friendship with all nations. 29 March 2019” 
He couldn’t be preparing the way for a Brexit election, could he?! (Part 2) “The Chancellor formally known as Eyeore” ends #Budget2018 with the promise of an income tax cut & barely a mention of Brexit  
We need the support and solidarity of citizens across the EU, to save us from Brexit. ⁦@WernerT_Man⁩⁦@julienfouchet1⁩⁦@spaceangel1964⁩⁦@julie4nw⁩⁦@thomasbrake⁩⁦@VesperUK⁩⁦@prutske_uk⁩#PanEuropeanCitizensSolidarity#PECS 
Morgan Stanley… We are downgrading Mexico from Overweight to Underweight •The main reason behind our downgrade is asymmetric risks in the short-term (i.e. airport referendum and USMCA approval) and a complicated outlook for oil production in the medium-term. 
Pinched from Facebook.  Such a good analogy for #Brexit pic.twitter.com/vCouHRJ1bX 
#Budget2018 also announces a new commemorative Brexit 50p coin. See and share the design below   
Wholesale removal of #citizensrights from 5 million people who did nothing but exercise their legal rights to free movement will go down as one of the most shocking elements of Brexit history. Help us make sure it doesn't happen. This is #thelastmile.  
Chancellor confirms that taxpayers will need to contribute to the £20bn extra money for NHS. Hang on, wasn't that meant to be the money we get from #Brexit?! 
The belief that a labour Brexit would be better than Tory #brexit is utterly misconceived.Brexit is utterly calamitous.Why do people stay in labour to appease and enable Brexit disaster?  
Hey Mr Hammond, the Open University has received over £35million in EU funding; don't suppose there's a spare £35m in your #Budget2018 for the OU after Brexit so they can continue their world-renowned research? What do you mean no?  #MiltonKeynes #LoveMK 
A new People’s Budget for the 21st century is needed to heal our divided country. The Liberal Democrats propose a three-step Budget plan:   Stop Brexit  Fairer Taxes  Funding for Public services#Budget2018 
The next generation isn't going to be more prosperous than ours if the Tories throw away the futures of our young people with the mess they're making of Brexit. #Budget2018 
Beer & Spirits duties frozen to help the nation get through the upcoming shitstorm #Brexit #Budget #Budget18 #Budget2018 
PFI is a horrible method to fund infrastructure maintenance but we know #Hammond isn't going to use them not b/c they impoverish the nation but because he is going to privatise all things the state owns, after Brexit.  
Chancellor announces cash to help prepare for #Brexit and confirms new 50p coin to mark UK's departure from EUMore key announcements from #Budget2018 here:  
Passport Gates To Go Global  via @GuidoFawkesGoòd to see these passport gates are no longer  just for EU visitors.Now available for U.S,Australia,New Zealand,Canada and Japan.U.K. going global after Brexit. 
So far the Chancellor’s promised an end to austerity; a boost to the NHS budget; extra cash this year for schools & defence; a new tax on tech giants, a cut to small business rates & no more PFIs ...He couldn’t be preparing the way for a Brexit election, could he?! #Budget2018 
Given the Chancellor seems to have forgotten - please do RT this, just some of the Treasury’s OWN analysis that shows there is #NoBrexitDividend - another reason why it is time for a @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit #Budget18 
JUST IN: It’s now official, AMLO  kills construction of Mexico City International Airport ($13 bn project) following the results of a limited, non-legally binding referendum organized on its own by his political party  
Are you feeling united to the cause of #Brexit and will you embrace the celebratory Brexit 50p? 
One of the extraordinary aspects of Brexit is that many Commonwealth countries are now much closer to Ireland’s self-confident view of the world than to the sad but growing insularity of UK. #australia #canada #NewZealand 
Here is my hot take on The Budget: it is totally irrelevant, everything Hammond is saying will inevitably be destroyed by the chaos of Brexit, but the media are trying to take it seriously because it's one of the last vestiges of normality that they can cling to 
UK has not been leading global tax cooperation but key opponent of the EU common tax the #CCCTB And threats to cut tax rates after Brexit don't help either! The announced digital services tax is a drop in the ocean compared to what EU cooperation could achieve#Budget2018 
#Budget2018 despite Philip Hammond just saying “austerity is coming to an end” vulnerable kids, desperate for help with mental illness, now waiting up to 3 years for treatment, must wait up to 5yrs for extra NHS funding from a Brexit “dividend” which the OBR says doesn’t exist!  
THERE IS NO #BREXIT OR DEAL “DIVIDEND” @peoplesvote_uk #Budget18 
Government reveals design for commemorative Brexit 50p coin:  
Hammond's budget: adjusting the cufflinks on a few supply-side issues. Amazing when you look at the challenges ahead: productivity, Brexit, ageing, climate change, falling living standards, declining home ownership, automation. Fin de siecle stuff for neoliberalism#budget2018 
A new People’s Budget for the 21st century is needed to heal our divided country. The Liberal Democrats propose a three-step Budget plan:   Stop Brexit  Fairer Taxes  Funding for Public services#Budget2018 
If anything it means Berlin is going to be more inward looking and ready to leave Brexit to Barnier.  
Uncertain what to do with your new #Brexit 50p coin? Donate  it to the @peoplesvote_uk Campaign and help #StopBrexit 
Throughout history change has happened because we’ve made it happen.Let’s make change happen by demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal: 
Still waiting for fiscal Phil to refer to the #Brexit black hole at the heart of his budget.Brexit with, a without a deal, hurts us all in our pockets. And that gimmicky 50p commemorative coin won't change that. #PeoplesVote#Budget2018 
At #Budget2018 the Chancellor has the nerve to talk about "Britain’s jobs miracle." Tell that to the eight million working-age adults living in poverty. Tell that to the thousands in manufacturing, in retail and in the city who have lost jobs as firms relocate because of Brexit. 
I have a sneak preview of the new Brexit 50p  
The government plan to spend an extra £500 million on Brexit preparations - just months after a groundbreaking blood cancer drug (called Yescarta) was rejected for being 'too expensive'Think it's time the government spent our money on real priorities, like our NHS? RT this post 
Budget looking good so far ... £500 million more to pour into the Brexit black hole, £1bn more for the military, no mention of climate change. You'd almost think there wasn't a #climateemergency 
Summary:1. The one question I dreaded when dating: what do you do in your spare time?2. When I replied "I campaign against racism, the patriarchal hegemony, the Tories, Brexit and Trump", they seemed to lose all interest in me.3. Talk about narrow-minded!4. That's all, folks!  
Don’t know how Hammond can keep a straight face when claiming there will be a ‘Brexit Dividend’. His own analysis shows that even the softest of Brexits cuts £Billions from our budgets. #Budget 
Chancellor is spinning there’s a #Brexit ‘deal dividend’ - a claim completely undermined by his own Treasury’s predictions of inferior growth and extra borrowing with an FTA-style relationship with EU. 
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of October 29, 2018 at 04:50PM, £1 buys 1.1254€. This means that food & medicine imports to the UK are more expensive. It doesn't have to be like this. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
According to the words Hammond said just a minute ago that dividend comes from money he and investors have held back because of Brexit uncertainty. 
I have the #BudgetDay on, but not listening. Seems completely pointless when we're staring at complete economic devastation with hard or No-Deal #Brexit 
The new Brexit 50 pence piece is only actually worth two pence because 48 doesn’t count. 
The Philip Hammond commemorative #Brexit 50p piece is going to cheer us up no end.#50p #Budget2018 #PeoplesVote 
BREAKING: “The era of austerity is finally coming to an end” says the Chancellor as he delivers his budget “just in time for the era of Brexit, which is far far worse.” 
#budget2018 #volsecbudget £4.2 bn spent on brexit preparations. The opportunity cost of spending that money is staggering. It’s equivalent to the total income of the UK’s 136,000 smallest charities for almost two years. Just think what they could do for communities with that.  
Growth forecasts are literally below 2% every year for five years. That is STAGNATION. What happened to all that Brexit growth?! 
Staggering figure. Just how many police, nurses and teachers could that have paid for? Instead we are wasting billions on #Brexit - shocking. Time for @peoplesvote_uk #NoBrexitDividend #Budget18 
Flights could be disrupted after Brexit, Chris Grayling admits  
500 million on Brexit preparations. Remember - that’s money that could’ve gone on hospitals, schools or social care. #PeoplesVote#FFS#Budget2018 #BudgetDay 
It’s useful to note that the OBR’s forecasts are based on a Brexit with a deal. We’ll have more info on that when we get the papers after Hammond sits down. #Budget2018 
Hammond "An economy working for everyone" - except EU migrants/UK citizens living in the EU, disadvantaged in society and anyone whose job is one of millions at risk from Brexit. #Budget2018 
Brexit’s gone very quiet poke it with a stick there til we see if it’s dead 
More cash for no deal Brexit planning, and confirms he'd do another Budget in spring if there is no deal and there's a disorderly brexit 
Chancellor: I have already allocated £2.2bn to departments for Brexit preparations.And in the Autumn Budget last year I set aside a further £1.5bn to be allocated in 2019-20.Today I am increasing that sum to £2bn…  #Budget2018 
Hammond promises a 'double deal dividend' - if there is a Brexit deal - joining 'deep and special' - in the lexicon of Brexit terminology that sounds like it's on a Domino's menu 
Just met a NI member who has serious concerns re a 'No Deal' #Brexit - 60% output exported to ROI- WTO trading would slap on a whopping 50% tariff- one ROI customer already initiated a new supply chain ex GermanyA No Deal Brexit shouldn't be an option for NI businesses 
Looking at Brexit, the election of 45 & now this, it is WILD to me that US media (as a whole) still refuse to acknowledge what this is. Ain’t no both sides.  
We think it’s time for a new vote - Brexit or Beatrix - which side of the coin do you fall on? for Beatrix,  for Brexit. #BeatrixOrBrexit #Budget2018 #BudgetDay #HappeningonEbay 
On #BudgetDay it’s appropriate to remind people that @PhilipHammondUK gave the best argument for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. Video: 30 seconds. Please share widely. #Budget2018 #Budget #FinalSay 
A new People’s Budget for the 21st century is needed to heal our divided country. The Liberal Democrats propose a three-step Budget plan:   Stop Brexit  Fairer Taxes  Funding for Public services#Budget2018 
And another #Budget18 idea for #PhilipHammond post #Brexit when we can make our own rules:Goods bought on High st = zero VATGoods bought on Amazon (for example) = 20% VATThat should inform shopping habits 
New study shows Brexit is drenched in fake news  
WATCH IT AGAIN: on Saturday 20th October 700,000 marched on Parliament to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Now it's time to email your MP & help #WriteThisWrong:  
#Labour and #tories are fixed on #Brexit.Brexit will deliver disastrous fascism.Brazil just elected fascist president, universities are being raised as we speak.How can members of these parties change the direction of travel? 
Many jokes about #BrexitCoin today. But issuing this at this stage of negotiations shows the utter contempt the Govt have shown to #remain and the majority of the country for two and a half years. #Brexit isn’t even agreed by the Cabinet so why would be celebrate? #shameful 
Thatcher on a 50 quid note.Brexit on a 50p piece.The best argument for cashless payments yet. 
#bcpoli. Fair vote BC: in 2009referendum voters offered specific version of PR chosen independently and seat boundaries drawn independently. Unfair vote BC: in 2018 PR options chosen by politicians; no maps, more than 2 dozen working details  deliberately withheld. 
"Show us the Brexit 50p then""Sure, here it is - the Brexit 40p""But I thought-""30p, yes - that's what I said""You said-""Look, it's always been the Brexit 10p" 
#FPBE and #PeoplesVote weirdos, please stop contacting me. (They're having a last putsch).Brexit in some form will happen.I represent the 52% and they will be heard.Take your chia latte'd, middle class bleatings elsewhere. 
USA, Hungary, Italy, Denmark, Austria, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Brexit... and now Brazil. Revolutionary times. 
Liz Truss is wearing a dress called "Forever", in a nod to how long the Brexit process is going to take #Budget2018 
Lord Willetts(Tory) - #Brexit is a big deal for the future of our country... so asking the people if they actually accept the terms, with a #PeoplesVote, is the right thing to do.#FBPE #Budget2018 
This must surely be unprecedented. If this isn't chaos, we don't know what is.#EndTheChaos #Brexit 
LONDON BREAKING: Car sales slump as Brexit fears grip UK. Few believe the country will be better off and they’re curbing spending say Brexit-watchers  
Special 50p coin *  expected to mark Brexit - BBC News. (*Note to users  - actual worth by March next year around 40p and falling.)  
The government plans to launch a new Brexit 50p coin to mark Britain's departure from the modern world. Spend it wisely. Donate to our campaign for a #finalsay today: 
John Longworth: a WTO Brexit would give the Chancellor an extra £39 billion to invest in infrastructure and cut taxes. It would also allow us to eliminate tariffs and reduce the cost of living.Join our campaign:  
Chancellor Philip Hammond announces final budget before Brexit  
i don't think anyone's trying to say the situation in Brazil is the same as Brexit; we're saying why are we waiting to see if it does get as bad as that before anyone does anything about it? why aren't we nipping fascism in the bud??  
Boris: Collecting Customs Duties for EU After Brexit ‘an Absolute Humiliation’   
“Our ports are already equipped to grasp the opportunities of Brexit... We can continue to argue about the result of the referendum or we can seize the opportunity and once again become an independent global trading nation” @Royston_Smith#StandUp4Brexit 
Another day and more violence in Sadiq Khan's multicultural #London#Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #brexiteers#Rotherham #BrexitCoin #brexitshambles #brexitmarch 
Brexit and aviation.A year ago, the transport secretary, Chris Grayling, told airport operators that flights being grounded after a no-deal Brexit was "inconceivable". Today, he told the same audience it is "highly unlikely" 
Too much of Brexit focuses on trade. It's important, but the collective psychological impact of Brexit will be just as devastating. The UK will have never been as isolated, small and irrelevant as it will be after Brexit. In all our history, we will never have been so alone. 
UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP comments on #Budget2018 and the 50p Brexit commemorative coin.READ:  
New documents show the government is well aware Brexit will harm staffing and resources for the NHS but they're woefully unprepared to cope. FOI requests have released 30 documents that reveal just how poorly prepared we are for a damaging Brexit.  
1. Govt says we won't lose Rights if #Brexit goes aheadThey LIEAside from FOMWe will lose the RightTo take our Govt to the ECJ if it infringes or removes RightsTo Consular AsstanceTo Social ProtectionsTo Consumer Protections etcThis has NO CONSENT 
President Donald Trump isn’t on the ballot, but the US midterm elections next week are a referendum on his two years in power. Here’s what you need to know:  
It is amazing to think that:DExEU's projection for an EEA / soft Brexit was: 2% of GDP lower.(over 15 years)We have now lost 2.5%, over two years.Next time someone mentions "project fear", show them this.#PeoplesVoteReference: 
Again, and again, with the empirically uninformed and divisive framing of race and class. Some of us have been speaking abt this since before the referendum but Professor Goodwin refuses to respond to or include us in his 'we'.  
The Brexit 50p#ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins #Budget2018 
#Tory #MP #MarkFrancois calls on the Chancellor NOT to give away billions of #taxpayers' cash to #Brussels but to spend it here in #Britain on our priorities. Hear, hear!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns @BrexitStewart #StandUp4Brexit #BREXIT #UK 
Create your own Brexit 50p by simply throwing a regular 50p at someone you don't like the look of, and then realising you have no money for lunch@TwopTwips#brexit50p 
33 things they should put on the back of the Brexit 50p #50p #brexit50p 
Twitter users mint new jokes over Brexit 50p coin  
Bullshit about the budget. £30 billion to be borrowed. £3 billion set aside for brexit. How about we borrow  £27 billion and tell the EU to go and Fxxx themselves. They've bled us dry since 1947 and 1973 
It appears not to have occurred to our Gov that nearly half the country want to stay in the EU and might not want a celebratory coin to carry around. On the plus side we could send one to every Leaver who loses their job due to Brexit. 
Only 1 in 4 people still want Brexit to be cancelled - but only 10% support Chequers  
Tim Montgomerie@montiehas blocked me for commenting on his claim that we had to Brexit to avoid national humiliation. That takes me to around 11 prominent Brexiters, incl 3 MPs, blocking me. Snowflakes, the lot of them. Shame.  
Boeing - the world's largest aerospace firm - is confident about Britain's post-Brexit future, as it invests heavily in their Sheffield manufacturing plant. #Budget2018 
“Friendship with all nations”.What a stupid thing to put on the offensive new Brexit 50p coin.It suggests that somehow, by being in the EU, we lost friends. The opposite is true. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
The UK is screwed.  #Referendum  
Have you met Polly @RemainingKind and her daughter Meg?They are from Herefordshire and today at Westminster with @SODEMAction to protest against Brexit for our futures.Will you join us?#Budget2018 
BREAKING: Philip Hammond reveals budget for no-deal Brexit.  
‘The culture of the Brexiters is that the ends justify the means: that any action that ensures Brexit is justified, no matter the price in terms of law, decency or democratic principles’  
Twice as many Brits want @theresa_may GONE before #Brexit. She's selling out the country with her Brexit In Name Only. #ToryMPs must show some guts, stand up for the country and oust her before it's too late!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @DCBMEP #StandUp4Brexit 
I've now blocked more people on the bizarre subject of whimsical piano-playing in public than I have over Brexit, Corbyn, AntiSemitism, and other basic racism. I think it's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to me here. Bewildering. 
Close to 60 people at @Another_Europe’s lunchtime meeting at Univ of Nottm listening to strong speeches against Brexit from @mikegalsworthy and Alena Ivanova Next meeting this evening at 7pm see  
The Brexit 50p piece: “We were promised £350 million a week. Instead we're getting 50p."  
The Sunday Times polled its readers on #Brexit and @peoplesvote_uk, a clear sign that opinion has changed, reality has sunk in and the UK requires a second referendum. #RenewParty #PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
EU Open borders fiasco  & Trump broke Angela Merkel too  New World Order is crumblingTaking care of your own country's people  first is a megatrend   #KAG #MAGA #EU #Brexit.@POTUS 
15. In reality, George Osborne’s Brexit budget wasn’t a budget, and instead was a clumsy, ill-considered, campaign stunt that Eurosceptics seized on to manipulate the public by arguing it was a promise to “punish” the public for voting one way. 
So, anyway, back in reality. What are you most looking forward to about no deal Brexit? 
The Norway Option is simply The NoWay Option. Is there anything left in the Brexit Fantasy Dustbin? The Vanuatu Option? The Ruritania Option Plus Plus?  
Tomorrow 07:45 @BBCRADIOKENT myself and Gordon Henderson MP for sittingbourne having a phone debate on brexit : Gordon ... I hope your ready !! 
We're more than two years into the Brexit negotiations and just 6% of international treaties have been rolled over by the government. It's clear they can't deliver the Brexit they promised. That's why they must give the people the final say on the deal. 
Brexit 50 pence coin designs  
A Brexit Test  
#Budget2018This is the last budget before #Brexit on 29/3/19Hopefully it will be Hammond's last budget.He has done everything possible to stop Brexit and feed #ProjectFearHe has failed to eliminate the deficit as promised.He is a bore.Time he went. 
Fun Fact: The number of Brits currently applying for Irish passports in London (80-90,000) is equivalent to the population of Hastings (E Sussex) or 1.5 times the number of Irish born in Ireland in 2016. #Brexit  
*That awkward moment when a Chocolate £1 is stronger than the Brexit £1*  
Not going ahead with #Brexit would be worth £billions to the public purse - money which could be invested in public services & neglected communities to heal our divided country. (via @InFactsOrg) 
1. So, people are comparing Phillip Hammond’s suggestion of a new budget to George Osborne’s Brexit budget, and I think #Budget2018 may be a good day to demolish a persistent Brexit myth...  
BREAK: A group is organizing to call a public referendum on the D.C. Council's repeal of Initiative 77. If it gets on the ballot and is approved by voters, the repeal would be... repealed:  
This poll was behind a paywallSo non of the remain or leave camps on twitter or Facebook where able to significantly affect the result70% of Sunday Times subscribers want a referendum on the final deal.#PeoplesVote 
BREAKING: Philip Hammond to unveil special Brexit 50p coin. It will be worth 10p.  
#Ford warned recently that if there's a hard #Brexit they'd reconsider their operations in the UK. Now they're sending staff home. They can see this negotiation is going nowhere fast - and it's all becoming increasingly real for their workers #EndTheChaos 
16) One key issue, particularly for a “no deal”: the U.K. currently has a major shortfall in customs agents like Tommy to deal with post-Brexit trade. The govt has announced £8m for businesses to train more brokers but time is very short to do that. 
SO HERE WE HAVE IT:A full list of the tangible benefits of #Brexit!1) New 50p2) #BluePassports3) Commemorative stamps4) #Brexit festivalWhat a way to celebrate Britain's biggest economic, social & cultural disaster!Stamp stickers available from:  
As we watch @PhilipHammondUK boast today about an extra £20billion for the NHS let’s not forget Theresa May has said the bulk of it will come from a Brexit “dividend” which the OBR says won’t exist! It’s time Gov’t stopped treating us like ignorant serfs  
The UK has, however, created a Minister of Supply to help with food and medicine shortages after Brexit, asked supermarkets, food suppliers, and manufacturers of medicines to stockpile, put the Police and Army on standby to quell unrest, and created a Minister for Suicide. 
2016 July: May becomes PM. 'Brexit means Brexit', and the referendum loses its advisory status and the result becomes mandatory and 'the will of the people'.2017 March: May triggers Art50. 
2016 June: The UK votes by just under 4% to leave the EU in a referendum that is supposed to be advisory.2016 July: Cameron resigns. 
In the last budget before the 29th March all promises of a 'Brexit dividend' have vanishedThat's why we need a #PeoplesVoteREAD MORE: How we can get a massive ‘no Brexit’ dividend if we stay in EU  
The new Brexit 50p is naff so here's my version using a slogan from Barbara Castle's 1975 campaign. #Budget2018 
"The last Budget before Brexit is a spectacular opportunity to send a message to the world that the British economy will not just survive but thrive outside the EU."  
The treasury have confirmed that the commemorative Brexit 50p piece will be available from 29th March for just €0.40.  
If I was the shadow chancellor, I would ask the Chancellor how much more money would we have if we stayed in the EU? How many children could be taken out of poverty? What’s the chance of Brexit Coalition partners asking that? #BudgetDay 
If you believe Brexit will lead to "higher growth and higher net incomes", why did you write an article for the FT telling investors "Time to look further afield as UK economy hits the brakes"?  
 via @GuidoFawkesOpen letter to Justine Greening.Do you think this country could stomach another Remain PM.Just settle down to life as a backbencher with the rest of your cronies.Your chances are Zero.We need direction and leadership after Brexit. 
A 50p fucking coin to mark the end of our membership of the EU! I will never fucking forgive the fucking politicians who orchestrated #Brexit nor those, who by their fucking cowardice, failed to fucking oppose it. A fucking 50 fucking p fucking coin. Fuck! 
If the BBC were to articulate the damage that a No deal Brexit would do then it'd be considerably harder for the british establishment to shift the blame. Can people not see this? The EU will be blamed for Eton's mess. Failing that, it'll be us Scots for 'undermining' them. 
Myles voted leave, but he has changed his mind and is a #RemainerNow who joined us in parliament last Wednesday.Here he is asking @labourleave MP @JohnMannMP to listen to leave voters like him as to why they no longer support #Brexit Respect @MylesHSG We need a #PeoplesVote 
The 1973 design for the 50p piece had nine hands, symbolising the nine members of the European Economic Community, clasping one another in a mutual gesture of trust, assistance and friendship.The Brexit 2019 design has only one hand.  
In another case of the strongest Leave-voting areas being sadly hardest hit by the effects of #Brexit, we learn today that the economies of the Midlands and North East will suffer most from immigration changes. Wherever they live, nobody voted to be poorer 
So the government is chartering ferry's to bring in food and medicine another thing every leaver knew they were voting for #Brexit  
"lead figure from economists for brexit" aka crackpot who has no idea what he is talking about cited by essentially nobody  
Brextremist BBC presenters aren't going to point out the economy is already over 2% smaller than it would have been had we not voted for the Brexit catastrophe. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
NEW: Number 10 slap down Chancellor to insist austerity will end even if no-deal Brexit 
For the avoidance of doubt ‘The Ruling Elite’ are determined to leave the EU they will not allow a People’s Vote to stop that, if you live in Scotland and want such a vote you are lucky it is called an Independence Referendum and it will be along shortly.  
The #Brexit quitters love to claim that they’re not realBut those of us who’ve done our own #Brexitometer know how real they are & how heartfelt is the demand for a #PeoplesVote 
MPs do not have 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit say Commons officials  
Cross-party group of MPs in plot to thwart #Brexit by tabling a 'killer' amendment to demand a second referendum as soon as May comes back with a deal  
A 50p Brexit coin huh? That’s it. Proof the Treasury are all out of ideas. Official policy is now literally: Ooh look! Shiny thing! 
No, people hate George Soros because he's bankrolling anti-Brexit campaigns and the politicians who represent them. He is trying to sabotage the will of the people. It's nothing to do with him being Jewish. 
Hey Mr @Dyson. Not only are you a contradictory Brexit fool but your urinals in Gloucester services are shit. They blow your piss everywhere 
Team up with 3 friends or loved ones and pool together your new “Brexit ration tokens” (as I’m calling the new 50p) and buy the Brexit ration of choice: A lovely tin of “adequate” cooked ham! #ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins @Coldwar_Steve 
Brexit will be a disaster for the social care sector, leaving women at a particular disadvantage  
The @EU_Commission says it has no current plans to issue a commemorative € coin to match the UK's #Brexit 50p piece. #Budget2018 
This, 100% this#Brexit is everything, because it impacts & poisons everything.You can't put your head in the sand and say "project fear" anymoreYou can't say "austerity/NHS/Labour government is more important", Brexit will hamstring them allPlease read/RT the original thread  
Chris Grayling admits talks on UK-EU post-Brexit flights have not begun  
Preview of one of the Brexit 50p coins...  
#Bolsonaro elected in Brazil #Merkel out in Germany #Salvini surging in Italy#Orban defending Hungary#Trump to take 2020#Brexit made official in 5 months #Me bloody loving the rise of the right. Onwards Christian soldiers. #MAGA 
Where former ECJ judge @FrDe2059 Franklin Dehousse accuses EU of “strategic myopia” over #brexit - by forcing backstop into A50 and putting short term defensive interests over long term relationship. /1 
Ah, the "Brexit 50p" because nothing says "bring the country together" like memorialising a decision at least 50% of the population vehemently disagrees with  
Does Philip Green show the UK establishment is pushing its luck? Does Bolsonaro's win mean we have to choose between socialism & barbarism? And why hasn't @OwenJones84 stopped Brexit yet? I'll be asking OJ all this and more on #TyskySour, tonight at 8pm  
If Sinn Féin (presidential election vote share: 6.4%) can dictate Ireland’s Brexit policy, I look forward to the Liberal Democrats dictating Britain’s.  
The new Brexit 50p coin has made it all worth it.   
I've had a go at some Brexit coins.  
“Friendship with all nations" — that’s what 50p Brexit coin will say. If, however, you’re a citizen of an EU nation who made the UK their home, then our friendship means that we’re going to force you to apply to stay, charge you for the privilege, and keep you in eternal limbo.  
Brexit will be a disaster for the social care sector, leaving women at a particular disadvantage  If you're worried about the impact of Brexit, join our grassroots organisation to help us get a #PeoplesVote: 
One way around this could be rather than minting a 50p Brexit coin to mint a £50 billion one, but I suspect the Bank of England Governor might be rather unhappy.#monetaryhumour #budget2018 
In Brexit-Britain they no longer worry about the £ .  It is down to the 50p now .... The farthing next? :)) 
Remain is a cross party team effort. We will RT anything that is pro EU or anti brexit from any party. Invariably it is LibDem lead, but not always. Please sign and share this petition to the Labour leadership for a #peoplesvote with an option to remain  
With just five months to go to Brexit, the UK is under mounting pressure to replicate the 236 treaties that the EU has with 168 countries — so far it has managed 14.  
1)A #brexit thread on 'frictionless' trade: @bbcsoutheast decided to see how easy/difficult it would be to export an item from #Switzerland (outside the EU) to the UK(inside the EU) to get an idea of what British businesses might have to do after #Brexit. 
LISTEN: our report shows that young people will be up to £108,000 worse off under a WTO-style Brexit - economist @tommy_peto explains why on @LBC Sign our petition and demand a #PeoplesVote on the final deal  
I see people, very understandably, saying they'll refuse to accept the #Brexit50p . But I'm going to stick any I get in jars until I've saved enough to donate worthwhile amounts to pro-EU groups, @The3Million supportThey want to give us a Brexit coin? Let's use it to fight back 
Dear UK MPs, you are almost all apparently so wrapped up in your own careers & trivia that you are failing to realise that Brexit,Trump & the Far right are going to cause a major war. Can I suggest you re-read your history books as you seem to have forgotten how WW2 happened 
This argument for Brexit is supported by the state of countries like Greece, Spain & Italy where loss of economic control to Brussels has led to long run rates of youth unemployment in high double figures. Give up control and others decide your policies and economic futures.  
Young people know that Brexit going wrong. We need to make sure our MPs know that as well.That's why we're asking our supporters to contact their representatives to  and demand they back a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
This election should be a referendum on “Trump enablers”. If you don’t speak out about the climate of hate, if you don’t explain that words have consequences—you gotta go, whether you’re running for governor or dog catcher. 
So this extra £2 billion for mental health the Tories are boasting about... It’s going to come from the extra £20 billion NHS money, which is being covered by a Brexit dividend, that simply doesn’t exist. The con artists think we won’t notice. #Budget2018 
Since the Brexit referendum the UK has gone from one of the fastest growing G7 economies to the slowestRead more on the big announcements expected to come in the #budget:  
These EU officials are almost certainly rightTheresa May will make further concessions to Brussels AFTER the Budget. She won't do it BEFOREHAND in case Brexiteers and the DUP vote the Budget downWait for your more Brexit betrayals, fellow Leavers 
Hurrah  Chancellor reveals new 50p coin to celebrate ‘Brexit’ - Just makes you proud to be British eh? The coin is expected to have the words “Friendship With All Nations” inscribed on it  
Tony Abbott wants Brexit to succeed & tells us why it could. The government does not appear to want the same thing. They want to stay shackled to the EU to pave the way for re-entry.  
Remember when the Brexit vote was a predictor of Trump’s win?Well, here we go again. The fall of Merkel is a predictor of the fall of the left in midterms. 
In 2012, David Davis said a democracy that can't change its mind is no longer a democracy.Today he says Britain isn't allowed to change its mind. You have the right to a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Britain is still a democracy!  
Yes I noticed this - revealing how acutely defensive is the BBC on Brexit & the cancelled people’s vote documentary. I haven’t remotely finished on this  
"mainstream press abetted Trump’s effort to make the midterm election a referendum on the caravan. Popular news podcasts devoted entire episodes to the caravan. It remained on the front pages of major media websites. It was an overwhelming topic of conversation on cable news"  
In a post-Brexit world how will Britain find importing and exporting goods into Europe through Dover?Political editor @BBCHelenCatt travelled to Switzerland to get an idea. 
The Home Affairs Select Committee have slammed the Govt for its “cursory” response to their report on EEA migration. @EdwardJDavey said“On planning for post-Brexit immigration, Conservative Ministers are acting like school kids who can’t be bothered to do their homework."  
Whitehall says that in 9 out of 10 areas the UK unprepared for a No Deal Brexit, incl. medicines, food &  transport. Chancellor also admits today's budget null & void in same scenario.  What a shambles..  #peoplesvote. 
No thanks, @JustineGreening... Theresa May has been bad enough! A second referendum Remoaner as the next prime minister would be the final nail in the coffin of this faux "Conservative" party.Support us at  
Unless the new Brexit 50p coin is made of chocolate,  it's as unwelcome to me as blue passports and a Festival of Brexit. This Government is really taking us all for fools.  #budget2018 
If you consider going to a baseball game part of "living," then please consider that there's a referendum in Massachusetts to take away the right of trans people to use a bathroom at Fenway Park without harassment. The games are too long to forego using the bathroom.  
Thinking of ordering a batch of these to stick on every one of those Brexit coins I ever see.  
There's only 1 #Budget2018 announcement that can guarantee GROWTH & it's that #Brexit will be stopped & we'll be #Remain-ing in the EU with the Best Possible Deal any Sovereign country has ever been able to secure.It's a No-Brainer. All versions leave us WORSE OFF#StopBrexit 
Those now opposing #Brexit and demanding a "people's vote" strike me as dishonourable, cowardly and selfish. The arrogant assumption was that they are entitled to frame the issue & decide who should govern us. That was shown to be misplaced. This is purely about them saving face. 
13k Sunday Times readers vote overwhelmingly in favour of a second referendum..... so they bury it at the bottom of an inside page  #Brexit 
A blue passport AND a Brexit 50p piece? I think that should put an end to any doubts about whether Brexit was worth it.You're welcome. 
15. Aside from domestic, EU &  Brexit politics, Merkel's exit will have a much bigger global symbolism. At a time when the liberal, rules-based world order crafted in the ashes of WWII seems to be crumbling, she was hailed (rightly or wrongly) as the defender of that order. 
Looks like my MP has blocked me on twitter. Oh well. She only has to p off 250 other people and she's lost her seat. Not difficult seeing that she's upholding a damaging Brexit. 
NO CHANCE: Pro-second referendum Justine Greening could put herself forward to be PM. Nah, we’re alright. Honestly.  
13. Which brings me to Brexit. Nothing changes materially here. Merkel never had the power nor inclination to 'save' Brexit - and as her career comes to an end, there will be even less capacity for Brexit. Her successor will have the same strategic priorities viz Brexit. 
Brexit flotilla latest...,Ministers poised to sign underwriting agreement to take control of TEN cross channel ferries for year - at a cost of up to £75m. Will have ability to bypass Calais in No Deal scenario  
RT @OFalafel: Brexit 50p designs leaked  
We are literally at the "here's something shiny to distract you from the shithouse shambles of incomprehensible incompetency we've created" stage of Brexit:  
A special 50p coin is being issued to commemorate Brexit. Or as it used to be called, a pound. 
Prime Minister Theresa May’s spokesman says all spending commitments chancellor Philip Hammond will set out today in the budget are funded irrespective of a Brexit deal and if the economic circumstances change then economic interventions will be considered 
  The new 50p coin for Brexit will be announced today, and it will feature one of the UK's most iconic figures...  
This is what's so ridiculous about the position we're in.Politicians know Brexit hurts the country but they're pursuing it because they think the people are counting on them to.Meanwhile the People are counting on the politicians to make sure no harm comes to the country.  
The rift widens between May and Hammond on a no deal Brexit. No10: “All the commitments that the Chancellor will set out today are funded whether there is a deal or not”. Chx suggested the exact opposite yesterday. 
The Merkel era is drawing to a close. Profoundly important not just for Germany & the EU but for the UK too. Suggests  Macron & France will now be key players in shaping of any Brexit deal  
What's Brexit really all about? Well, for Liam Fox and many Conservative Brexiters it's all about tying UK to US trade policy. Myself and @AdamRamsay in @NewStatesman 
“Brexit is having an impact already on the recruitment and retention of EU nationals” Enough is enough. Let's have a People's Vote and decide whether we REALLY want to lose thousands of NHS staff from the EU. 
I have tabled an amendment to the Northern Ireland Bill, to be debated tomorrow, providing for a special sitting of the Northern Ireland Assembly to debate and vote on Brexit and a people's vote in November, even if the Assembly is not sitting for any other purpose 
4. She has been Chancellor during the 2008 financial crash, the Eurozone crisis, the Arab Spring Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the migrant crisis the Syrian war, and Brexit. Her exit will have meaning for not only Germany, but the EU and the world. 
#BudgetDay Overshadowing everything in the #budget is the cost of #Brexit. The government’s own figures show that ANY kind of Brexit costs a fortune. Imagine what would be possible if we weren’t wasting so much !  
Brexit 50p  
The so called experts said Brexit was not worth the risk, but soon we will have blue passports and a special Brexit 50p piece. One in the eye for the Remoaners. Also, no coincidence a pot noodle costs 50p. Chancellor looking after ex-forces pensioners for once. Cheers bob 
New Brexit coin to celebrate our historic vote has driven Remainers mad. Let's continue to promote Brexit Britain.  
If we'd taken a different path in 2015, instead of screaming about BRexit, we'd be spending our time wondering how the #BallsBudget would affect biscuit prices. 
Precious Brexit 50p #BrexitCoin #brexit50p 
wow they released the new post brexit 50p coin set  
Merkel exit. Macron weak. Salvini strong.Brexit.The destruction of the EU is unfolding.  
Unlike Brexshitters, who aren't willing to try things like multiculturalism, a functioning economy and modernity.I'll going to give you a Brexit 50p and a piece of paper containing the definition of irony.#ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins 
don't even get me started on the Brexit 50p  ideal usage: lock up arron banks and everyone involved with the VoteLeave campaign, then give anyone who still wants Brexit a shiny 50 pence piece, tell them we've left the EU, rescind Article 50, and carry on with our lives. 
Interesting piece by LSE professor. Arlene Foster has no mandate locally to push for a hard Brexit.   
#Brexit JabberwockyShe took her #Chequers sword in hand,Long time the #EU foes she fought.So rested she, far from JeremyAnd stood alone in thought.#BrexitDecoded #BorisJohnson #Jacob_Rees_Mogg #PeoplesVote #JeremyCorbyn #Michel_Barnier #Donald_Tusk @afneil 
After picking myself off the floor after finding out the design of the Brexit coin, I'd like to suggest some amendments1. Coin should be made from bone2. Design should be  
NEWS! Brexit 50p coin already worth only 20p  
During the first Scottish Independence referendumWe found pensioners in tearsBecause Labour canvassers brough up from Liverpool were telling them that if they, or any of their family voted YES, then their pension would stop on 19 September 2014How's that for a cruel lie?  
Brexit coin tae be made in a embarrass-mint... 
#Budget2018 going down in history as one of the worst ever - Full of austerity lies based on an ideology of selfishness  - Empty of the brave ideas the UK needs - Shredded by ANY BrexitBrought to you by a cowardly Chancellor & his zombie Prime Minister#GetTheToriesOut 
It doesn't take a genius to know that, as soon as it's launched the Brexit 50p will be worth about 37p. Meanwhile, the tax-dodging, disaster capitalists will make a killing on the markets.Don't be fooled by the scraps being offered: fight to #StopBrexit@PeoplesMomentum 
.@robertjeffress on @FoxFriendsFirst: "This coming election next Tuesday really is going to be a referendum on President Trump’s policies."  
Blue passports, the Festival of Brexit, the commemorative #Brexit coin... It's as if these brain-dead nationalists think we're all as susceptible to the power of vacuous, self-congratulatory symbolism as they are. 
So excited about this new Brexit 50p, they're going to look amazing when I collect them in a shoe box to buy a dead rat for dinner. #ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins 
American ownership of the NHS was *always* one of the end goals of Brexit. In a #PeoplesVote leave voters can change their mind and #StopBrexitSaveBritain. 
Has anyone been persuaded to change from Remain to Leave, or vice versa, by anything they’ve read about #Brexit on Twitter? 
Philip Hammond is going to use the budget to scaremonger over a no deal Brexit. His predecessor did the same, threatening another budget if we dared to vote to leave. Osborne was wrong and so is Hammond. Remainers just want to prevent a proper Brexit..  
"Nick Boles's EEA proposal would not work." says top former EU Council lawyer @piris_jc - the only way out of this botched Brexit mess is through a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT so everybody knows:  
I grew up on a council estate in Bermondsey, your typical working class family. I went to school in Peckham, had loads of black mates, some I still know. My wife is Turkish, my mum is Irish. Yet I've been called "far-right" & "xenophobic" on twitter because I voted for #Brexit  
The 50p coin will be nothing more than a sad & permanent reminder of the long lasting damage Brexit will do to our economy, credibility & influence in the world.Rather than a nonsensical coin, the people deserve a final say including the option to remain in the EU.#Budget2018 
Twice as many Brits want PM Theresa May to be replaced before Brexit than ‘those who want her to stay’. May has lost the public trust and needs to go..  
Tearing up at the thought of a side profile of Big Sam on a Brexit 50p. 
Great news as the House of Commons has confirmed MPs do not have a legal veto over a no deal Brexit & cannot stop the UK from leaving the EU in March 2019. It is either May's deal (if she gets one) or no deal. Defeat May's deal & we get a no deal Brexit..  
It will take a lot of Brexit 50p coins to pay the Brexit bills  
Details of how to dispose of your Brexit 50p (and other valueless British sterling denominations).  #brexit50p 
If Britain crashes out of Europe without a deal will the Brexit 50p be worth a few groats less than half a crown? #justasking 
It was NOT a cynical lie on side of the #VoteLeave bus.It was not even a lie.Slogan said," “We send the EU £350m a week. Let's fund our NHS instead.” It did NOT say all the £350m would go to the NHS.Sarah, you promised to deliver #Brexit.You ARE a liar.Broke your promise.  
A second referendum would be an affront to democracy. Sign this e-petition to ensure that one is not forced upon us.  
Happy Halloween! #Bolsonaro #Trump #Pittsburgh #Brexit #Merkel #Khashoggi @nrc 
"Brexit 50p"  
The Brexit 50p design has been officially revealed. "One side features the Queen with her head in her hand, quietly sobbing, while the other has a comprehensive list of the benefits the people of the UK will receive on leaving the EU" #BrexitCoin #brexit50p 
Prime Minister - “Austerity is over”.Chancellor of the Exchequer - “Austerity is still here. We need a Brexit deal before we can end austerity.”Prime Minister - “No Deal is better than a bad deal”.Confused? Not as confused as they are. 
Cheers :) ... Just think that while we/SNP bark about stopping Brexit - we need to be ready to use the #indyref2 insurance mandate, in event of a)NoDeal and out of EU next Marchb)Deal and out of EU Dec 2020c)I m not concerned about Theresa May forever saying "not now" 
GO: New poll finds twice as many Brits want May to be replaced before Brexit than stay. Brexiteers must get her to chuck Chequers or go.  
BREAKING: New Brexit 50p coin to be made in France 
7 years with no majority !!..They are only getting away with it because the British public are letting them....PLUS the so called opposition party just dont seem to understand the meaning of the word OPPOSE !!..And Brexit will be the final nail !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
This coin would represent the complete subjugation of this country to the will of your foreign paymaster Rupert Murdoch, so let's call it the "One Murdoch Piece". But, even better, let's give Murdoch a mighty pain in the brexits by having a #PeoplesVote and binning #Brexit!#FBPE 
Dear @peoplesvote_uk - maybe you could ask Sugar Daddy Soros to fund you in Brexit 50 pences. Just for the glorious contradiction.  
Brexit 50p coins ‘can be sharpened and thrown at the rats trying to steal your last potato’  
Adonis attacks the BBC for bias  on Brexit. Farage attacks the BBC for bias on Brexit. I just want to BBC to get more sport  back onto free to view and carry on its excellent news reporting.  
Brexit 50p designs leaked  
David Cameron’s legacy is the rise of UKIP on his watch and the Brexit vote that swept him out. For Merkel it will be her mass migration mess and the surge in support for an AFD that didn’t even exist until 2013.  
OH...Hold on....So Corbyn has no power?? So why are the FBPE insisting on him denouncing the whole thing like if he was able to call off Brexit tomorrow? Why are they chanting where's Corbyn, rather than putting pressure on the Tories?  
Still using the old "Stop calling us stupid" argumentNot studying EU law for years doesn't make you stupid.Not being able to predict the outcome of 2years of negotiations that have never been done before doesn't make you stupid.Accepting a Brexit deal NOBODY likes however... 
So long, and thanks for all the fish, Brexit  
The Brexit 50p should commemorate the PATRIOTS that made it happen. Let's stick it to those BLOODY UNELECTED EU BUREAUCRATS. Share if you agree.  
We are fighting for an Exit from Brexit to avoid this unnecessary damage to the economy and give a much-needed boost to the UK’s public finances and household incomes.  #Budget2018 
For anybody interested in how Brexit has impacted on the island of Ireland and what is at stake in the negotiations, Prof @BrigidLaffan ‘s highly illuminating new piece in The Political Quarterly.  
The world has a really bad case of “the others” right now. Othering gave us Trump, othering led to Brexit, and now othering resulted in Jair Bolsonaro. Stop letting fear dictate your future. #EleNunca. 
Addict of paranoid identity politics furious at yet more evidence that Britain is a tolerant, decent, fair-minded, welcoming and overwhelmingly non-racist country. Her effort to paint 17.4m Brexit voters as bigots just collapsed.  
This is what £1 will be worth after Brexit....  
Memo to Philip Hammond: You’re quoted in the DT as saying (re a WTO Brexit) “If companies are unable to trade with Europe...”. But you know damn fine that every country on earth can trade with the EU. To imply otherwise is pure Remoaner propaganda. Deliberate misrepresentation 
The Scottish media has a sector it focuses on for each issue in order to run a pro-Union narrative.Indy means oil/shipbuildingBrexit means fishingBudget means whiskyExpect whisky to be headlined by BBC Scotland this evening and for Scottish Tories to feature prominently. 
I have nothing against a Brexit commemorative coin - just like I'm looking forward to blue passports again - but this time it is Brexit voters who will think they are being played. Appealing symbols used in a bid to mask a wholesale sell-out of Brexit. We won't fall for it.  
Philip Hammond is about to repeat the lie that Brexit would help the NHS.Even though the British Medical Association, the Royal College of Nurses and BASIC MATHS says otherwise.#Budget2018 
Down here the GMB reps told a local LD PPC due to speak at the Appledore Shipyard protest NOT to mention Brexit. They told him he would be refused the platform. The loss of jobs is Brexit related, and the GMB don't want Labour or Corbyn linked to it.  
It is entirely appropriate that the Brexit 50p is some slapdash, Times New Roman bullshit that nobody has put much thought into. I presume everyone on Twitter is already furiously working on a Photoshopped pisstake so I don't have to?  
The only design that makes sense for the Brexit 50p  
I cannot wait for all the British commentators advising us that #Merkel 's decision not to stand for re-election will change everything about #Brexit . Trust me on this one: it won‘t. 
And anyway a second Brexit vote is going nowhere....hence the SNP know we need #Indyref2 
Social care is already suffering a staffing crisis. #Brexit would make it worse by cutting off “low skilled” care workers from the EU.It begs the questions; who will look after our sick and elderly if we leave the EU?#PeoplesVote 
Millions of #Remainers are deeply worried about the rise of the far-right, facilitated by #Brexit, which threatens our democratic rights.We don't want cake. Be nice if you could stand in solidarity with us Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. 
I just published "Brexit: Re-opening Ireland’s ‘English Question’" in "The Political Quarterly".  
IMO it is corruption that is opening the doors to the far right. Brazil, US, UK (Brexit). But the corrupt will not root out corruption. Eyes can’t see themselves. 
What’s the point in the Brexit 50p when in the near dystopian future of the UK coins will become obsolete and the only recognised currency will be teeth, batteries and vital organs? #ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins 
#ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins Brexit 50p #BrexitCoin 
"The people are demanding the final say. The politicians must listen."ICYMI: The Independent's petition for a Final Say on Brexit reachesONE MILLION signatures over the weekend  
 Stop moaning! I,for one,can’t wait wait to get my Brexit 50p coin, cast in fool’s gold and emblazoned with the head of a dejected unicorn. 
A Brexit 50p coin is a wonderful idea, however this government will debase and short change the British people with Brexit in name only. 
My pitch for what should be written on the back of the Brexit 50p  
Brexit:When you lose every advantage you have built up over 40 years of trade but you gain a blue passport and a celebratory 50 pence piece.  
The only acceptable #Budget2018 is long-term investment into transport & industry in the North, South West, Wales and Northern Ireland. But that kind of change requires an economy that isn't f****d by Brexit. 
We have talked endlessly about the white working-class who opted for Brexit but completely ignored the 1 in 3 black and minority ethnic voters who did the same With that in mind, this event looks brilliant  
Ooh a new Brexit 50p, that'll help us get over losing our jobs, the economy tanking, chaos at the ports, hard border in Northern Ireland, oh don't forget the added bonus of a shiny new blue passport, god help us #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #brexitchaos #ToriesOut 
When you read the news about a commemorative Brexit 50p coin...  
Really clever how the new #Brexit 50p is designed with serrated edges for attacking people in the exciting new Mad Max world we’re going into.  
Promised £350m. Getting 50p.Brexit in a nutshell! 
The EU doesn’t want the UK to reduce taxes or simplify regulation after Brexit because that would give UK businesses an ‘unfair advantage’.“I think that was kind of the point” says @LowTaxChloe 
THANK YOU Drs @sarahwollaston @Dr_PhilippaW @PaulWilliamsMP @DrPhillipLeeMP for tabling this #FinalDealReferendum amendment demanding #InformedConsent. Glad to see 100 MPs from across the Commons already support it. Let's please ask ALL our MPs to do so too. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
#ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoinsA wheelbarrow to carry your worthless new Brexit currency in.  
Brexit the great British deception, with the promise of Utopia. The wheels have already fallen off but Brexiteers will still push it to the top of a mountain only to find it’s a cliff edge. They will then make sacrifice. This is how civilisations end. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Phillip Hammond to read all of Ulysses out at budget launch as it makes way more sense than a Brexit budget 
TV legend, Chris Tarrant has converted from a Remainer to a "staunch Brexiteer", says he's "appalled" by the behaviour of the "European elite" since the Brexit vote and admits "there’s a point at which we have to control our borders." Support us at  
Important #Budget today. Opportunity for Hammond to be brave & cut taxes for businesses. Britain can and should have a competitive advantage post-Brexit #CutTaxes 
New commemorative one pound coin. (shape indicates post-Brexit value of UK pound)  
When will the penny drop that the only 'benefits' Brexit will bring are pathetic symbolic claptrap like:- Brexit coins- Blue passports- Brexit festival of Britain  
Special 50p coin expected to mark Brexit  
So the only two things that are actually deliverable from Brexit are blue passports and a 50p coin with the phrase “Friendship with All Nations” on it which are both things we could have as members of the EU!! 
A Brexit 50p to applaud the UK's departure from the EU would be commemorative. A clean Brexit that enables our country to compete effectively with the Rest of the World (where 90% of global economic growth is occurring) would be invigorating and worthy of genuine celebration. 
As Hammond announces a new 50p coin to celebrate Brexit; Jeremy Corbyn reveals what the 50p coin will look like if he becomes Prime Minister  
Seriously, these people are treating the British public like stupid children."Ooh would you like a shiny new "Brexit 50p" or a sparkly blue passport? Daddy will take you to a nice Brexit festival after so you'll forget all about losing your job and the son the NHS couldn't save" 
LOL at the number of Tory MPs declaring online that the Chequers approach to Brexit is a terrible betrayal of our nation, yet failing to state that the PM should be replaced. Putting office politics ahead of the future of the country. Ridiculous. 
It’s Monday.And back on the planet. Have been on a planet called ‘England’ which seemed a million miles away from the real world. Brexit topic avoided like the plague apparently, except among the like-minded. A general sense of chaos and doom. Sad.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
“Under the Chequers proposals we are about to fail the number one test of Brexit, & to fulfil a promise that was made by both sides in the referendum...We must chuck Chequers forthwith.”⁦ @BorisJohnson⁩ 
A glimpse of the new Brexit 50p coin.  
Brexit (not just a no-deal #Brexit) will be a disaster for #SocialCare sector, leaving women at a particular disadvantage, argues @lucianaberger : 
This is so sad, or desperate, or both: Philip Hammond set to announce new 50 pence coin to commemorate Brexit  
They're bringing out a Brexit 50p coin. It will due out in one year's time... Correction 2 year's time...Nope 5 year's time... Hang on, my mistake it's a Euro. 
Sarah Smith nipping at Barroso for the EU to 'change its position' in #Brexit negotiations on #r4today - genuinely, why should it? It's been very clear for years, well before Brexit vote. 
Government unveils new coin worth 50 pence after Brexit.  
Despite the worthy inscription, any coin associated with Brexit is going to infuriate half the nation. There’s a reason we don’t put matters of controversy on our money. But good sense is junked along with everything else. 
A new 50p coin. Fuck me. They're determined to make us love Brexit, aren't they?Surprised they haven't announced compulsory tattoos for everyone... 
Yay the 50p coin, or as previously known before the Brexit vote, the £1  
Not sure it's worth listening to #Budget2018. The wool 2B pulled over the eyes of the #Brexit sheep.All is well.This #BrexitShambles will cost the future £billions.The gap must be covered by more tax & borrowing..no doubt deferred; paid for by lost Rights & Jobs#StopBrexit 
On "Brexit Day" a new quirky annual national game will be inaugurated. Nigel Farage will be strapped bent over a barrel with his mustard trousers down. Players will attempt to throw a new brexit50p into his gaping void in an attempt to make him STFU #ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins 
Totally disingenuous of Health Secretary Matt Hancock to claim on #r4today that a ‘good’ Brexit deal will lead to more money for the NHS. The government’s OWN FIGURES show that every form of Brexit will damage the economy. There is no such thing as a ‘good’ Brexit for the NHS. 
It is the #Budget today, it would be great if the Treasury actually announced some preparation for #Brexit, you know, things like tariffs, VAT etc.i mean, its 5 months away, and @PhilipHammondUK has actually said very little, if anything, about real preparations #Budget2018 
Although the value of a Brexit 50p will go down faster than Boris Johnson's status, let's consider #ThingsToBuyWithBrexitCoins Please RT 
What do I want to see Hammond do? Cut corporation tax, cut capital gains tax and cut income tax, not only will growth jump – reducing the impact of a no-deal Brexit – but it will also suck investment out of the EU and towards the UK.That’s what Brussels is really frightened of. 
Brexit 50p announced.  Dear Government, PLEASE stop stealing our ideas. Please don't make us send you yet another cease & desist letter.#Brexit50p 
As indeed Article 50 was s trap, designed to delay and impede Brexit so it can be overturned. While we are still members legislation will be introduced that it is intended to lumber us with later. 
Copied from a friend:Brexit Timeline:2013: Cameron asked EU not to include UK offshore trusts in the EU-wide crackdown on tax avoidance. EU says 'No'.2014 October: Aaron Banks donates £1m to UKIP.2015 October:...  
What's the point of the brexit 50p coin? What on Earth does it achieve? The Tories would rather come up with pointless ideas like this than actually do a good job running the country it would appear. 
“Malcolm, Philip Hammond is going to announce that we’re marking Brexit with a commemorative 50p coin!”  
*How it feels waking up every morning in Brexit Britain*  
Wow. A new 50p Brexit coin and blue passports. This Brexit thing is an absolute bonanza for everyone. Brexit means bread and circuses.  
Now a commemorative #BrexitCoin that says ‘friendship with all nations’..... does no-one in the focus groups that decide these things just keel over under the crippling weight of the hypocrisy? Brexit has never been about friendship with anyone... not even within this nation. 
And the Brexidiots thought Australia was going to be our Post-Brexit buddy... Australia’s banks begin relocating functions from London; CBA chooses Amsterdam for post-Brexit EU hub while others eye Frankfurt and Dublin. 
“To those in Cabinet who campaigned with me for Brexit: @michaelgove, @LiamFox, @DominicRaab, @EstherMcVey1, @PennyMordaunt & @andrealeadsom. It’s in your hands now. Don’t give up. Don’t give in. And please don’t let us down” @LowTaxChloe#StandUp4Brexit 
'Friendship with all nations' will be written on the Brexit 50p coin. But can you think of something more appropriate? Your suggestions please  
I don’t understand all this Brexit doom & gloom, I’ve just bought myself a property in Mayfair and a hotel in Park Lane ...now if a can buy the water works I’ll have this game won  
Brexit’s lead economist Prof Patrick Minford on UK car industry:“You are going to have to run it down ... in the same way we ran down the coal industry and steel industry. These things happen.”This is the neoliberal Brexit plan. 
The UK government is to unvail a special brexit 50p coin. It will be worth 3 actual pence and engraved with famous brexit sayings like 'Fuck you remoaners' and 'stop saying we got tricked by a bus' 
Exciting news about the Brexit 50p with a first picture of what it looks like.  
After #Brexit everyone born in Northern Ireland will have Irish citizenship and continuing EU rights and protection. So what’s all this nonsense from the DUP about ‘wanting no difference from the rUK?’ 
STOP THE BLOODY INFURIATING DECEPTION!! @ScotToriesWHO'S THE POT OR THE KETTLE?@Conservatives POLICY IS TO RE-JOIN THE CFP POST-BREXIT AS PART OF THE TRANSITION YOU PROPOSED!UNTIL THIS IS DITCHED OR MP's VOTE IT DOWN (AS FISHING INDUSTRY DEMAND) YOU'RE AS BAD AS THE @theSNP  
Is it my anti-Brexit bias coming out, or does this new 50p coin actually look like a rough draft of a half-baked idea with no design flair whatsoever?  
Spreadsheet Phil: “It’s time we had an honest conversation with voters about why we can’t have Nordic levels of state spending for US levels of taxation”.Special adviser: “Errr..why not launch a new 50p coin to mark Brexit day instead?”Spreadsheet Phil: “Yeah. That’s easier“. 
We face a national emergency in Brexit, affecting everyone from newborns to centinarians.Brexit’s going to amplify every other “national emergency”, and make permanent austerity the new normal.So stop nibbling around the edges, and get a grip on the elephant in the room! 
As the lights are flickering across the liberal world, as Britain feels trapped in our own such moment, it’s painful to reflect that the self-inflicted retreat and isolation of Brexit couldn’t come at a worse time. Brexit won’t bring any of the wider solutions we all need. / 
Talk about unhinged!! The New European purports to be a serious Newspaper. Brexit means we could run out of toilet paper in the UK | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European   
Checks calendar... nope it’s not 1st AprilHow do they actually write this rubbish with a straight face?Interesting fact though that the average Brit uses twice as much toilet roll as our continental cousins. Another reason to Brexit. 
So now we have 2 #brexit benefits:1 a blue passport we could have had anyway.2 a commemorative „50pence brexit coin“ that’s now worth 20% of what it was worth pre-referendum.Jesus wept what a country.  
On Budget Day we take a #Brexit look at EU's 2017 expenditure. MPs didn't even get a vote on that - meaningful or otherwise. A must-read:  
These are the much sought for ‘Brexit dividends’. A blue passport that won’t allow you to go anywhere and a stupid coin that is worth much less than it was before. Like everything with brexit, a reminder that we will lose what we once had. #brexitlogic 
Good Morning.A hilarious start to the day. What do you think of the celebratory New Brexit 50p Coin?  
"He’s not coming at this with a great pool of trust, he’s coming at this from a Treasury that’s been discredited by an anti-Brexit approach. To say 'I can do clever things if you do as you are told' is the wrong approach" @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#StandUp4Brexit 
Aussies begun folding up their deck chairs ahead of Brexit: CBA to move London unit to Amsterdam, Macquarie to Dublin, Westpac to Frankfurt  
That special Brexit 50p coin will be worth about 36p, so a perfect tribute then 
Wow. Top civil service job handed over without any formal recruitment progress...a source rationalising this decision: “we have a prime minister who is incredibly shy, she basically needs people she knows”Brexit: the excuse for breaking down law & order. 
Brexit so far amounts to: a blue passport, a cheap looking 50p coin and a shitty festival on the South bank. 
The idea of celebrating Brexit in any shape or form is offensive to half the country and a slap on the face to our nearest neighbours and partners in the EU. In my case it's an insult to my immediate EU citizen family and EU professionals I've worked with for 20 years.  
Nearly half of the public still believes the message Vote Leave plastered on the side of a bus during the referendum campaign.  
This is the proposed new 50p coin to celebrate leaving the EU... What words would you put on a Brexit coin?@JuliaHB1 |  
Honestly, Andrew, "FT backs Brexit"? #DrivenBonkersByBrexit 
Meanwhile the FT still backs Brexit - & is calling for ‘any deal’ rather than a people’s vote with an option to stop Brexit. Lionel & his pro-Tory leader-writers are all pose, little substance  
When people voted for Brexit over 2 years ago what did they vote for? A Norway, Switzerland, Canada, WTO or even a ‘Chequers’ deal? No one knows least of all May and the Brexiters. That’s why it must be put back to the people. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
I'm sure Theresa May will be one of the first to visit this grotesque fascist to grovel for a deal in our desperate, lonely Brexit future.  
I open debate in House of Lords this evening on concerns about the lack of impartiality by Ofcom as regulator of the BBC & deep concern that its chair & ex deputy chair (Lord Burns & Lady Noakes) have been voting for Brexit in the Lords 
Why is Mrs May not in prison?Why is Mr Johnson not in prison?Why is Mr Gove not in prison? Why is Mr Farage not in prison?Why is Mr Baker not in prison?Why is Mr Raab not in prison?Why is Mr Davis not in prison?#Brexit is a crime scene.I demand a #PeoplesVote 
Remember: a pro-brexit extremist & neo-Nazi murdered pro-remain MP Jo Cox, and 52% of UK voters ignored the warning and voted for brexit anyway. 
PutinErdoganModiDuterte TrumpSalviniBrexitViktor ObanMBSXi JinpingShinzo AbeThe world is creeping closer to fascism and there is no one in the left who is capable enough of opposing it. 
5 months to go before #brexit but here’s a positive thought. The threat of no deal was aimed at scaring us into accepting a deal - it hasn’t work. We still know membership is the best deal  
Just when you think #Brexit has exhausted all the ways to embarrass & demean Britain...,...they find another one.  
For Halloween my costume is going to be your Brexit. Meaning that I'm going to light the fuse on a barrel of gunpowder, insert it in my bottom, and expect Europe to explode. 
Crashing out of the EU with no Brexit agreement is an alarming prospect for Britain's banks  
Brexit = No End to Austerity. For a long, long time. 
Weak argument. @EAukot was in charge of secretariat as CEO of the COE. There was a commission with a chair and hundreds of stakeholders who crafted the 2010 constitution. Kenyans then overwhelmingly voted for it. Diverting attention is a strategy to hijack referendum agenda.  
People close to @lopezobrador_ repeatedly told me that a major reason he and his transition team wanted a #Nafta deal concluded before he took office was to avoid the risk of a crisis of confidence in markets.How will they view market reaction to the airport referendum results? 
LOL So #brexitdividends include:Blue passports #Brexit stampsA shiny 50p coinWorkers/human rights strippedPoverty RationingRiots 
I label the BBC as "The Biased Brexit Corporation," for there unremitting support for Brexit and their blatant disregard for popular opinions. Am I wrong... 
SNP support for Brexit vote is 'wake up call' for Scottish Labour  
Wanted - a ‘popular front’ to fight Brexit  
“In the face of this alarming trend, BC’s upcoming referendum offers a radical alternative: more democracy. [O]ur province could become the first jurisdiction in North America to adopt Pro Rep – and bring some much needed light in worrying times.” #bcpoli 
JUST IN: In a non-legally binding 4 day referendum organized privately by AMLO’s transition team, close to 70% vote vs continuing new Mexico City’s International Airport, largest infrastructure project of EPN’s Administration. Many see it as 1st sign of AMLO’s style of governing  
This coin would look great with an image of Eton on it and the Brexit bunch of Rees-Smug, Johnson, Gove and Davis projected over it meanly laughing straight into your face and the words: “In Lies we Trust” on the edge. 
Media & our elites are not interested in listening to the people – only in arrogantly telling us what to believe. That is what is making the establishment shudder – that their self-serving narrative is being shot downBrexitTrumpOrbanSalviniBolsonaroThe Future is bright... 
The EU official in charge of winding down failing banks has warned them that in the turmoil after a no deal Brexit EU regulators will not be able to help them cope. Poor banks. They must hope that the Italian crisis doesn’t come along at the same time. The end could be nigh. 
'National daydreams, such as the collective fantasy of Brexit that has gripped roughly half of the British nation for several years, can cause serious damage to millions of people.' 
House of Commons officials have told MPs they cannot veto a no deal Brexit even if they vote against May’s deal. There is no mechanism to prevent it. Oh good! 
State aid rules wouldn’t stop #Labour delivering its manifestoThis was the conclusion of @ABiondi65 and @AndDT in their study at  I’m RT as some people still not picking up on this. #StateAid #Nationalisation @jeremycorbyn #brexit #EUlaw @labour4europe 
Hannan said we'd keep the benefits of the Single Market post Brexit.After leading Vote Leave, a campaign which convinced millions to vote Brexit to protect public funded healthcare, he now leads a group calling for the NHS to be bought by American Firms. 
Brexit, then a NYC Real Estate developer reality TV star becomes US President, a 32 Yr old Austrian, a comedian in Italy and now a man who gets stabbed campaigning runs from his hospital bed becomes Brazil President. People are desperate 4 change & to end establishment globalism. 
Need a deep dive into electoral systems before you vote in the referendum?Our series examines the proposed options new to B.C., the effectiveness of first-past-the-post and how New Zealand has fared since it chose a new system. #bcpoli 
The election of far-right racist fascist misogynistic homophobic Bolsonaro as President of Brasil is devastating for the poorest & most vulnerable. It's another Trump Brexit moment - these events are linked - everyman for himself! No room for others :-( 
Tory Cllr Bob Brawn, P&K Council: 'Growth in the Scottish economy is now so low it is riding on the coat-tails of the UK economy'Also Cllr Brawn: '...and what does the SNP Government in Holyrood offer? Marches through the streets of Scottish cities demanding another referendum'  
The Daily Express is a Bannonite rag, whose owner personally tried to recruit me in 2016 for UKIP because I was so pro Brexit. Called me up. I told him Farage was stealing money and working with Russia and asked him how as a Jew he could tolerate UKIP’s antisemítism. #NeverTrump 
Chancellor to reveal special Brexit 50p coin. Can we not have these back instead?   
How Bolsonaro won in Brazil. A great piece by ⁦@londonoe⁩ and ⁦@ShastaReports⁩. It’s not Trump, not Brexit, not Salvini. Every country is different and explaining it properly is an important service to the reader.  
Bolsonaro win is another shot to the globalists. Brexit, President Donald Trump, Giuseppe Conte and now Bolsonaro. 
This year from Patrick Melrose, Brexit, Venezia and now Ironbark, his hairstyles have changed lotsTbh, I love his own natural curls the mostBut I admire his passion for acting and he’s never afraid to change his appearance for his works#BenedictCumberbatch 
Brexit preceded Trump. Will Bolsonaro precede a GOP win this November? 
MPs in plot to thwart Brexit by tabling amendment to referendum  via @MailOnline 
I'm genuinely terrified #brexit is pushing our country into very, very dark times, and handing our future to the far right. If I'm wrong, and over-reacting, then all that's happened is I've had some sleepless nights the last couple of years.But what if I'm not wrong? 
Brexit 'Proudly' Explained by a Dog*  
The budget tomorrow will promise everything, but not now, all to start in 2020, by which time they'll have gone back on it all! They're trying to buy popularity & the support of other MPs for their shit version of brexit on a promise soon to be broken!Smoke & mirrors my friends! 
Doctors across parties in Parliament want the #Brexit deal to be subject to a #peoplesvote once we know what we’re signing up for. The deal won’t fulfil Leave campaign promises. So it would be wrong to proceed without #InformedConsent based on the facts 
German companies have begun preparing for #NoDealBrexit, decoupling themselves from British firmsBrexit - die Zeit wird knapp  
Brexit: Expectation v Reality  
Colourful language!! ..... but, PLEASE don't start a #Brexit debate over this.... Agree or Disagree, Love it or Hate it, Leave or Remain.... just enjoy it for what it is....  
and to his supporters it's precisely the opposite of burning it all down - it's going back to the good old days of the great nation and stopping the slide into degeneracy. and the same reactionary idea is seen all over the place most obviously with trump and Brexit 
I DON’T WANT A FUCKING BREXIT COIN, STOP PANDERING TO NATIONALISTS  
The greatest tragedy of Brexit is that almost none of the national shortcomings that drove the Leave vote had anything to do with the EU.In fact, just the reverse, the EU programmes were often there to alleviate problems. 
70% of Times readers support a 2nd  referendum. Even I'm surprised!  
Perhaps Derek Thomas thinks he'll get a warmer reception from UKIP than he does from the voters of St Ives when he deigns to appear among them - as he did here, unwisely, with King of the  #Brexit Liars Boris Johnson.#PeoplesVote #Cornwall 
Wow! The public really is waking up to the realities of a Brexit tainted by corruption, cheating and deceitful politicians.   
They already have a brexit 50p coin. It's called a pound 
If I am wrong about #Brexit you can laugh at me and call me a fool. If you are wrong then you must face criminal charges. 'Respect for the vote' is no defence. 
Philip Hammond is going to announce a 50p Brexit coin in the budget. Our country is doomed but we'll have a new picture on our shrapnel. The politics of fucking madness. pic.twitter.com/vlEOXgoq5i 
Unlike Brexit, Blexit won’t require a vote. Only a flow. A natural movement away from the psychological hold of the Democrat Party.Democrats want blacks to consider themselves oppressed. Candace and Kanye say that just holds you back. Get past that. It’s a lie. You can fly. 
Which is why #Parliament had to approve and consent to referendum result.And Parliament can undo that consent, too. Nothing to stop them...except #politics.#ParliamentIsSovereign#Article50 
Desperately sad for #Brazil, #America and the looming disaster of #Brexit We live in dangerous times. 
The was no decison to leave in the referendum; and there was no decison to leave in the notification act. The decision to leave was made by the PM alone as an executive act. We went to court last June. And we proved that. That’s not constitutional. 
All the more reason to remain in the EU and work to make Europe a bastion of democracy in a world heading towards depotism, kleptocracy and fascism. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
A lot of Brits wanted Brexit, problem is, our representatives in Parl't are so out of touch, & so up themselves, that they've decided to think for us, rather than acting on the instruction we gave them.  
Nexus: Bolsonaro was advised xenophobic Nationalist Steve Bannon... Just like Trump. Just like Brexit.... Just like Le Pen.... Failing democracies. Rising authoritarians  
Fascism is transatlantic and has seized control of part of the mainstream right on either side of the Atlantic. It must be fought relentlessly. There must be no tolerance of fascists. Given half a chance they would crush democracy and end free speech. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
*Brexit Explained by a Dog*  
#Bolsonaro #Trump #Brexit the world has gone mad. 
#Brexit it's no use blaming anyone else it's your baby you fucking own it pic.twitter.com/0MLDqwmjR0 
Time we addressed the issue of how we import and distribute insulin - we don’t make it here - post a no-deal Brexit  
The new Brexit 50p coin… this is half a Thomas Jefferson quote. the whole one is: "Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations; entangling alliances with none”  
Twice as many Brits want PM Theresa May to replaced before Brexit than ‘those who want her to stay’  
Sorry, this tweet makes me want to headbutt the wall. Whenever I read an fbpe’r quote the term ‘brexit’, I hear the word ‘bwexit’ in my head, like the word of a child, with childlike understanding. This horrific tweet is why its essential to remove the Tories at all costs #http 
The only positive thing to say about this is that it will be made in Llantrisant: Philip Hammond will announce special Brexit 50p coin to mark Britain's exit from EU  
UK served A50 notice to #leave. Gina Miller aided that by insisting it became law after parliamentary vote rather than executive authorisation. The withdrawal act 2018 repeals the European communites act 72. The EU is expunged on 29 mar 2019. That’s the law! #PeoplesVote #brexit  
Exemption from this new European tax directive is what the ultra right and the rich want for themselves. Brexit is their way to get it.European commission to crack down on offshore tax avoidance  
With threats to food supplies, fears of medecine shortages and the potential for tens of thousands of job losses; the UK Government is to launch a new #Brexit 50p coin. This must be what the Tories mean by 'getting on with the day job'.  
In the spirit of the practical effects of Brexit, it will only be worth 45p  
#Yoruba Has Banned 2019 Presidential Election In Nigeria Until Oduduwa Referendum Is Conducted,YOLICOM, God bless the republic of #Biafra the new nation to emerge in West #Africa 
We watched and did nothing as BBC gave a platform to Nigel Farage 24/7 before the 2015 election & Brexit referendum. Now far-right extremism is on the rise. Yet the #BBC & News Xchange are hosting Steve Bannon in 17 days time in Scotland!  Enough. Speak up now and #MakeAFuss 
A Brexit coin... ‘special’ because it will probably shrink in value while still in your pocket  
"it was going to be a pound coin but a pound will only be worth 50p after Brexit!!!"there, I've done it, I've taken one for the team, it's out the way now, let's move on, thanks  
We had the Panama PapersWe had the expose on the City of London laundering ~40% of Worlds Dark MoneyWe had notification of impending EU Anti Tax Avoidance DirectiveWe had panic in the CityWe got #Brexit ReferendumYou figured it out yet? 
Bill Carmichael: Forget Brexit. Bullying of Italy could seal the EU’s fate - Yorkshire Post #WeStandWithItaly 
I voted for Labour in the last GE in the hope that they would see sense on Brexit. Today I gave up on the idea that the Labour leadership would officially put the UK's future first. For the first time in my life I joined a political party, the @LibDems who want a #PeoplesVote 
I'm going to forget #Brexit for a minute and remind you of tory austerity, three of my mates (all veterans) have committed suicide after being found fit for work, I've seen the explosion in #foodbanks, the misery of #UniversalCredit, if you vote tory, your complicit, fuck you. 
Please please do this. Write to your MPs, call their office, book a surgery appointment. Most MPs know brexit is wrong and worse for their constituents but need to be given courage to stand up and say it!Especially do this if you're #remainernow#WriteThisWrong 
Nationalism is what #Brexit is about.True patriots, who love our country , should fight to #StopBrexit If you are proud of the UK, if you want our country to be prosperous, to have greater international influence.... Then #BackBritainNotBrexit 
Hammond: UK will need to ANOTHER Budget if there is a no deal BrexitMore Project Fear from Chief bean counting Remoaner!   
Excl: Philip Hammond to unveil a special 50p Brexit coin in his Budget; 
It is rather scary that Brexit is being used as an excuse to set aside the rules - where will this lead? 
Aggression? I would call it assertiveness. But then I'm not one of the #FBPE brigade obessesed with tearing into Corbyn rather than a Govt actually delivering a chaotic Brexit.  
Referendums on international treaties are banned in Italy following their use by Mussolini to manipulate the population. So a brexit style vote would never have happened there. We understand why now. #FBPE 
The Conservatives failed the country by choosing a Remainer to lead the Brexit negotiations. Theresa May exacerbated the situation by choosing a Remainer to be Chancellor:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Harecoarsing for the pot part of the Ladybird #Brexit survival skills series p  
“Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in post-Brexit @WTO projects. Have you not heard of it in the press? Really? Strange...” @ThomasPride in @PMPmagToday. #WTO #Brexit #Moldova 
Furthermore, let me add that my father Barry Thomas was the script editor of "Z Cars", "East Enders" etc. Worked for the BBC all his career. First to adapt "How Green Was My Valley" for BBC TV in 1959.  I am from a BBC family and disgusted at Brexit bias of BBC!  @BremainInSpain 
Pride was huge in Taipei at the weekend! Taiwan LGBT Pride drew a crowd of over 100,000 people, ahead of a nationwide referendum on #marriageequality there next month.  
#ToryBritain -DOUBLED DEBT in just 8 years-lost AAA ratings-inflicted BREXIT uncertainty!-Home Ownership at record low-80% Self Employed deemed poor-Millions in full time work struggling to pay bills-17mn with less than £100 in savings-State Pensions one of the worst! 
Mogg knows Brexit is going to be a disaster which is why we need a #peoplesvote.  Watch him squirm when @Channel4News question him.  Why do we never see interviews like this on the BBC? 
Listen, please  Brexiters, Remainers, Remoaners, Leavers, Quitters, Snowflakes..All of you..strip away the illusion that you had a "say" in 2016....(a referendum nicely designed and pre-fixed)WE WERE USED to provide an excuse..Do not be silent. #stopbrexit#peoplesvote 
McDonnell tweeted this in August but the massacre in the synagogue makes such a campaign urgentThe Far-Right in the UK & USA are growing stronger & before its too late, all of us on the Left, even if we disagree on issues like Brexit, #Indyref2 etc...need to unite and stop them 
UK: Brexit is the worst example of citizens voting in favor of their own detriment.US: Hold my beer.Brasil: Segura MINHA cerveja#NotHim #EleNão 
Great 3 days campaigning for people’s vote in Scotland. Packed meetings in Aberdeen, Perth, Edinburgh, Glasgow. Strong support for a ‘popular front’ to stop Brexit through a people’s vote. Next, 2 days of Brexit debates in House of Lords, then campaigning in Cornwall! 
The ladybird book of #BREXIT DAY  
The front page of your National tomorrow ... SNP respond to Labour peer's calls for a united front against Brexit  
Same here. I've grown up with the @BBC - There was a time when Brian Redhead & John Timpson were the best news broadcasters on @BBCr4today - I listened to them on the morning that John Lennon was murdered before going to school. I had 100% trust in their news but now 0% #Brexit 
Ireland, I know we don't deserve it, but could you show us how to run a referendum?  
My Opinion: There is no denying that a Final Say on Brexit is the true will of the people  
It's not just brexit. It actively overstates the position of the German right wingers and downplays the massive surge in German Green Party electoral success, even tonight in Hesse 
Until the last few years, I would have defended @BBCNews vehemently and passionately against accusations of bias. But their behaviour over Brexit has been appalling.  
Another 7 days have passed. So.  DO enough Conservative MPs have the guts to stand up + save Brexit?  
I doubt BBC News in its current form will survive Brexit. It is so tainted by poor news values, pro-Brexit bias and weak & timid reporting by its political team afraid to offend No 10 & the Brexiters @bbclaurak 
‘I’m not an expert’ says B.C. minister quizzed on proportional representation |  - most people Global talked to didn’t even know a referendum was taking place.    
How on earth would a Commons amendment for a second referendum pass?  It wouldn't, would it James and you're smart enough to know that. Yet you criticise someone for not making a futile gesture.  Only removing the tory government will slow or stop brexit. Only way. 
Chequers will hamstring business forever by tying us to the Little Europeans Club. It breaks manifesto commitments and countless promises from the PM. It has to be ditched. Well done Boris for fighting it#ChuckChequers #StandUp4Brexit#Brexit 
It’s official then “we may not see the benefits of brexit for 50 years” - Jacob Rees mogg - what a dissembling idiot  
Spotted in Stanmore woods Harrow this week by mushroom pickers. In a Jewish area. We've got a fight on and it's part of brexit. #fbpe @JewishChron 
Thanks so much! There's not much time left. We have to get a lot more vocal. The #PeoplesVoteMarch sent a sign not only to politicians here, but also in the EU. And that is equally (quite possibly more) important. We need more such public displays of resistance against Brexit.  
2016 Brexiters didn't say "Such a close result, sorry about the campaign, clearly no mandate for Hard Brexit. How can we make this work for everyone?"2016 Brexiters did say "Fuck the Remoaners, it's gonna be Hard Brexit or a no deal so suck it up you unpatriotic losers" 
I caught up with Anne Marie Waters who believes the REAL THREAT to Britain is NOT Brexit, it's Islam.She makes some really valid points.Full vid   
Leaving the EU without an agreement probably wouldn’t allow for a Brexit transition period and could cause chaos in financial markets  
The Sunday Times polled its readers on #Brexit and #PeoplesVote , but the result didn’t go the way Murdoch expected, so they published it at the bottom of an inside page... 
honestly this is the biggest voting scam in the uk after brexit #xfactor 
A huge chunk of nearly 13,000 readers of a Murdoch press title can’t be wrong...Whether you were a leaver or a remainer, a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal is the most democratic next step NB Answer to next week’s poll is also YES  
Brexit has seen a real boom on both sides of “twee British nationalism” sentiment/anecdotes, where ‘British’ always means ‘English’, huh. 
Italy GOADS EU bureaucrats over fines from Brussels: 'We'll pay in 10 cent coins!'Better still, pay in Italian lira!#Itexit#Brexit #EU 
I saw what a fighter @thatginamiller was long before Brexit. It didn't surprise me at all that when it came to it - when so many people were too afraid to say or do anything - she took on the Government and won. An intelligent, principled and very brave lady.  
It is 2020. Adequate food has now completely run out in Brexit Britain.Trump and Jong lead an international task force to dig up remains with which to feed a rioting populace.Cilla calls dibs on Emu.... 
A cross-party group of MPs will attempt to force a second EU referendum by tabling an amendment to the Brexit bill. The move could enshrine a second Brexit vote on the Prime Minister’s deal with Brussels in law. #PeoplesVote  
And how come we get a referendum when we don't really understand the implications and consequences but don't get a referendum when we understand 
Labour, Tory and SNP MPs launch a plan to try to force a second referendum to choose between Theresa May's deal or staying in the EU These Remoaners are NOT even WILLING to implement the result of the 2016 referendum that they LOST  via @MailOnline 
Londoners with jobs are lining up for food handouts because they can't afford to eat 
In the event of a No Deal Brexit the small Kent town will be demolished brick by brick. 
REMAINER HATECaroline Flint, received a death threat from a Remainer after saying she'd back Theresa May's Brexit deal. The Labour MP, who voted to stay in the EU, revealed that she'd got a chilling threat to hang her just because she wanted to respect the Brexit result.  
You are a #Brexit MP.You voted through A50 with no plan.You voted through the Brexit deal with no help for five million Brits & #EU27 citizens.You still have no plan, are trashing the economy and companies are leaving the UK.There is a lot to blame you for.#PeoplesVote 
Hi everyone in politics can Brexit be over so we can go back to talking about all the stuff that actually inspires me in politics like education and housing and innovation regards, Ellie xoxo 
Brexit is like going for a walk with friends and you tell them it’s going to rain; and then it rains and you say you should turn back; and people keep quiet, waiting for a majority to vote for turning back; not wanting to openly be part of that majority, but wanting to go home. 
Bristol company needs to set up new warehouse in Germany to honour next day delivery in Europe, after Brexit. 85 staff in their current depot. How many more companies will face the same problems?  
Editorial: The Independent’s Final Say petition has reached a million signatures, proving the people deserve a second referendum  
Laura, the BBC do allow Remainers to be called Remoaners, it plays down our HUGE marches, it has always reported “when we leave the EU” rather than “if” despite it being an advisory referendum, you guys haven’t really paid any attention to the WTO objections, BBC is prejudiced!! 
Er, you are supporting Brexit. That makes you a Brexit MP. You can’t explain this away because of what you said 2 years ago. And yes you have weighed in behind the BBC & its Brexit coverage. Fact. Fact. Fact.  
How come we get a referendum without asking for one but don’t get a referendum when we ask?  
Well over three quarters of the way with 76,000 reached. Please sign and retweet. Thank you very much.   Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Frightening possibility! UK voted for @UKLabour and @Conservatives in GE17 because they said they would deliver #Brexit we now know they were lying again. Please support @UKIP in any election, FPTP is unfair, but if enough people believe YOU can make a difference. 
Listening to hardcore right brexiteers it’s obvious they’re strategy is to get a hard brexit, let some ‘safe Tory pair of hands’ take over till 2022... discreetly chuckle as the econ crashes and burns, then smirk as the car keys of the economic smoking ruin are thrown to Corbyn. pic.twitter.com/MTFC8y6eRA 
California is now 5th largest as we past the UK due to them shooting themselves in the foot over Brexit.  
Brexit Britain is mimicking Trumpian America.We have a Prime Minister without shameWe have a Parliament without spineWe also have a media largely without integrity. In America most of the media, (bar Fox, Breitbart etc.) is standing up for the truth. 
And never in human history has a government spent so much time and energy and money on trying to secure a Brexit deal far inferior to the one we already have with full membership of the EU.Time for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
This Conservative Govt have produced Brexit chaos and chaos to everything else.But don't worry after 8 years - they will NOW tell us they can find money to fix potholes.  
Lets make this #SocialistSunday #LexitSunday. Please RT, for a left-wing progressive brexit 
It’s amazing now austerity is suddenly over, there’s such a buzz of optimism in schools and hospitals all round the country. With Brexit coming as an added bonus, the question is: ‘can we keep a lid on the UK?’ 
The problem with Brexit is that the intelligent people are full of doubt, while the stupid people are full of confidence. 
WATCH & SHARE: Global News took to the streets with the NDP, and found the referendum on proportional representation isn’t making a lot of sense to anyone — including this NDP cabinet minister... #bcpoli #noproprep #PR4BC 
In the UK we are learning about US food standards, or lack of them, as Brexit approaches. For the record, the EU sanctioned level of  insect parts, maggots, rodent hairs or faeces in food is zero. Food poisoning occurs at 10x the level of the UK in the US. 
Nobody should be sending death threats to Caroline Flint (or anyone else), whatever their views on Brexit (or anything else):  
BREAKING. NHS chaos predicted in event of a no- deal Brexit. FOI request documents predict:- cancelled operations- extreme staff shortages - a medicines supply chain crisis Gove, Johnson & Rees Mogg - you were & you remain utter charlatans.  
My call for a ‘popular front’ against Brexit  
In 2009 referendum voters were told the specific option, chosen independently, and the electoral boundaries, dawn independently. Given those specifics voters opted 61% for status quo. No wonder NDP decided to withhold details this time. 
Cross-party MPs launch 'killer amendment' push for fresh EU referendum  
Things #Brexiters have accepted in 2 yrs#Brexit:1/ Makes us worse off2/ damages NHS3/ threatens jobs4/ Not the will of the people.We were conned. Many voted leave in good faith and have come a long way. It hurts to lose face. Reach out and unite behind #PeoplesVote 
Aged 7, my mum lived on a farm called Hilltown north of Tavistock. They took in evacuees & gave them a safe place to live. They could see the fires that my dad was trying to prevent. She loved the EU. She died before this Brexit shit.Tell and hear stories 
Making it up *again*. I was a Remainer - not a "Brexit MP" - and am certainly not an apologist for the BBC, and I don't believe it has a "pro-Brexit bias". So all three of your assertions are untrue.  
Repeal AFSPA, UAPA, NSA acts and seditions laws. Move education from concurrent list to state list. Increase health care spending to 4% of GDP. And if you are still listening amend the constitution to provide right to self determination and to hold referendum for nationalities.  
O'FLYNN"The Prime Minister’s politically dishonest BUNGLING of our EU departure [means] that the AGENDA of those who were on the LOSING side in the referendum is DICTATING the policy of Mrs May’s administration" via @BrexitCentral 
Why model your political ideology on the shitpocalypse that is BREXIT? 
The world is broken. The rise of the far right should worry us all. Nothing is going to change until we admit that our systems are broken. The rich are getting richer while more and more people live in poverty. Nope, it's not 1918, it's 2018! Depressing eh? #Brexit #Trump 
A must read article. “Asking the people to vote on Brexit again now would be the equivalent of rerunning an election, in which one party won a clear majority, before allowing the victors to form a government.”  
At the age of 17 my Dad fire-watched, extinguishing incendiary bombs during the blitz in Plymouth. He loved the EU. The only blessing of his dementia is he doesn't know about Brexit or how it will affect his carer#FSFABeehives tell how #BrexitIsPersonal 
all of these are me when someone starts talking about Brexit  
"The Brexit referendum mobilised people who hadn’t voted for years, decades, or ever before. If it is rerun, it would destroy people’s faith in democracy for a generation."Me in @ForeignPolicy on why the #PeoplesVote crew care nothing for democracy  
Yep. Ask us. Then we'll know.For me, it's #ExitFromBrexit and #PeoplesVote.But folk can vote how they want. Provided they get another vote, because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw and democracy is a process, not a single referendum.  
If there is a GE before Brexit, I can’t vote for a party that supports Brexit. In my constituency, that mean I vote for #LibDemsNow. 
The majority voted to become a free & self governing nation, its about time that all politicians respected the result. Here is a petition that a constituent sent me. Say No to a 2nd Referendum.  
Join us this Thursday for a Brexit discussion with .@GiselaStuart @KateHoeyMP and @John_Mills_JML 
Don't know where these people think Scotland will get special treatment. EU using SNP as stalking horse to undermine Brexit. Only the SNP and its nuttier followers can't see it.  
The Betrayal has been ongoing expect it to ramp up no wonder voters who voted leave are furious with the constant skulduggery! Second Brexit referendum plot to be launched by Remainer MPs after Theresa May gets a deal  
Should May get her Brexit deal, it will fall in this range and Parliament will get to see the specific impact of the deal before it votes.It would be unprecedented and unacceptable if any Labour MP knowingly voted for a deal that made their constituents poorer.#PeoplesVote 
I did the same. Joined Lib Dem because they are anti Brexit and could only afford 20 quid. That's all I gave. They are doing a lot for us  
Proportional Representation elects more Indigenous people.Be sure to vote in the B.C. mail-in referendum to improve your democracy.#PR4BC #bcpoli #reconciliation #Indigenous 
Attn: Remainers. George Soros is not only interfering in Brexit. He's a global operator now. Remainers are being played for useful idiots.  
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE BREXIT! 
#Poll In your opinion is the @BBC @BBCNews biased in favour of the #ToryGovernment & #Brexit against those wishing to argue the case to #Remain in #EuropeanUnion #YES #NO ?#Please #VoteandRetweet 
“I have every confidence that as history has proven time and time again, entrepreneurs will rise to take advantage of whatever circumstances #Brexit throws at us”.Professor Gary McEwan, Founder of Elevator 
I used to be a #Labour voter but Brexit came along. I needed a party that was pro-Europe so I chose another. I'm #LibDemsNow 
I don’t want to go blind due to Brexit | Letter  
Our petition calling for the next #Labour manifesto to pledge a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain is only 7 days old. We are already at nearly at 7,000 signatures.#Brexit could collapse this govt at any time. We need to be ready for all scenarios  
JOHN WHITTINGDALE urges Theresa May: Don't keep us in Brexit purgatory  via @MailOnline 
Just to recap.Scenarios proposed so far: minus plus plus Any of the above with extras Max fac Transition No transition Bespoke No dealWhich of these #Brexit options exactly is the "will of the people"? 
This Brexit thing is all going just tickty-boo.  #Brexitisjustticketyboo 
So the 20-odd countries that have objected to the UK's proposals to trade under WTO rules in the case of a no-deal #Brexit include the United States, China, Russia, Australia and New Zealand.This is all going splendidly. 
No the BBC is making it up - & very telling that brexit MPs like you have become apologists for the BBC in its pro-Brexit bias  
Please can people remember May's words: #Brexit means #Brexit. All #Brexits will be TERRIBLE, just in different ways and/or speeds. "Deal", "hard", "soft", "jobs", "red, white & blue" are all euphemisms for "backward, nationalistic, populist, racist, xenophobic" #Brexit. 
And there it is - the paternalistic left who think the plebs need saving from themselves. The very evil that made me vote for #Brexit 
We could be seeing the end of the establishment @Conservatives and @UKLabour as a electoral force in our country. What with so many disgruntled politicians on all sides of the fence with splits in both party’s sooner rather than later it’s bound to happen. #Brexit 
REVEALED: George Soros hands Gina Miller campaign £400,000 in desperate bid to STOP Brexit  if true this is akin to the Russia row over allegations of interfering in elections  What interest has an Hungarian American  in our internal politics  
Think of all the best pro-Remain speakers that have never got a look in on BBC Question Time and the week @DavidLammy was on they didn't do a Brexit question. #BBCQT #BBCBias 
It’s time our own government stopped this false narrative of scaremongering about no deal. There isn’t going to be a self-harming French blockade nor a hard border in Ireland.  It’s all designed to con us into accepting May’s disastrous phoney Brexit.   
Honour to be in Philadelphia updating elected representatives & others on our current political situation, they share our concerns that the rights of all citizens must be enshrined in a restored assembly & protected against Brexit.Visited the grave of Carmen native Joe McGarrity  
This is what the UK’s decline on the international scene looks like. Well done #brexit.  
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism has found that EU staff in 19 out of of 36 #NHS Trusts in #London make up more that 10% of total staffing, with the lowest percentage being 5.7%. Yet only few NHS Trusts have made any #Brexit preparations so far, with staff #InLimbo 
I’m sure I’m not alone in thinking that there are many in the Treasury, including Philip Hammond, that have a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay referendum with an option to #Remain leading to an #ExitfromBrexit high on their private wish lists.It’s only course that makes economic sense. 
Almost an entire day engaged in coffee wankery. This is what Twitter used to be like before Brexit. 
“Testiculi ad Brexitam” Bollocks to #Brexit!RT if you agree...@PimlicoPlumbers @catherinemep @campbellclaret @Andrew_Adonis @mrjamesob @ThatTimWalker @acgrayling @Femi_Sorry @GaryLineker @IanDunt @DeborahMeaden @RCorbettMEP @DavidLammy @SebDance @LaylaMoran @ChukaUmunna 
Why is socialist Sunday trending and there’s nothing at all spoken of the national crisis of #Brexit? All I can see is some sort of weird love in. It’s a disgrace that our opposition party cannot address THE issue of a generation. Which will devastate the most vulnerable  
Negotiate a Brexit deal #ThingsYouCanDoDuringPogbasPenaltyRunUp 
History books: Theresa May was British prime minister for 3 years. She so wanted to be in Number 10 that she ruined her country on the basis of an EU referendum she knew was won by criminality because it kept her there longer.  
88,000 UK employees work in the chemicals industry and it forms 9% of our exports. Big sector in the North West. To learn how a no deal Brexit would impact the sector read this HoC library briefing  
Brexit Boost: Macron Fumes as Belgium Chooses F-35s Over Euro Jets!   He shouldn’t dictate to other countries what to buy and from whom. Exactly why we want to get out of the EU. Bullying and Dictatorship organization!                    #fo2eu 
Pls RT @The3Million @BBCBreaking . #brexit puts #citizensrights in peril for #Europeans living working in #UK and   in #EU. Words not good enough. Rights need #ringfencing. We are one of #5million 
*Brexit Explained*  
One columnist today suggests that a no-deal Brexit would be revolutionary. Why? We are only semi-detached members of the EU anyway—outside the euro and Schengen. Only 6% of our companies trade with it. We would merely leave the CFP,CAP,and a profligate bureaucracy.Revolutionary? 
True. And millions of Britons are worried that Brexit is a project of the right for the right by the right and @UKLabour is not doing enough to oppose it 
The @BBCr4today show will continue to repulse younger listeners while it continues to champion Brexit. 
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit... So suck it up Remoaners  
YOUNG PEOPLE ARE FOR BREXIT!!!!I CERTAINLY SUPPORT BREXIT EVEN THOUGH WASNT ABLE TO VOTE!! 
Parties 'should form popular front to force Brexit vote' - BBC News  
13,000 Sunday Times readers vote 70-30% in favour of a second referendum on EU membership - and over a million Independent readers now back its campaign for a #FinalSay ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ #FBPE 
Brexiteer Dia Chakravarty reveals that she has been in the UK for 18 years. The FIRST time that she starting getting RACIST abuse was from REMAINERS after she came out for Brexit"Remainers’ internationalism seems to be limited to Europe and there’s a world outside Europe”  
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit It looks like MP’s have no legal veto to stop a NO Deal Brexit.It seems that if we don’t get a deal with the EU the only option is a NO Deal Let’s all weep for Remainers. 
No-deal Brexit 'may mean cancelled operations and staffing shortages'  
Sadiq Khan told Michel Barnier last week to prepare for another vote         Second Brexit referendum plot to be launched by Remainer MPs after Theresa May gets a deal  
1: Put parties on welfare. 2: Skew #ProRep referendum to urban B.C. 3: Voter suppression via haste, confusion. My column: #bcpoli #bcleg 
We need to sit down and discuss the future of our country rationally and that cannot be achieved while people are mud slinging and focusing their attention on applying blame. Refusing to see the hurt and pain and reasoning of Brexiters is just as inhumane. #Brexit #Peace 
but I believe wholeheartedly that those who do deserve to have their views and their beliefs respected. Are there racists, facists and crazy right wingers in existance? Absolutely. Do they account for everyone who voted Brexit? No. 3/? 
1) Great articleRemain & #PeoplesVote has grown *despite* the best efforts of the Tory & Labour Leadership, and the idea that #Brexit is inevitable has been killedWhoever delivers a messy & costly Brexit will have to answer "but why did you carry on?" 
“Fracking risks turning country against the Tories” says Zac Goldsmith. So does the callous implementation of universal credit, our crumbling NHS, increasing child poverty and homelessness, 20,000 fewer police officers, and the sheer incompetence regarding Brexit negotiations. 
A #Brexit deal would be good, but I'm not sure why @johnmcdonnellMP dislikes #Singapore model. Which part of having world's 3rd highest per-capita GDP ($93,905), govt-run Universal Health (ranked 2nd out of 166) or highest Trade to GDP ratio, does he think will ruin Britain? 
Once upon a time in the green & pleasant lands of UK, U could work 40hr/wk, your partner didn’t have 2 work & U retired @ 60 with a pension. Now 40hr/wk is not enough 4 rent & food with dual incomes & I doubt we'll ever retire.What happened? Blair,Brown & the EU happened! #Brexit 
Patrick Minford answering my question on the potential impact of a harder Brexit on the UK car industry in 2012.  
Could you tell us who decided not to commission it and what the reasons were, please? Whether we end up with a People's Vote or not, or whether we end up with Brexit or not, it would have been an interesting and important documentation of the current state of UK politics. 
Aside from this dissembling about decommissioning the people’s vote documentary, the obvious question is why did the BBC ‘decide not to commission’ it - while it was being filmed by one of its most distinguished programme makers? It was pure Brexit bias at the top of the BBC  
The lies and mess of the Brexit negotiations have been clear for everyone to see & this is the seen by everyone now @Bridgend4Europe @WalesForEurope @BestForBritain @peoplesvote_uk 
The decision of the investment firm Jacob Rees-Mogg co-founded to move assets into Ireland illustrates with uncanny perfection how the Brexit that the Tory right convinced “the people” to back will be all too real for the many but optional for the few. 
Lady says "I've been a Remainer all my life" and "the idea of Brexit is appalling to me".I then ask if she would have campaigned for another referendum if Remain would have won and she avoids the question.Full video:  
This 'second budget' of which Philip Hammond talks that would be necessary in the event of a No Deal Brexit. Should we call it an 'emergency Budget'? #brexitshambles 
£400m Brexit Boost: Macron Fumes as Belgium Chooses British-American F-35s Over Euro Jets  
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit  
Brexit: where irony goes to die . #PeoplesVote 
A #NoDeal, clean-break Brexit has the most potential for taking our destiny out of the hands of the conniving elitists in Westminster and Brussels, says Mick Hume 
One million people sign The Independent's petition for new Brexit vote 
Remoaner MPs will be gutted - Ha!Commons officials confirm that The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 does NOT give MPs a 'legal VETO' to stop a no-deal Brexit, even if Parliament votes against any Brexit deal Theresa May manages to cobble together 
"Philip Hammond has said the government will have to abandon the economic plans he will lay out in Monday’s budget, supposedly marking the end of austerity, in  the event of a no-deal Brexit." In other words, all the goodies could be snatched away again. 
Mr Hammond says 'whatever they voted for, nobody voted to be poorer'Was 'not being poorer' your primary concern in the Referendum?Mine wasn't. It was to take back control of our country. Comments? 
Peers are deemed resident in the UK for tax purposes whilst a member of the House of Lords.Just wondering how #Brexiter Lord Lawson has applied for his Carte de Séjour (residency permit) to continue to live in France post Brexit, when he's deemed to be a UK resident. 
Out on the Kennington Park and Cowley estates today encouraging the 61% of @VauxhallLabour voters who support a #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal to write to @KateHoeyMP and tell her!   @BestForBritain @hopenothate 
So, that’s an interesting result: In a poll of 12,939 @thetimes and @thesundaytimes readers, 70% think the UK should hold a 2nd referendum on EU membership.  
Retweet please if you don't want @PhilipHammondUK to divert another penny to the pointless pipe dream that is Brexit. Talk about throwing good money after bad.  
Brilliant Jacob Rees-Mogg on the Treasury: “The Treasury has been the bastion of Remoaner-ism since the referendum and indeed before. It came out with all these lunatic forecasts before the referendum as to what would happen purely on a vote to leave.”  
“I won’t give you the answer you want because you’re proposing a very simple question on a very complex set of circumstances.” Just like you did in the Referendum, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, you fraud. 
Just about to speak to a lively audience in Glasgow, keen to call a halt to the Brexit mess! With @euromovescot @Andrew_Adonis @GradySNP @UofGVC and Elspeth Attwooll 
Reasons to #stopbrexit: 1. Trade and jobs, 2. Ireland and Northern Ireland, 3. Young people 4. Peace. Crystal clear from @Andrew_Adonis @euromovescot @GlasgowlovesEu Arguments for #Brexit? Zero. #PeoplesVote @OFOCBrexit 
In 2016, the UK transported 484,000,000 tons of freight by sea, but just 2,511,000 tons by air (192x less than by sea). Therefore absurd to think of simply substituting air freight for sea freight  (e.g. if we have to fly in food or medicines because of post-Brexit jams at ports) 
MPs are not delegates who have to obey the voters, whether the vote was an election or referendum. Their duty is to use their judgement in the best interests of the country. It is absolutely vital to stress this point, it is central to our democracy. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
Our interventional radiology service has been decimated by brexit and can no longer provide 24/7 provision. Directly affects strokes, head injuries and bleeding patients. NHS relies on European talent. Really sad  
The Brexit crisis - @euromovescot @Glasgow4Europe  public meeting just starting in Glasgow with @Andrew_Adonis @patrickharvie Patrick Grady MP 
The Exit from Brexit campaign is the BIGGEST most AMBITIOUS campaign the Lib Dems have ever run outside of a general election.As a result, the number of people who support giving the people the final say on Brexit has grown from 20% to 51%!  
59% of Britons forgot to get a Halloween costume so are just gonna set themselves on fire and go as Brexit. 
Calling on @carolecadwalla @acgrayling @vincecable @Anna_Soubry @ChukaUmunna @campbellclaret @DrPhillipLeeMP @sarahwollaston to explain why on Earth they want us to remain in such an awful organisation. Go on I dare you to try!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Can you please release the reasons for the decision. With so many attending the march, and even more unable, this would have had a huge public interest to the audience you are losing due to pro Brexit bias. I am so disappointed to hear it wasn't made. 
Three of Labour's six Brexit tests failed in one 5 minute read @Keir_Starmer @lisanandy @CarolineFlintMP @gareth_snellPost-Brexit rules on UK immigration ‘will damage regional economies’  
Rees-Mogg outlines TOP strategy to 'open to world' in bid to BOOST Brexit Britain trade  
Why not try respecting what the people voted for Mr McDonnell @johnmcdonnellMP? Just picking and choosing the ones that will score you points is a bit cynical. You know #Brexit is going harm everyone, why not call on other parties to stop #Brexit ?  
So @PhilipHammondUK warned @andrewmarr9 on #Marr this morning that a new budget would b needed if there is a no-deal #Brexit .  Well, let us all warn them that we need a budget 4 the #ClimateEmergency by declaring the #rebellion on the 31 of October : 
Election watchdog head QUITS after claims commission is biased against Brexit 
Reject Brexit | Reform Politics | Renew UK  
Not checking in here often while away, but noting today a lot of criticism of the @NickBoles Brexit EEA plan - thinking at least he has a plan with some basis in reality and is trying to bridge divides, both of which seem positive to me 
Says Rees-Mogg drooling over the disaster-capitalist profits to be made from a no-deal #Brexit, and the tax haven economy which our economic desperation would force us to adopt in order to attract and retain international investment.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
"Suffrage..the basic & fundamental human right of being able to participate in the choices for your future and that of your community, the involvement & voice that allows you to be a part of the very world that you are a part of."Duchess of Sussex today!#Brexit & Young People? 
Extraordinary, if entirely self-evident admission from Chancellor that no-deal Brexit would entail new budget. Presumably Brexiters in government will denounce him as a continuity Remainer rather than engage, even at the eleventh hour, in basic reality  
Shaun Loughlin(MD Freestyle Extreme) - #Brexit is a huge business disruption. If I ship from the UK & have border delays & my competitors don't... I lose that sale. If I'm shipping from the UK & have tariffs & my competitors don't... I lose that sale. #BrexitReality#peoplesvote 
So have I and I originally voted Remain in 2016. #Brexit should be given ample time to prove itself.  
Airline industry's trade group warns of a "nightmare" if there's no Brexit deal  
“…the Treasury has been the bastion of Remoaner-ism since the referendum and indeed before. It came out with all these lunatic forecasts before the referendum as to what would happen purely on a vote to leaveThe Treasury has rather embarrassed itself" 
Yup. The areas that voted for #Brexit are the areas that will suffer most. Unfortunately, lots of innocent people live in those areas, too. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Your sudden switch from being an impartial/balanced broadcaster on #Brexit, to fully Pro-Brexit etc.. Has been clear for all to c 
VC of Glasgow Uni speaks out against Brexit. We hope that the @OpenUniversity will do same. Brexit doing real harm to the OU, which had led world leading EU research programs and is now losing out due to Brexit  
One of the strongest point of #Brexit Leave campaign is to reduce migration and take back full border controls from the EU.Please, dudes, don't forget about that restarting some kind of sht like second referendum or new People's Vote March#SundayMotivation 
With all due respect, anyone who knows me knows I work 24/7 on #Brexit. I'm sorry if you think taking some time out on a Sunday to share time with my dogs is tantamount to me slacking  
Fracking risks turning country against Tories, says Zac Goldsmith>Well yes Zac that and your party’s rampant racism, war-mongering, 40 years of neoliberalism and it’s brexit omnishambles armageddon   
We campaigned yesterday in  LBHF with HOPE not HATE supporters (BEST for BRITAIN). If you do not support BREXIT like 70% of Hammersmith & Fulham residents, please fill and send the card we dropped on your doorstep to your local MP Andy Slaughter.@hammersmithandy@HFLabour @LBHF 
Remainers please accept brexit it’s gunna benefit my future and thousands in this country. It be the best thing you have ever voted or do you want our country to be ruined!! 
That might sound neat, but a “rejoin” referendum would not be on the same membership terms as “remain”, so would be an entirely different proposition psychologically, and could take years to come about....  
If a General Election was held today, Based ONLY on #Brexit policies what Party would you Vote for? Please RT afterwards 
WOW!  NOW OVER 90,000!!!!!!!!!    LET'S GET THIS TO 100K!!!    SIGN and RT  this petition   If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped      
You will be judged in your complicity with #Brexit Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. You will find 'respecting the vote' will be as toxic as 'I was only following orders'. 
Twitter convo's by left:- Try to debate grooming gangs - Deflect onto Jimmy Saville and lone paedopholes- Try to debate Brexit supporters being threatened - Deflected onto Jo Cox and EDL- Try to debate Labour antisemitism - Deflected onto Israel or Islamophobia.#Whataboutery 
Theresa May said a #PeoplesVote would be a politicians' vote. She was lying. Remainers campaigned for the best part of a year against the opposition of almost all the political class. It is our grassroots campaign that has got politicians to support the #PeoplesVote#Brexit #FBPE 
Let us see how many RTs this poll can get...#Brexit? 
As a member of the EU the UK has ensured that any deal between the EU and the US protects our NHS.Post Brexit, our NHS would be one of the first casualties.  
Brexiters claim a #Peoples Vote is undemocratic. I wrote this thread to summarise how #Brexit politicians have grossly abused democracy. A #PeoplesVote is absolutely necessary as a first step to restoring our democracy to health.#StopBrexit 
A no deal Brexit will require a new budget with ‘fiscal buffers’ to support the economy and prevent a recession. I don’t remember seeing that on the side of the bus. A windfall tax on Jacob Rees-Mogg’s estate maybe? 
A no deal Brexit would cost jobs, cost investment, cripple the economyThe Tory hard right know this, yet they carry on regardlessThe Corbyn left know this but they sit on the sidelines, failing to opposeWe are being let down by a generation of 2nd rate politicians  
“BBC News - Philip Hammond: No-deal Brexit would require new Budget”P.S. A No Deal Brexit would require a new Government because the current one would have failed the country.    
Philip Hammond: No-deal Brexit would require new Budget  
#Brexit deal “is 95% settled.” Really? See my FACT CHECK: 
Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit  It takes a no-nonsense Australian to talk common sense on Brexit. 
So the fabled (but non-existent)  Brexit Bonus is now needed to shore up the weakened post-Brexit economy? What a farce! Let’s just put a stop to it   
Today #PTM Bannu Jalsa is Referendum Against State Terrorism... @CNN @amnestyusa @BushraGohar @a_baittani @a_siab 
the real reason for brexit  
More and more people are telling us they voted Leave based on the promises of 2016 but have changed their mind after seeing the Brexit being delivered in reality. Write to your MP to let them know you support a #PeoplesVote! #WriteThisWrong #RemainerNow   
No one knows whether the British people would choose the Brexit deal or Remain in a public vote.Not the Prime Minister, the Leader of the Opposition or the wavering Labour MPs. No one.The only way to find out what we want is to ask us.#PeoplesVote 
The two extremes in British politics are the hardcore Leavers (gammons) and the hardcore Remainers (#FBPE brigade). Both extremes are as bad as each other. Both are utterly intransigent and incapable of rational thought. Both are consumed by #Brexit. Nothing else matters to them. 
"Brexit Bonuses" I would like to see soon:> cheaper food  & clothing> lower taxes> cheaper housing> higher wages> more NHS money> better laws> better USA & Commonwealth links> better democracy> fewer foreigners telling me what to do. 
With the cash from Foreign Aid, Brexit and HS2 he could put Britain back on a roll. Be bold and imaginative? I doubt it! No more Budget own goals this time, Chancellor, says TIM NEWARK  
My latest Brexit Blog post on the growing alarm of UK businesses, and the paradox of how Brexiters (& some remainers) say the economy doesn't matter any more - and yet insist that it does:  
Petition: Rescind Art.50 if Vote Leave has broken Electoral Laws regarding 2016 referendum  
To counter the "Lineker effect" Kettle crisps should bring out a "brexit" flavour!  
Prominent scientists are sounding the alarm on Brexit  
Thank you Mark for setting this straight.How do we get this message to the masses?Do we have to add a little fortune cookies style message in every can of pineapples?Do we have to have airplane  banners flying over leave area saying "there is no Brexit dividend!!"?  
Lord Adonis - The politicians need to take their lead from the people & create a popular front to put pressure on the HoC so there is a #PeoplesVote & we end #brexit.Watch the full interview from BBC Sunday Politics Scotland #FBPE #marr #ridge 
And in #Brexit-land today..All is well...nothing to report...steady as she goes...No need for a #PeoplesVote especially with a #Remain option.. 
I am astonished that this and earlier stories regarding objections to UK's #WTO proposals has not achieved greater prominence.  The UK's trade backstop is no more.  #Brexit  
#MarrThe Prime Minister is responsible for what Hammond is saying. She must agree with it otherwise she would remove him.I have no confidence in Theresa May to deliver the Brexit I voted for. Do you? 
RBS Shares Plunge As Bank Announces $130 Million 'Hard Brexit' Contingency Buffer  
‘Brexit is like a premier league side wanting to be relegated’ - brilliant article & insider info from WTO by William Keegan  
There seems to be a bit of confusion on who is responsible for #Brexit especially amongst the #FBPE hashtag brigade so here is a simplified explanation #SocialistSunday  
I’m about to speak against Brexit in Glasgow with the vice-chancellor of Glasgow university @UofGVC - 2pm, Renfield St Stephen’s Centre, 260 Bath St. All welcome! 
#NoDeal Brexit looks increasingly likely.Your feelings?Please RT. And comment if you will. 
‘I’m only the Chancellor. Don’t ask me. It’s bad enough trying to stop the prime minister wrecking the entire country with Brexit’  
Ryanair boss: ‘Tory half-wits pushing disastrous Brexit are insane’  
A handy detailed timeline of the events leading to Brexit:#marr 
Brextremists blame EU for everything. Now there's another 20 scapegoats for Brexit fiasco. Given that the whole world thinks Brexit is crazy, maybe...just maybe we're in the wrong here and should stop blaming everyone else. Get real. #PeoplesVote  
READ: @lucianaberger says #Brexit will be a disaster for the social care sector, leaving women at a disadvantage:  
Your gamble with Brexit, pushing stakes ever higher, is causing us all misery. 
Theresa May told Andrew Marr just weeks ago the extra £20bn for the NHS would come from a Brexit “dividend.” She tweeted & told Parliament the same thing. It’s a huge shame Marr forgot to point that out when Hammond smugly boasted about an extra £20bn this morning!  
Dont say it's not it's not all about #BrexitIT BLOODY IS!!EU vote already caused irreparable harm..more ahead.We're Poorer, Rights Removed, Natl wealth lost..hospitals, schools, businesses, jobs, police, publ servs- more cutsIt's NatlIt's Local#BrexitIsPersonal#PeoplesVote 
Spot on from @mikegalsworthy #Brexit is a neoliberal plan.Corbyn is enabling this neo-liberalism. Presumably thinking he can take advantage of political chaos ensuing.Wrecking the economy & countless livelihoods in pursuit of some sort of nirvana. Sounds just like Venezuela.  
Did 670,000 march for a People’s Vote on Brexit? Existing evidence suggests that might be on the high side:  
We absolutely cannot allow #Brexit to threaten the health and even the life of a single person because they cannot get the medication they need. Can’t believe this has so little support.  
WHITTINGDALE "My [angry] constituents cannot understand why two years after they voted to leave we will not properly deliver Brexit for at least FOUR yearsAnd we are now talking about extending that for up to TWO MORE years." via @MailOnline 
This is a good thread by @mikegalsworthy but don’t just listen to Minford’s words.  Watch his body language and see how unconcerned, almost nonchalant he is discussing something which will devastate individual lives and whole communities #Brexit  
.⁦@NickCohen4⁩:‘The tragedy for the Labour party – and for Britain – is at the moment when it most needed effective opposition it found itself with a far left as clueless as the Brexit right.’  
.@SadiqKhan has told @MichelBarnier that EU should start preparations for extending art 50 talks just in case Westm votes down #Brexit deal &instructs GOV to hold a referendum: ; here's is #thread why LONGER extension than 4-6 weeks isn't straightforward 
Now over 88,000Please SIGN and RT!!!!!!! This one is going to 100K this week !! Please help it get there! Thank you!PetitionIf there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped 
Budget 2018: Would a no-deal #Brexit mean an emergency Budget?Chancellor Philip Hammond tells #marr that he has fiscal reserves and would intervene to support the economyRead more:  
The chancellor should have the courage to say what he knows is true. No deal Brexit would be an economic catastrophe and every form of Brexit will leave us considerably worse off. #Marr 
It's all very well for Andrew Adonis to come to Scotland and ask us to vote against Brexit again. We already have and our vote was ignored. What happens if we vote to remain and the UK votes to leave again? No answer. We are to be ignored and disrespected again. #sundaypolitics 
Ignorance and gullibility are what made #Brexit possible. Years of rightwing propaganda about the EU, which went largely unchallenged in our media. #BBCBias has been instrumental in cementing the Brexiter narrative. When people notice what #Brexit means it will be too late 
There's a glorious ten minutes every morning between waking up and checking twitter when I forget about brexit and Trump and climate change and life actually seems ok. Ignorance really is bliss. 
Still wanting to remain, but have removed FBPE from profile. Sick of reading virulent anti-Corbyn comments as the Tories continue on a disastrous Brexit and persist in attacking poorer, more vulnerable people, in crushing essential local services and in favouring those with money 
I honestly believe that most of the #FBPE cult are disingenuous Torys  trying to split the labour vote and some nut jobs are actually buying into it. *truth bomb if you split the vote you get a Tory hard Brexit.  It's not hard to work out #marr #JC4PM #Brexit 
“Brexit is like a Premier League side wanting to be relegated.”A superb bit of writing from @williamkeegan who eloquently highlights the ridiculous absurdities of Brexit.    
So Scottish fishermen will not be able to land their catch at EU ports nor will they have access to the single market or be able to sell their fish under WTO trade agreements. Brexit working out as they hoped? 
Arrogant bullying is the default mode among unelected, unaccountable Brussels bureaucrats:  #Brexit 
20 yrs ago this would have dominated the news for days. I'm still amazed that Labour is in bed with this "neoliberal Brexit plan" - I can almost hear the objections of Foot, Healy, Smith & others. If there's another plan I'd love to hear it & discover how exiting the EU will help 
Found a new way of traveling horses to Ireland after Brexit   
Britain's wretched civil service is medievally enslaved to EU masters. If civil servants are found to be working against Brexit they should be sacked for working against the country..  
Hammond on #Marr now talking about ‘minimising the impact of brexit’ and saying any deal should involve close EU partnership and frictionless trade to prevent ‘consequences’ for U.K. businesses. How about #Remain. 
Europe has officially adopted Sharia by passing Blasphemy laws; thus forgoing free speech. What next?   BREXIT NOW! Tucker Carlson interview:  Europe Has Passed Blasphemy Laws - Woman Fined For Insult...  via @YouTube 
Jacob Rees Mogg wants to turn the clocks back to Victorian Britain, where the rich exploited the poor indiscriminately. He is a disaster capitalist, wanting Brexit to hit hard so he can profit more. #ClocksBack #StopBrexit #Marr #Ridge 
Aaaargh!  Hammond says that Chequers will minimise the negative effects of Brexit.  He still cannot see the opportunities. Why is he and Theresa May running a country whose main policy agenda is something they don’t believe.  So dishonest. They should both resign. 
Report saying Brexit could lead to 5,600 diet-related deaths per year is "classic Project Fear", says top economist:  
This is what Brexit mean. Brexit’s chief economist confirms the misery. We know what happened when the coal and steel industries closed in the North East. Now the Brexiters say it’s the turn of the car industry. Time to think again. Time for @peoplesvote_uk @The_TUC @TUCNorthern 
Priti Patel calls on Philip Hammond to spend the Treasury’s £13bn Brexit windfall here in Britain, sending it over to Brussels “makes a mockery of our democracy and is an insult to the British public.”   
This is a hidden cost of #Brexit that is replicated across thd private sector too. Huge numbers of people diverted from productive work.  
Nigel Farage tries to compare Brexit to when you move house. He says "you try to make the best of it". Even if the proposed move is a disaster?  
Tell me again about that second referendum so we can stay in.  
So Brexit’s guru Minford would shaft the industries that voted for Brexit...... and put his faith for Brexit Britain in the industries that are most strongly opposed to Brexit.And that, in a nutshell, is Brexit for you. 
Minford is correct. You can’t do brexit and protect car manufacturing. A physicist would say that they are orthogonal political aims. Similarly for an invisible Irish border. It’s very simple, and this is the reason government are in great difficulty. Orthogonal means orthogonal!  
‘We will NOT be bullied!’ Dover MP fires STERN warning to Macron over Calais Brexit threat. If Macron tries to block our meat trade,France will be the bigger loser, no French Wine, Cheese, cars etc!  
“Asking me to support Brexit is like asking me to punch my constituents in the face,” said Anna Turley, the Labour MP for Redcar, which voted 66:34 to leave. “It doesn’t make it easier if you tell me my constituents want to be punched.”   
People ask why the Leave vote is still so strong. Yet when the PM talks, unchallenged, about there being a Brexit dividend to spend on the NHS, and the right wing press continue their poisonous propaganda. why would they change their minds?  
Three things you can do today to help #StopBrexit:1. Sign the petition for a #FinalSay on Brexit:2. Sign the petition to #Remain if there is no deal:3. Write to your MP:Please RT to spread the word. 
This is why I think we’re in for a rocky ride in the UK whatever happens. Some of us on Twitter may be obsessively following every detail on Brexit, but there are plenty of people out there just going about their lives & expecting things to get better, not disastrously worse.  
Almost a third of the Treasury's staff are being consumed by Brexit work, according to its most senior civil servant  
Brextremist Michelle Dewberry knowingly lying about how we can "redirect funds we're getting back from the EU" net contribution before the EU ref & the £ tanked £6bn a year, diminished tax revenues within a decade bc of Brexit £70bn a year. #Marr 
THIS IS TRULY SHOCKING!In answer to my Freedom of Information request last month as to how many MPs (and of which party) had asked to see the Treasury’s economic assessment reports on the various Brexit options, less than 10% have done so. #Marr 
Brexit’s lead economist Prof Patrick Minford on UK car industry:“You are going to have to run it down ... in the same way we ran down the coal industry and steel industry. These things happen.”This is the neoliberal Brexit plan.1/n  
Michelle Dewsberry on #marr says #brexit will be good for the north as money from Brussels can be spent there. The problem is money from Brussels is spent in the north rather than the south. Councils in the north are losing their funding. 
Conservatives Failed the country by choosing a Remainer to lead Brexit & a Remainer to be Chancellor.Negotiators set out to deny the wishes of majority.Time for Tories to assert themselves & change leader to meet democratic wish of The People & Leave undemocratic #EU#Brexit  
Over a *million people* have already signed this petition calling for a #PeoplesVote & a say on the final Brexit deal. Consider signing, sharing & RT plse.#Marr #ridge #SundayMorning 
Why Brexit can & should be stopped - and so says almost everyone I have met in Scotland this weekend  
“The Treasury has been the bastion of ‘remoanerism’ since the referendum. It came out with all these lunatic forecasts (such as) 800,000 job losses on voting to leave. So, the Treasury has rather embarrassed itself & has a lot of egg on its face” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#StandUp4Brexit 
It’s not defying voters to try to make them think again on Brexit.“Asking me to support Brexit is like asking me to punch my constituents in the face.It doesn’t make it easier if you tell me my constituents want to be punched.” - Anna Turley MP  
How much extra money is being set aside in the budget for unemployment benefit?  Vote Leave’s own pet economist, Patrick Minford says that after Brexit it will be necessary to run down the car industry in the same way as the coal and steel industries. #Marr 
What has supporting Democrats for 60 years done for black Americans?It haunted Candace Owens until she heard British Nigel Farage’s speech about his fight for Britain’s exit-or BREXIT-from the EU!BLEXIT was born! Black people must exit Democratic Party  
‘We will NOT be bullied!’ Dover MP fires STERN warning to Macron over Calais Brexit threat  
Thread: Brexit and Complex Systems. Despite the fervent belief of Brexiters to the contrary, you do not "fix" a complex system by issuing an instruction that you don't fully understand. /1 
Stanley Johnson joins @Nigel_Farage live to discuss Brexit and Boris #FarageOnLBC 
“Asking me to support Brexit is like asking me to punch my constituents in the face,” said @annaturley MP Labour for Redcar, which voted 66:34 to leave. “It doesn’t make it easier if you tell me my constituents want to be punched.”We deserve a #PeoplesVote 
“Brexit is shaping up to be the greatest disaster for working-class Britain since Thatcherism”” says @NickCohen4 Northern communities will suffer most. That’s why I & others back a People’s vote on Brexit.   
If Czechoslovakia could be split up in six months in 1992, why should Brexit take six years?  #BrexitBetrayal 
The voters got it right the first time in the EU referendum. So did Justine Greening when she said "there's no re-doing it if we change our minds". She should stick to her word and help deliver Brexit instead of calling for a rerun.  
"The Labour movement was founded to represent the interests of the organised working class. Brexit is shaping up to be the greatest disaster for working-class Britain since Thatcherism"@Labour4EU @jeremycorbyn @nickynoo007 @JeanneBartram @VeroVero777 @KSchafheutle @Keir_Starmer 
Preparations for a no-deal Brexit are increasingly ominous, as the government prepares to charter ships to import food and drugs, and turn a Kent motorway into a giant lorry park. Brexiteers are angry not just with Theresa May, but with reality - Bagehot  
The trouble is, if we ever decided to stop changing the clocks twice a year there'd be a referendum and the Gammon Churchill Spitfire Empire baby boomers would all vote to keep us at 'traditional' GMT so we can be forever dark and miserable and meaninglessly patriotic 
Hi David. 1. You missed the fact the British Empire helped civilise half the world. 2. You need to learn the essential lesson that you LOST the referendum and we are LEAVING. Now, grow up and stop whining. Kind Regards etc...  
TUC's Frances O'Grady - "One way or another the people deserve a final say on the deal, as it is their livelihoods at stake". #Ridge #Brexit  
"British parliament will probably reject whatever arrangement prime minister Theresa May manages to negotiate with European leaders, and the likeliest way to end the deadlock will be to hold a new referendum that reconsiders the decision to leave the EU."  
The Transport Sec went to Calais & nailed the Project Fear lie that Calais wld mount an economic blockade/go slow on UK traded goods if we just leave on 29 March next year. The Mayor of Calais made clear they value the UK business & will ensure the port runs smoothly after Brexit 
"The Treasury has been a bastion of Remoanerism" - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells @RidgeOnSunday that the Treasury has got Brexit wrong in the past and needs to embrace it in the Budget #Ridge 
Yeah, I know. That’s Brexit for you.  
#quote"Mrs May has inverted the referendum. She is behaving as if the LOSING side won, while the winning side is only due the few baubles that can be squeezed out of the EU""politically dishonest bungling"Masterful dissection by @oflynnmep. Worth a read. 
Grear to hear on #Ridge by @FrancesOGrady on #Brexit, "it cannot be Hobson's choice between two bad choices" "the people deserve the final say" - exactly "no deal"  v "Theresa May's deal" is not the real choice - the real choice is to embrace democracy, granting a #PeoplesVote 
Letter savaging Theresa May's plea for calm "Telling everyone to hold their nerve through the later stages of Brexit is the same as telling a drowning man that everything will be fine if he holds his breath" via @Telegraph 
Now on 84,000:“If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped”Sign & share. 
BREAKING: No Deal Brexit will force a new Budget - and is set to CANCEL 'end of austerity' /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
“Protecting the working class from Brexit”.Fuck right off. 
Astonishing. Philip Hammond has just said on @SophyRidgeSky that tomorrow’s budget is predicated on UK getting a good Brexit deal and he would need to go back to drawing board for No Deal Brexit. Hardly. Government making plans for every eventuality 
WATCH | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg blasts Treasury as "the bastion of Remoanerism". "They said there'd be 800,000 job losses just on voting to leave! The Treasury has egg on its face for getting its Brexit-related forecasts so wrong so far. It is still grumpy about Brexit & that's a pity."  
The BBC should be renamed 'Britain Today' in honour of its role model Russia Today. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
Ha!I read somewhere that the Chancellor and the PM have cut a deal !He'll rollback on *austerity* if she accepts his Brexit approach.FOLKS !It's good to know that the UK is a PAWN in the game of Tory politics !Following the precedent set by Cameron and his #EURef 
So the working man has upset the establishment and voted against what the establishment wanted. You lot make me sick, and I’m so glad my vote has upset you so much. I’m not asking for a 2nd vote, I’m asking for us to leave the EU which is what Cameron offered in the referendum 
Imagine if the referendum result had been 52% Remain. The pound wouldn't have tanked and food would be 15% cheaper. Billions more could have been spent on the NHS and millions of people wouldn't have spent two years with their lives in limbo. And the result would now be history. 
To be clear, journalists were told by Downing St after the PM’s Tory conference speech that austerity would end regardless of the outcome of the Brexit negotiations. 
OK, Daniel. So how many U-boats do you suppose Brussels will deploy in the Atlantic to punish us for Brexit?  
Geez! We’re Not even going to get a ‘no deal’.... UK blocked from fast-tracking post-Brexit WTO membership  via @CityAM 
European Commission to bring forward plans to move to a system of “qualified majority voting” for tax policies at May summit. Currently, tax changes require unanimity so 28 nations each has a veto; could affect UK during Brexit transition if veto removed  
Is it too much to ask MPs to respect the decision of those who voted in the 2016 referendum, particularly those in constituencies that voted to leave the EU?These people think they are superior to our democracy. They are not. 
Hammond you bell end, how the fuck did Labour cause the American property bubble or crash Lehman Brothers.  You clearly know as much about economics as those fuckwits in your party that think Brexit will increase trade. #ridge 
Your doing fantastic job Andrea for all the 17.4 million people who voted leave the EU. We’re all behind you a politician fighting for good Brexit. Your Different Class to David Lammy, Anna Soubry, Chuka Umunna and the rest trying to derail Brexit. Everyday keep up the great work  
Just asked my 17 yr old daughter how she would vote if we had another EU referendum and she said she hasn’t seen anything about it on keeping up with the Kardashian’s so she hasn’t a clue ?? 
Over 1M people have signed a petition to demand a #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal. By having a @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal, only then can we truly respect democracy.We can change our minds. For our generation, future & for democracy: demand a #PeoplesVote #C4PV 
Since the EU referendum, Remain has argued a knock-down case. Not only is it hugely to UK's economic & geopolitical benefit, but Leave lied & cheated to win votes. It is unconscionable, even criminal, that the Gov't ploughs on regardless, suppressing the truth, & MPs accept this 
Rees-Mogg‘s #Brexit vision will destroy British manufacturing and replace it with a Singapore style service economy with low corporation tax and low regulatory standards. Did ordinary working people know this in 2016? #PeoplesVote 
When we talk about corporate totalitarianism we must consider what that means for the truth. Brexit is being carried out at the behest of the ultra capitalist Far Right. They control the gov & BBC, and in this case have prevented a documentary being made. Think about it...  #FBPE 
Brexit is and always has been a very simple choice; should the UK be run by its people and their elected representatives in our own best interest, or by unelected elites in theirs. All the rest is just noise from those attempting to disguise this. 
Editorial: The Independent’s Final Say petition has reached a million signatures, proving the people deserve a second referendum  
Translation from @NickCohen4: "Listen you ignorant, xenophobic, pigdog plebs your betters have decided that are wrong. Now go back to eating chips and gravy on front of Gogglebox and leave democracy to us clever people." Arrogant schmuck #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
There’s no nice way of putting this. You’re either on the side of Trump, Brexit, Murdoch, inhumanity and nastiness - or you’re against it. 
To talk about a second referendum before you've implemented the first one, really undermines democracy.  
Travel insurance now has a brexit disclaimer.... no insurance coverage for any brexit related reasons. #FBPE #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote Did you vote for this? 
Should 16 and 17 year old children be allowed to vote in the EU referendum? Oh yes!Should citizens of other EU countries get their say? Yes, absolutely!Should working class Brits be allowed to have their say? Hmmmm, well it depends. They’re not clever enough, are they?  
Something positive for a Sunday morning; please join us to sign up and share. Now well over a million & rising #PeoplesVote #InformedConsent #FinalSay · Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal ·  
Laughable from Farage, pure deflection. Yes we know George Soros funds 'Open Society' the problem is we don't know who's funding Banks and most of the 'Tufton Twatery'. However we do know who funded Christopher Adams and the good news is by this month Farage will have repaid it! 
Just keep signing people. No apologies for tweeting endlessly about bloody Brexit.  
Post-Brexit rules on UK immigration ‘will damage regional economies’  
I’m sure @MarrShow won’t “forget” to point this tweet out to @PhilipHammondUK in which No.10 says the £20bn extra for the NHS would be funded by the Brexit “dividend” with the country only contributing “a bit more”   
She could possibly have got EEA through Commons after 2017 election. Too late now. This is just a trick to get us over March 2019 line without a #peoplesvote ditch May put in Gove or ANother & do hard Brexit. 
Disastrous NoDeal Brexit will amplify the worst aspects of Austerity.Homelessness, poverty, personal debt & bankrupt councils. Tighten your belts, this is going to be tough. Philip Hammond & the Tories have screwed the UK & are going to blame everyone but themselves! #Marr #Ridge 
FUN FACT : if we put the clocks back an hour every day until 29 March 2019, we can undo Brexit. 
Surely your views on Brexit have nothing whatsoever to do with your condition? If anyone mocks you for the latter, that’s despicable and uncalled for.But if your Brexit standpoint is so misguided the flaws could be spotted from the Moon, that must be fair game to comment on? 
More than reminiscent of 1930s Germany. Wake up USA. And wake up UK - the same forces are at work over Brexit. 
People who voted Brexit were led to believe it was going to make  a shining city on a hill, not a swamp. They have a right to reconsider. 
Spotted coming in to Waterloo on the train... more anti brexit street art. #FBPE #stopbrexit 
“Asking me to support Brexit is like asking me to punch my constituents in the face. It doesn’t make it easier if you tell me my constituents want to be punched.”Anna Turley, MP for Redcar (voted 66:34 Leave) on why Labour leaders should reject Brexit 
Andrea, I was well aware of your disability and I would never bring it up.I do however take issue with the fact that you are acting on what you feel is right rather than what you know is right.Brexit is not something that can any longer be treated as an emotional issue. 
If you read one article on #Brexittoday, make it this superb piece by @NickCohen4 "The #Labour movement was founded to represent the interests of the working class. Brexit is shaping up to be the biggest disaster for the working class since Thatcherism" 
Imagine if we were to stay in the EU now after all. We would be an even better member than before. The whole country - including MPs - is so much more clued up on the trade deals and parameters of EU membership. We would take a national interest that did not exist before. #brexit 
If you could do a little more thinking & a little less feeling, you might become a bit less ridiculous. For example, how stupid would it be to suggest that you could be cured of these conditions if you only ‘believed’ in the cure more? That is, after all, your position on Brexit.  
“I’m not going to punch voters in the face even if they voted  for a punch in the face” Me in @ObserverUK on the moral case for protecting the working class from Brexit  
I said it six months ago, and will say it again, whatever happens in the end, the BBC won't survive brexit. Either a brexit government will dismantle it, or the people let down will give up on it. 
The government are trying to railroad us into hard Brexit in order to stay exempt from this new tax directive. #StopBrexitSaveBritain European commission to crack down on offshore tax avoidance | Business | The Guardian 
No, a million signatures proves that a million Remainers can't accept the result of the referendum. Yet this is just 6% of those who voted Remain in 2016. Does that 'prove' the indifference of 94%? If Remain had won, a petition of a million moaning Brexiteers would be laughed at.  
Disgraceful......   Cross-party group of MPs plot Commons push for second Brexit referendum |   
So many similarities between Trump’s America and Brexit Britain. Time to think again, time for a #PeoplesVote 
Five million people have been disenfranchised by the referendum and their lives have become very insecure.  Stand with #the5million on 5 November at the Houses of Parliament. 
Essential reading on #Brexit & the northern working class: “It is not an anti-democratic betrayal to ask voters who once said they wanted to be punched to take another show of hands just to double-check that a fist in the face remains their heart’s desire”  
Apparently, 100 MPs want the Country to have a 2nd referendum. Let's make sure they don't get one. Sign the petition. Join the 70,000 Brexiteers that have already signed. 
Hate to say I told you so...yet again...but... “Airbus has confirmed it is considering cutting thousands of jobs in the UK as it starts to “press the button on crisis actions” over concerns about Brexit"   
Another Irish referendum with another vote for enlightenment. Another election keeping the Irish Presidency in the hands of a civilised, arts loving man. Is it too late for me to find a long lost Irish granny and keep my EU passport? 
Welcome cross-party pressure for a #PeoplesVote.Thank you Dr @sarahwollaston MP!Speaking at the #PeoplesVoteMarch: “Without a second referendum vote on the final deal there is no informed consent to Brexit. The consequences will last for generations. 
Corbyn urged to back amendment for 2nd #Brexit vote.He'd better back it or he's history but FFS a #PeoplesVote doesn't 'Thwart' anything unless a majority of voters want to #StopBrexit & #Remain.If that's the case then that's the Will of the People!  
Labour MP David Lammy accuses #Brexit voters of being xenophobic, nationalistic & fascist. Yet it’s not them threatening & vandalising signs/stands of other political groups, protest marching with vulgar posters or linking Brexit to every catastrophic prediction or heinous event.  
“Our Government has completely lost control of the negotiations & has been outmanoeuvred by the EU at every stage. Let’s abandon Chequers & get on with negotiating a Canada-style deal which will truly deliver Brexit” @JWhittingdale#StandUp4Brexit 
The pro Brexit petition is about to overtake this one. We need to get this to 100k NOW!!!! #stopbrexit 
Go for it (and retweet) 70k out of 100k needed signatures now on petition to prevent second referendum:  
“Readers will remember the GMB is often aided by UNISON. Both unions canvased ruthlessly against Scottish independence in the 2014 referendum. Neither is a friend to Scotland’s constitutional or civil rights.” GMB – a Cockney Clique – Grouse Beater  
What a tool Chris "crotch-shot" Chope is! These MPs don't have a clue how business works. "We sold #Brexit on the back of a "same benefits as now" deal, but - & here's what we didn't tell you - there were no guarantees. Why didn't you spend tens of £millions on the off-chance?"  
These threats of civil war ( if we get a Peoples Vote/don't Brexit)  are also very familiar  
“It’s not defying voters, MPs, to try to make them think again on Brexit: It is courageous and principled to take your honest arguments to your constituents” ⁦@NickCohen4⁩ 
This is taking "but what about Brexit" to a new level. A post about a racist massacre gets hijacked by FBPEOne of the most damning indictments of FBPE is how they've managed to anger remain voters like me.They've convinced no-one new & alienated people we could've won over  
This petition is steaming ahead ( I expect Sky with their leaders debate petition would like the support this petition has) lets have a big push to get to 80.000 as soon as possible. Thank you .Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Utter tosh!Cameron got the Tories re-elected on the promise of a referendum. Why was that? Because people wanted their say. I think you'll find most Leavers had misgivings re the EU before campaigning got underway. Resolve strengthened by your ridiculous Project Fear campaign. 
“Asking me to support Brexit is like asking me to punch my constituents in the face,” said Anna Turley, the Labour MP for Redcar, which voted 66:34 to leave. “It doesn’t make it easier if you tell me my constituents want to be punched.” 
Astonishing. For the avoidance of doubt - the NHS will *not* get £350m a week after #Brexit - they were fibbing. There is no Brexit dividend.  
If Czechoslovakia could be split up in six months in 1992, why should Brexit take six years? - Martin Pánek  
#Brexit is NOT the reason for Uncertainty in the UK today, Remainers, deliberately undermining the future of Britain are deliberately damaging the UK economy in an attempt to reverse public opinion on Brexit.Their treachery is obvious, dangerous & real. 
Quite a headline from EU's auditors! If you care about the Brexit Bill you really should read our #Brexit summary:  
To those who say Brexit is/ was about Immigration I say rubbish its about the rich mans money and therm keeping it stashed tax free ....  
It’s not defying voters, MPs, to try to make them think again on Brexit | Nick Cohen  
EU warns banks to be ready for no-deal Brexit  
One of the best things about this referendum is that all 3 PR systems on the ballot actually improve local representation. Almost every voter will end up with a local, accountable MLA from a party they support, that they helped elect! Only 50% do now - huge change. #pr4bc #bcpoli 
Scottish MPs critical to second Brexit referendum campaign  
Remainers didn't learn a thing in 2016. #Brexit  
The New Caledonia referendum will determine whether it will remain a French territory or become independent. 
Two of them, actually. Murdoch-owned tabloids pushed Brexit, too. 
Few years ago I interviewed a holocaust survivor who told me  what was happening with Media, Trump & Brexit reminded her of build up to Krystallnacht. ‘First headlines changed, then people changed, then the world changed’ she said. We have not learned  
Cora leaves his starter in, Dodgers mash a huge dinger.Roberts takes his starter out, Red Sox mash a huge dinger.Both managers get crushed. Not every decision is a referendum on "analytics" and "feel." Sometimes world-class athletes do great things, and sometimes they blow it. 
...and Democracy. This election, in my opinion, is a referendum on the survival  of democracy. 
I’ve come to the conclusion Liam Fox shouldn’t be allowed to run a school jumble sale let alone brexit negotiations 
The midterms are a referendum on Trumpism, on white nationalism, on hatred and bigoted violence. Vote every single person who endorses and tolerates this worldview out. That’s what it will take to #DefendDemocracy. #WeWillOutliveThem, but first we have to out-vote them. 
Brexit: Expectation v Reality  
Brexit: the Efta/EEA option revisited - the Efta/EEA option is not a magic wand. Much hard work will be required to make it happen. Nick Boles must abandon his belief that it is an easy, "plug and play" answer. It isn't...  . 
'What a coincidence' Tony Abbott secretly met Boris Johnson before savaging Theresa May's Brexit plan  
Editorial: Vote 'No' in NDP's badly flawed electoral reform referendum  
The people of Ireland have finally removed the medieval crime of blasphemy from our constitution, after a decade of campaigning by Atheist Ireland to have this referendum held. #BlasphemyRef  
As Anna Soubry is quoted as saying ‘Brexit reality – chaos and no trade deal – is not what Leave voters were promised - which is why more and more of them are demanding a final say, deal or no deal, with Remain on the ballot paper’.  
Talking with Corbynistas is like being bombarded with calls from people promising cheaper energy supply deals while my home is burning down around me.Tell me all about dear leader *after* #Brexit has been stopped.  I won't be interested at all until the fire is out. #priorities 
You do know how long parliamentary terms last, right? They're 5 years. Brexit is a permanent wound to the country. Prioritising a general election over the permanent future of the United Kingdom is mathematically bewildering. 
Just pictured the UK out of the EU, but with less control over our laws...Brexit voters seething with anger towards remain voters, remain voters furious at Brexit voters for the damage to the country. And I'm trapped in this debate til i'm 55...I won't be sleeping for a while. 
What would a Labour Brexit do?Keep the benefits of the Single Market & Customs Union?JobsGood Friday agreementTake back control? No That just means we no longer control the Single Market & Customs Union. Hugely angering most Brexit voters#PeoplesVote is the ONLY option 
Reminder to BC voters: The electoral reform referendum is going to be razor tight. The latest poll shows: 33% support #ProRep31% support FPTP33% undecidedSo volunteer, talk to your friends and family, and most importantly, make sure you mail in your ballot!#pr4bc #bcpoli 
Today, volunteers from across BC spent the day talking to voters about the #PropRep referendum. With no accountability, no transparency, and no fairness, the choice is clear: protect our democracy. Vote to keep FPTP. #vancouver #ladysmith #nanaimo #kelowna #bcpoli #supersaturday 
The Independent now doing bidding of Argentinian's sabre-rattling in an effort to undermine Brexit.Pathetic desperation from an anything but Independent news source!Argentina will use no-deal Brexit to take back Falkland Islands, foreign minister warns 
Went to Dentist today.Asked hygienist about referendum-she didn't know anything about it.Went to grocery store asked cashier-she said you mean the municipal election?Went to gas station asked the attendant-didnt know. This is the Referendum on Electoral Reform-like they planned. 
Same. First joined in '85. Left last week.Labour is abandoning those it has a duty of care to protect. The vulnerable will be hit first & hardest by #BrexitI will never again vote for a party that delivers #Brexit or fails to oppose it. Never! 
No one minds your unpolished public speaking...People do mind your idiotic determination to take Britain off a cliff without any mandate for a Hard Brexit 
Ireland has voted to remove blasphemy as an offence from the country’s constitution — In a referendum, 64.8% of voters were in favour of changing the law, with 35.1% supporting to punish blasphemy as a crime. 
Some of the replies to this are pretty ghoulish. He expresses solidarity on this dark day, and he's called a hypocrite, anti-semite, some are claiming the shooter was a supporter of his (he wasn't), and others are like, "But what about Brexit?" Really, really fucking ghoulish.  
Forget any "meaningful vote".I can see this happening:"Theresa May to trigger #NoDeal planning in 3 weeks"That's the 2nd week of November. After that, the time to Brexit would be spent passing bills to cope with the fallout.So ... HOW do we stop it? 
Andrea you are one of the very few #MPs in Parliament and in the @Conservatives that has the respect of 17,410,742 Brits who voted for #Brexit and we are Loyal to you as you have been Loyal to us! Keep up the good Fight with your Honesty, Integrity and Patriotic loveliness! #Tory 
Spoke to a chap today who sells imported stuff, which he doesn't directly import himself. Asked him if he's asked his suppliers about the Brexit situation.His reply? 'It's ok, it comes from China not the EU'.I despair. 
NI Food & Drinks Assoc Chair Declan Billington informs ignorant Tory MP Christopher Chope of the realities of Brexit uncertainty and the consequent reason for lack of Brexit preparedness in his industry in evidence session of 'Exiting the European Union Committee' Oct 24,2018.  
It’s sickening to hear GOP strategists & candidates gloating that recent events woke up and motivated their base. It’s either a celebration of violence (against women, Democrats, and Jews) or explicit acceptance of it. Nov 6 is a referendum on the state of the union.  Please vote 
Read this. It’s well worth your next five minutes.                                    The Midterm Elections Are a Referendum on Donald Trump | The New Yorker  
Theresa may launches a patriotic appeal to Eat less and save #brexit cod no meal is better than a bad meal  
We gave them £14.7M in 2015; & another £1.6M the other day, to safeguard jobs & to assist with Brexit.Neither of which matters to the exec team in #Ford.We’ve been played. Again.Give us our £16.6M back - we’ve got #AstonMartin’s road to build. 
This election isn't a referendum on Trump.It's about stopping Fascim.  #Vote. 
The Remainers’ caricature of Leave voters is wrong and they still fail to understand why people backed Brexit  via @B 
Can’t see how the PM can pivot to this now having a month ago describing re EEA “That would make a mockery of the referendum we had two years ago.” 
⁦@CarolineFlintMP⁩ in ⁦@yorkshirepost⁩: “Whatever happens, Flint struggles to say what benefits #Brexit will bring to the 70% of voters in #Doncaster who voted Leave, acknowledging it could take a decade before the true impact is realised.” 
Going to Norway this week ... some surprising Brexit voices, who had previously described Norway option as betrayal, fake Brexit etc etc now sniffing around it as a staging post... one wonders if the push for another referendum is changing Commons dynamics  
BREAKING NEWS. It's official - blasphemy is no longer a crime in the Republic of Ireland after yesterday's referendum repealed this portion of the Irish Constitution. Congratulations to the visionary and hardworking folks at Atheist Ireland!  
Britain caused #brexit The EU did'nt.Those who voted leave think they'll play a fair game then they have got it wrong. Our European comrades won't want to buy anything with the 'Butcher's apron' slapped on it. So why would Scotland?#KeepScotlandTheBrand 
Scotland is going to experience austerity like never before after brexit, Labour & Tories relish this, they are, along with the media both complicit & guilty of hiding the facts. We must #DissolvetheUnion 
The blasphemy referendum has passed by a margin of 64.85% to 35.15%  
Citizens in Ireland have voted in a referendum to remove the offence of blasphemy from the nation's constitution with almost 65% in favour of the move 
This is where we are:》The talks have collapsed》There's no majority in parliament for any Brexit position》Over 700,000 marched to demand a #PeoplesVote》The government's drawing up plans for a new referendum》All that"s left now is either #NoDealBrexit or #Remain 
All of us who did the #EUcitizensChampion launch activities in July, all those who supported them — we need more of you to join in so that no EU citizen is left behind because of Brexit. A #PeoplesVote, if it comes, is unlikely to help us. Please recognise that and help now. 20/ 
Referendum to remove reference to blasphemy from the Constitution has passed  
So brexiters #brexit is backed by Vladimir Putins Russia a hostile foreign power with the intention of damaging Britain. So either Putin is a fool or you are 
The passing of another progressive referendum proposal to modernise our constitution. Progress. More to do.  
So they used the 2016 Brexit ref to tell the people the UK's ills where the EU's faultThe fact is that the EU is not the problemThe problem is the UK's electoral system & the way our Gov and MPs act & behaveBrexit will solve nothingIt will just make them a lot worse  
Brexit was brought about because of the inequality of the UK's FPTP systemThis means a huge amount of votes in the UK count for nothingGE 2015 63.9% of the votes counted for almost nothingPeople felt unrepresented and ignoredThe leave campaign was aware of this inequality 
Schoolgirls on Brexit: ‘The adults are not thinking straight'  
#Brexit is like a #PremierLeague side wanting to be relegated, says @williamkeegan #MOTD 
Labour is now the main obstacle to another referendum. Let's just let that sink in.  
Hey Tory boy, Sinn Féin got 6% of the vote and Ireland still has a veto over your #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. Irish #sovereignty  
Is there anything that can’t be blamed on Brexit these days? Seriously, according to the #FBPE cult if we had voted remain we would have been living in a utopia only rivalled by the garden of Eden right now... 
WW2 is often citied in #Brexiteer quibbling; but #Brexit actually reverses the outcome of WW2.It revives the supremacist delusions of the 3rd Reich.It satiates an egotistical imagined history to justify a reactionary future.It invokes autocracy.We will resist.It will end. 
'What a coincidence' Tony Abbott secretly met Boris Johnson before savaging Theresa May's Brexit plan  @smh @theage #auspol 
Jonathan, It's appalling that you're weaponising this despicable act to score cheap political points. You're also clutching at straws by implying some wrong doing by Chris. If you're *so* concerned by fake news perhaps you should stop retweeting Brexit Tory and Guido Fawkes. 
The English have always tended to be suspicious of intellectuals & to favour commonsense. This can work quite well in everyday conditions. But where radical change or the unfamiliar is involved commonsense is useless. A thread:#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Got an hour or so to help stop #Brexit?Live in or near #Beeston / #Broxtowe?Contact @KavitaOHara about leafleting.(Remember the #peoplesvote is our last chance. Every leaflet matters. Please do your bit). 
Remember how ⁦⁦@LiamFox⁩ told us that doing a trade deal with the EU would be the easiest in history and that nations are queuing up to do deals with us? It’s Time to reconsider #Brexit.   
Labour has been accused of plotting to hold up no-deal Brexit preparations - in an attempt to force the collapse of the governmentOnce again, the Opposition are playing politics with Brexit for their own narrow, party political ends.  via @Telegraph 
Don’t forget the clocks go back tonight huns and then they’ll go back another 40 years on the 29th March 2019 #Brexit #ClocksBack 
Absolutely!  Brexit too ... get involved please!  
Another attempt by this appalling government to silence dissenting voices. For the first time in living memory, and probably much longer, we have a government that shuts down democracy whenever it finds it inconvenient & has the power to to suppress it.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Should Labour and Conservative parties split over brexit? 
Our true Catalan #heroes GDRs - Groups of #Resistance against racist,catalan #Nationalists and their leaders.sign the petition : @TabarniaSur #Spain @BBCNews @PeriscopeLSCT #Brexit #UE #Nazis #155ya #Barcelona #SCC #LBC @dailyexpressuk @bcnviafora 
A reminder of Iain Duncan Smith claiming that the Irish Presidential election was a factor in their attitude to Brexit because of fear of Sinn Féin.Ireland just re-elected Michael Higgins as President with 55% of the vote. The Sinn Féin candidate got 6%. 
Hello, motor industry workers of Swindon, Birmingham, Sunderland, Oxford, Essex & elsewhere in the UK. Did you vote to leave the EU? If so you might like to hear what the main Leave economist Prof Minford thinks will happen to your jobs post #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
I understand that people are desperate for any way out of this mess but we have to be realistic: the only way out is to withdraw Article 50. Even if “Norway now” were possible (it isn’t) it wouldn’t solve anything. It’s democratically outrageous & kicks hard Brexit can down road. 
Brexit is now out of the closet as a scorched earth policy. Minford is happy, even enthusiastic, in his appetite for the destruction of our current economic model. I think leave voters wanted a better life not some sort of economic afterlife. 
'Faster and safer change' was the promise by the Unionist Interest in 2014 providing Scots handed their sovereignty back, lock, stock & barrel to England. Now we sit, mute, awaiting the disaster of an English Brexit. Wake up Scotland #ScotRef 
There is NO such thing as EU money - EU has NO money of it's own!EU budget money is from nation state contributions of which UK taxpayers contribute about £10+ Billion.#Brexit will allow UK to cut out the Brussels middleman & pay subsidies direct to UK farmers & businesses.#EU 
Don't forget to put the clocks back 45 years this time round. #Brexit 
Mazi Nnamdi Kanu said ”give us #referendum and I will leave you alone; if you don't, I will tear #Nigeria; the zoo into pieces.”Indeed he is back full-time and has brougt the hell with him.  #Biafra #IPOB 
As much as I agree, independence isn’t an alternative to Brexit. It’s the choice to ensure that the people of Scotland get to choose what our future relationship with Europe is...or or position on Trident, illegal wars, the economy etc etc etc  
Election watchdog head QUITS after claims commission is biased against Brexit  via @MailOnline Great news. Put out the flags!  
Further understanding: Corbyn can't oppose Brexit as the media would slaughter him and because he has to respect the vote.As opposed to now, when the media love him. Oh and the Referendum involved criminality and external interference, so not much to be respected. 
Amazing, heading towards 70.000 please can you sign and retweet. Thank you so much ........    Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
May was told by senior ministers at Tuesday’s Cabinet meeting that they no longer trusted her Brexit negotiators and demanded full cabinet before anything is signed. Excerpt below#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
“You’ll gave to run it down” says Prof Patrick Minford about the British car industry.This is the main economist championing Brexit. The one who inspired Leave Means Leave. Brexit’s come a long way since it was hailed as a boon for manufacturing...  
Britain is also drawing up plans to charter ships to bring in food and medicines in the event of a “no-deal” Brexit next March.  This is just ridiculous now. Are we at War?  
"A million signatures proves the strength of feeling for a referendum on the Brexit deal": @Independent Editorial 
EHiCs are fantastic, especially for people with pre-existing medical conditions. This is such a backwards step #Brexit  
The clocks go back by an hour tonight. However, if you voted for Brexit, you’ve set the country back 50 years. 
Michael D Higgins has been elected for a second term as President of Ireland. Results are also in from 22 of 40 constituencies in the blasphemy referendum  #aras18 
I’m not opposed to *Corbyn*. I’ve never been particularly interested in party leaders, beyond their influence on the party.I’m opposed to the Lab’s at best  lackadaisical Brexit policy.When Lab opposes Brexit, whether or not Corbyn leads the party, I’ll support Labour. 
Point is that SNP now has to be more than "Stop Brexit Party" (that"s been tried) not just on doorsteps but on TV screens, SNP has to show how every issue we face is linked to upstream issue of independence -never easier as folk can see how Brexit links to all too #Constitutional 
Trump’s response to this week’s violence is reaching Charlottesville/Helsinki/Puerto Rico levels. He wanted this midterm to be a referendum on him. Well, here’s our chance. 
True. The fundamental problem is the religion of Brexit that has possessed the government. 
View from the US gives a much-needed arms-length perspective on Brexit. “Britain will on March 29 fall out of the EU into a weird world of isolation, cut off from its main trading partner and with no agreed status in the World Trade Organization.”  
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed. As the wife of a diabetic and mother of an asthmatic I think I can say this.I'm sorry if it's shocking but people are going to DIE if we Brexit.Stockpiling CANNOT be done! 
Bournemouth voted for Brexit. It's starting to feel the consequences  
FFS. This was a post about childhood. Nothing to do with Brexit. You're as bad as Andrew Adonis and Alastair Campbell. You all suffer from Brexit Derangement Syndrome. At least they have both admitted it! 
Petition to BLOCK a second referendum garners Tens of Thousands of Brexiteer signatures  
After Sarah Wollaston MP tweeted about my blogpost on British Consul and private health insurance in Spain many asked if there was a recording. Yes and I have now added a full transcript of it to the page @BremainInSpain @BritishInEurope @brexit_sham #FBPE 
So Tuesday's cabinet meeting was pretty brutal. Couple of quick points (summary attached).May basically told by some ministers that they no longer trusted her Brexit negotiators and demanded full cabinet before anything is signed.1/2  
Right, the reason I can 'respect' @Anna_Soubry and be a socialist, is because whether you like her or not, she does whatever her warped Tory mind thinks is right... That takes courage. The Labour party know brexit will damage this country but they don't have balls to stop it. 
Many EU nations are struggling to see how Theresa May can push any reasonable Brexit deal through Parliament, official says  
So did I a retired plumber who drove a white van and went to a comprehensive. I am not one of the Metropolitan elite. I just want a vote that is not won on steroids. The 2016 referendum should be disqualified. Not fit for purpose. A con by racketeers.  
Watching an old #Sherlock; when Dr Watson is cross with him Sherlock responds ‘that’s so 2 years ago’.The next time Lord Callanan says we must ‘respect the will of the people in the 2016 Referendum’, I shall tell him:‘That’s so 2 years ago’. 
It's clear that forces determined to wreck Brexit are joining forces against The British. How dare they. We are a sovereign people. Sold out by politicians, diluted by enforced mass immigration, but still resolute, still strong. We MUST now stand together. 
Gosh. It’s almost as if these times of #Brexit and open #Antisemitism and the rise of the #farright and the politics of #fear and #hatred and #racist rhetoric of #Trump and #Farage and their #dogwhistle tactics turn more white people into home grown terrorists. How odd. 
‘ What we are witnessing may be a nation, not just going into economic recession but a regression into political or cultural infantilism. The centre ground of politics has completely disappeared; the mad, the bad and the fools are now in charge.’ #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
The NDP’s #PropRep referendum is flawed at best, rigged at worst. Today and every day the @BCLiberalCaucus and I are working to defeat it. 
A self-destructive madness grips the U.K. as a no-deal Brexit looms - The Globe and Mail  
Seeing this posted on our timeline over and over.It's from 24th September. It's been superseded. It's old news.Have a pop at Labour's approach to Brexit, fair doos. But let's keep up please, Remain is on the table. Let's campaign for it.#PeoplesVote 
Europe wants orderly #Brexit, is not debating other scenarios – #Merkel  
If you want a final say on Brexit but haven't yet written to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote, heres how:  - it only takes a couple of minutes! #WriteThisWrong 
JUST IN!!! Panic: We'll not vote for anybody, Only Referendum will solve the Problem Of Nigeria" - Nnamdi Kanu Spits Fire during Live Broadcast  
I’m trying to think of reasons why brexiteers support Brexit in the face of evidence. What if their aim IS to wreck the economy - which they blame on others: EU, Liberals, immigrants - to bring about the conditions for extreme right ascendency and we’re back in 1930s Germany. 
1/ A few clips from this @RemainiacsCast. Special guest @NickCohen4 just simply brilliant this week. 'I always say the biggest lie about Brexit, far bigger than the £350m on the side of a bus, was this is easy, that this will be easy.' @NickCohen4 
Apparently Mr. Corbyn will take us back to the 70s.. This from a tory govt that will destroy workers rights/human rights, aided and abetted by the MP for the 18th century Jacob Rees-Mogg, if you support #Brexit, you are helping the vulture capitalists get rich, as we get poorer 
This is an outrageDisgraceful trying to link Brexit with Cancer is a disgraceThat a doctor is involved makes it even more shocking.This doctor states because we may no longer be a member of Euratom some drugs may be harder to purchase.This is unethical and I’m sure untrue  
Who decides if the Brexit we were promised is the Brexit we will get?A handful of MPs or every single one of us?A lucky dip vote or consent from 46 million people?A few or the many?We demand a say on the biggest decision of our lives.#PeoplesVote 
Nigel Farage - "Now Italy is beginning to realise that you cannot be a democratic nation and a member of the EU. "I’ve said it before, I’ll say again, it is only a matter of time before this breaks up. And the betting is Italy will do it." #Italexit #Brexit  
From @bopinion: It's time for another Brexit referendum  
So proud of @LiadhNiRiadaMEP in Dublin Castle as she reminds the President the importance of a conversation on Irish Unity in light of #brexit, & that this must be the last election that the rest of us as Irish citizens in the 6cos are denied a vote for Uachtarán na hÉireann! 
U.K. irrelevant. We have chosen our own decline. Brexit.  
Brilliant profile of ⁦@sajidjavid⁩ by ⁦@Sathnam⁩ - lots of things I didn’t know, compellingly weaved togetherSajid Javid interview – the home secretary on Asian grooming gangs, Brexit and leadership ambitions | The Times Magazine | The Times  
Remainers falsely framed the Brexit vote as a choice between economic stability and democratic legitimacy - Chris Bullivant  
Liam Fox's plan to swiftly replicate the EU's terms with the World Trade Organization has failed.Now Britain must enter what are likely to be lengthy talks with other members on basic conditions of trade after Brexit: 
.@LibDems leader @vincecable urged @MichelBarnier to stop talking up a no-deal Brexit & instead make contingency plans for a referendum after the EU’s chief negotiator admitted that a parliamentary impasse in the UK was standing in the way of a deal 
It doesn’t get mentioned enough but the reason so many people are advocating a #PeoplesVote on the final deal is because the #brexit campaign promised the UK would be better off out but this deal is shite compared to EU membership. 
If Labour get one last chance to stop BREXIT & refuse. EVEN the Tories could avoid the blame, for the disaster it WILL cause.Does Corbyn want to survive the BREXIT crisis? Will Labour let him waste this last chance?IT'S CRUNCH TIME Labour!  
The airline industry should prepare for chaos if no Brexit trade deal is signed in the coming weeks, IATA says  
PUBLIC CONFIDENCE in Theresa May to deliver good Brexit Deal has completely collapsed.  Only 19% believe #May will deliver a good deal for #Brexit, or even wants to.  Voters realise May deceived us from stary.    @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #Brexit  
You don't get it either. Whether there's a #Brexit or not is irrelevant. Millions of us won't vote for either party if they've backed it. If that means Labour loses...tough. It will be Labour's fault for ignoring us & supporting this #BrexitShamblesPS It was c. 3/4 of a million 
A leaver friend has just whatsapped me photos of political propaganda from Wetherspoons. I've asked her to take some leaflets so I can share with you. He won. Why is he printing pro Brexit material now? Rattled?? 
in 2015 EU overplayed their hand and it lead to Brexit.In 2018 they're doing the same and we'll Leave with No Deal.Good!Viva Brexit!  
This #3Blokesinapub episode was filmed after they finished @OFOCBrexit Sunderland:Bothered about Brexit event. Loving @JasonJHunter 's NE4EU badge!  
Get your 'monsters of Brexit' Halloween masks on our website.  
Theresa May could back a new referendum  
Mark Noble cost us 3 points and as a punishment for him, we deserve to have a second referendum 
If we are to run out of food with brexit why do Aldi and Lidl keep building stores ? 
I'm voting for PR: 1) for better representation in the legislature.2) FPTP isn't working & it's time to try something new.3) in the legislation we will have another referendum after 2 elections to see if we want to keep PR. WIN WIN.Don't buy into the hysteria. #bcpoli 
BREAKING: Lara Trump said The midterm elections is not a referendum on president Trump “I don’t think it’s a referendum on the president directly if Republicans do not hold their seat or they lose a seat.”Lara Trump is Wrong The Election is a referendum on President Trump 
Theresa May tries to belittle the #PeoplesVote by calling it a “politicians’ vote.” The huge numbers for the petition & march will tell her different, each person the tip of an iceberg. The truth is that Brexit is a Politicians’ Coup - a small gang of them. 
Remember British pols like IDS, Owen Paterson, etc saying that Leo Varadkar was taking a tough line on Brexit over fears about Sinn Fein in the presidential election? They got EIGHT per cent. Worth remembering next time they talk about Ireland  #brexit  
You anti democracy loud mouths need to get your head round that we are a sovereign nation and if we have changed our minds about Brexit then who can tell us we can’t have a #PeoplesVote. Not the failed Leave Elites. #LeaveMeansFail 
British government plan to swiftly replicate the EU's terms with the World Trade Organization has failed. Now Britain must enter what are likely to be lengthy talks with other members on basic conditions of trade after Brexit. 
“We must protect Europe as a democratic, peaceful force in the world.”French barrister Julien Fouchet has launched a movement called Pan European Citizens Solidarity (PECS) calling on all EU citizens, including Britons “to rise against Brexit”. 
Yet it’s ok you you to take part in a rally for the Far-Right in Munich or join the march for a 2nd vote in Brexit, or cheat on ur husband or complain about people calling their kids after places as being stupid, how is India by the way? 
.@JasonJHunter gave an interesting and informative talk to a packed hall in Saxmundham, Suffolk today on why Brexit is economic suicide. We live-streamed it on Facebook. Really worth watching. Please share.  
I was a Prison Officer for 10 years. The 1 time domestic murderers were just average folk in the main. They flipped out once. A minority had MH issues. What is happening in USA with MAGA & in UK with BREXIT & the Right is something else -it is long term radicalisation & V serious 
My address!!! Never heard of the person though. And they never lived in my house. How the heck is this referendum going to be considered fair or accurate #StackedDeck #riggedgame #nopr4bc 
People keep asking me to sign this petition to stop a 2nd EU referendum. No, I won’t sign it. I refuse to play the games of the anti-democratic Remoaners. We were asked a question, we gave the answer. We don’t need petitions to make our case for democracy.  
Oh look, one million people have signed the @Independent’s petition for a referendum on Brexit. I thought we’d already done that...  
My latest article, on all Britain stands to lose w/ Brexit, & how we can’t take the EU for granted. I was inspired by the stories of Brits in the EU/Europeans in the UK (@InLimboBrexit) where a sense of loss is palpable. Let’s keep fighting for our future 
The #Brexit supporter tribes!  
If you are so confident that Remain will lose a new referendum, why are you so terrified of holding one?Mind you, given your acts of sedition, "terrified" is probably the term that best describes your state at any given moment in time.  
Having the referendum losers dictate the Government's Brexit policy spells trouble - Patrick O'Flynn MEP  
Nigel Farage: Italy is stuck inside a German-dominated currency that's done their country no good at all.Now beginning to realise cannot be a democratic nation & member of #EUOnly a matter of time before EU breaks up!Betting is Italy will do it!#Brexit 
Now that the blasphemy referendum is over, and it’s most certainly passed, can we have a national re-showing/re-screening of @montypython Life of Brian because it was banned when it originally came out because of that law? @JohnCleese @EricIdle @TerryGilliam 
Guy I know was on his phone on the Strand the day after the Brexit vote, talking Spanish to his builder. Stranger squared up to him: "You're in England, speak fucking English". My mate responded with full Danny Dyer "What the FUCK did you say to me, you cunt?" & the guy ran.  
Election Comission head QUITS amid anti-Brexit BIAS claims at watchdog Good to see that the biased Electoral  Commission Chief has tendered her resignation and three other panel members are also leaving at the end of this month.Good riddance. 
The UK press still frames Brexit as an on-going ‚negotiation‘ or as a ‚divorce‘, the latter implying a separation of equals. It is neither one. This is a test of power -1:27 - and we all know how it will end. The only variable is in how much the EU can let the UK save face. 
Inspiring talk by @Andrew_Adonis in Perth today, spelling out clearly the undeniable fact of the foolishness of Brexit. There is no argument for leaving.....we must, must stay in the EU  
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
Should the #EU fail I sincerely believe that it will usher in a #populist #fascism that will destroy the precarious #liberal #democracy we have attempted to nurture since 1945 and that those that led #Brexit will be at the vanguard of this alt right renaissance. 
The election tomorrow is the biggest referendum towards the PT the country has produced.More than electing Bolso, it is the judgement of what Lula and the PT produced in the past 16yrs.Anyone with strong anti-PT narrative could have won.Bolso was in the right place at right time. 
What is it with leavers and WW2? I've just had one ranting at me about honouring the sacrifice of his ancestors by accepting brexit. 
Half of UK still believes myth that NHS will get £350m a week after BrexitDemonstrating how effective the Big Lie propaganda technique is. After they’ve been convinced of something people don’t want to admit they’ve been fooled#BrexitLies 
Grateful to Bloomberg for this. U.K. media seem not to consider newsworthy that central plank of @LiamFox Brexit strategy has collapsed  
Guardian presents this as "Russia squeezing an advantage from Brexit".But I checked it out: the 19 other countries "blocking Fox's WTO plan" include USA, Canada, Australia & New Zealand.A clear case of fact selection to suit a preconceived narrative.   
A little thread on MY personal Brexit "Dividend" I have been waiting patiently & with barely baited breath for someone.. anyone to provide a single benefit to me & mine of #Brexit.. The question has been asked of many MPs & talking heads on both sides of the debate…1/ 
#Brexit has already caused 2.1% damage to GDP (we've dropped from the top to the bottom of the G7). To put this into context 2% GDP = £440million per week.... We've already suffered more economic damage than the "BrexitDividend" that #Boris promised us! #Brexit: #Isitworthit? NO! 
John Redwood: Well done Chris Grayling!Transport Secretary went to Calais & nailed Project Fear lie Calais to mount economic blockade or go slow on UK goods.Mayor of Calais made clear they value UK trade & will ensure port runs smoothly after #Brexit#EU 
The President of Exeter Conservatives offers some Brexit advice to the Prime Minister.  
" If there is NO AGREEMENT TO LEAVE the #EU then #Brexit MUST BE STOPPED! "PETITION is going well again, and has now passed 84,000 SIGNATURES!!PLEASE SIGN IT & REPEATEDLY ReTWEET to help it reach 100,000 signatures by the 18th November 2018 deadline!! 
Almost none of the Conservative or Labour front bench has a clue about the incredible detail required across 30+ industrial sectors, logistics, finance, tariffs, medicine, industry, airlines, academia etc to even begin to formulate or negotiate a "good" Brexit. 
No deal should NOT be an option! We should just #StopBrexitAgree? Then please SIGN and RT this petitionSigned already?Then RT it please, even if you have Rtd it before"If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped"SIGN this  
After several phone calls and 2 formal complaints about their refusal to commit, my travel insurance company have finally said in writing that I am not covered for any Brexit related travel disruption.So if you are planning a holiday abroad in April... 
Destroying the fantasy that #Brexit will help the NHS is just one reason why the work of @NHSvBrexit is so important.If we as #Labour supporters fail to stand against Brexit, we will fail the #NHS. 
The 'lie on a bus' was emblematic of the deceit practised by Leavers before the referendum. They're still peddling the same lies. That's why I'm supporting @MarcusJBall in his plan to prosecute Boris Johnson.  
Those 100 RemainiacMPs are a disgrace to democracy and clearly unfit for public office: the manifestos on which they stood specifically stated that Brexit meant the end of the Single Market and Customs Union.And no-one suggested another vote (for which there's no time anyway) 
True hell, for the Tories, is a Brexit deal that destroys Theresa May's successor. My Telegraph column:  
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
Parliament devolved the Brexit decision to the electorate.Both the main parties committed to acting on the result in their manifestos.The debate on Brexit is over.The new debate is how we should embrace our new freedom.  
The WTO, has told them that this would be the case, so why are they acting shocked now.It seems they will have to make new deals with each country which will take YRS,.So really they & their Brexit would B better back in the cage they escaped from & let's get on with life.  
He waffled again about Asians, to which I had to descend to his level:You do realize that :Europeans = whiteAsians = brown?He looked surprised.I then said : And Brexit is about stopping whites coming here? Not Browns?The look of bewilderment on his face was incredible. 
Jeremy Corbyn urged to back amendment for second Brexit vote Read this! All about a forthcoming amendment - much awaited!  
The xenophobic racist underbelly of Brexit where anybody who is 'other' is now a legitimate target...  
EXCELLENT talk by @JasonJHunter on what a No Deal Brexit would look like. Many thanks to @SuffEUAlliance for organising. Thanks toJason who does this for FREE!! Gave up his job. (Jason - pls RT your crowdfunding link.)#3Blokesinapub 
This Budget is all part of the Brexit plan  
The Remainers' caricature of Leave voters shows they still fail to understand why people backed Brexit - Matthew Goodwin  
Varadkar CLAIMS "the voice of Northern Ireland isn't being heard the way it should be during the Brexit negotiations"SAYS the very same man who is COLLUDING with the EU to undermine N Ireland in the face of FORMIDABLE opposition by the DUP 
The Brexit vote: People voted Leave most often in those parts of England which had the worse health trends & the greatest rises in mortality rates in the two years after the vote, and to which the least immigrants had come in the year before the vote.   
A "welcome to reality moment" for the UK as more and more WTO countries start to take advantage of its post-Brexit vulnerability to get more favourable terms (for them) -a.k.a. "those great free trade deals" leavers all voted for (apparently)  
Early voting locations are open until 7 p.m. Countywide Question is on the last page of the ballot. Find out about the referendum at:  
And what caused Brexit? A lot of people whipping up hatred and anger, including the former editor of the Daily Mail.  
@Conservatives #Brexit policy for dummies #GetTheToriesOut  
Introducing ANDBREX bog wipe  because LEAVE MEANS LEAVES #BREXIT  
She was among the first to grasp that Robespierre was a demagogue, publicly calling him a murderer and a dictator, and was arrested - and eventually executed - for distributing literature calling for a referendum on the most desirable regime that should replace the monarchy. 
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped We've got until 18/11/18 to get to 100,000 signatures.Please everyone help get them. 
Nearly half the British public still believe the lie that #Brexit will provide a £350m per week dividend for the NHS.  #Leavelies have utterly perverted Brexit as a democratic process. Should they go unpunished?#PeoplesVote 
SNP MEP Alyn Smith revealed BRITISH MEPs [who can reasonably be called FIFTH COLUMNISTS] are working together to help anti-Brexit MPs make the case to stop the UK leaving the blocSo British fifth columnists can be found in Brussels  
New poll confirms No Deal or Canada-Plus as public’s favoured Brexit outcome - Brian Monteith  
Seriously everything Brexit is utter BS; sovereignty, easy trade deals, frictionless trade, sunlit uplands, no borders/borders, £350M, protecting our NHS, control, dividend, democracy.... all total crap. But still they stamp their feet and demand it, whatever ‘it’ is. 
Quick reminder - almost exactly 1% of the UK's population swung the 1st referendum. There is no universe in which that type of tiny margin should be allowed to risk UK's prosperity, freedoms, rights and sovereignty.  The referendum was badly conceived and appallingly executed 
So in summary:- nobody should criticise Corbyn and anyone who does is a Tory. - Corbyn has to support Brexit to win the next election.- Corbyn is too busy fighting fascism to oppose Brexit.- Corbyn is responsible for nothing but deserves credit for everything.Got it now. 
I love that Remainers would stage a protest like this thinking it makes Jacob Rees-Mogg and Brexit supporters look the foolish ones.  
Sir Paul Nurse, director of top scientific research institute @TheCrick: ‘Scientists are not particularly pompous. We rely a lot on evidence. And this isn’t what Brexit is about..’Brexiteer extremist’ MPs tend to be extremely arrogant, extremely abusive, bullies’  
MEP @DanielJHannan explains why #CANZUK is the most popular idea in politics and the best idea for the #UK after #Brexit.#cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #ukpolitics 
A positive but cold afternoon on Slough's Farnham Road with the #Brexitometer.Most Slough people think #Brexit isn't going well and that they aren't going to benefit from it.We need a #PeoplesVote to resolve the mess the government has created. 
There was no “Lie” on the side of the bus. It didn’t say we will GIVE £350million to our nhs, it said “let’s fund our nhs instead” #NotFakeNews #Brexit  
It's wrong for second referendum campaigners to demonise Leave voters as "extremists" who "hate other countries" and "hate foreigners". After all, it is rather extreme for unelected Lords to try and overturn the result of a democratic vote.  
One million people sign The Independent's petition for a Final Say on Brexit vote  
Brexit "economist" Professor Patrick Minford says it's in the best interests of the UK for manufacturing industries in Wales to be run down.  
Without a second referendum vote on the final deal there is no informed consent to Brexit. Valid consent requires Govt to set out the final version of Brexit, impartial evidence & allow people to weigh up the risks and benefits of #BrexitReality 
It is not a myth.It is an outright lie.They knew it was a lie, and still told it.They know we know it is a lie, and they still tell it.#Brexit is a scam. We want to #StopBrexit and #RemainInTheEU, @eucopresident,@MichelBarnier, @guyverhofstadt. 
NEWS! Clocks going back means Brexit is delayed by another full hour, moan Brexiters  
The people of Sevenoaks are still speaking on Brexit. Interesting responses so far. #testyourbrexity #Brexitometer @AtStalls @brexitometerhq 
 Do you believe that the First Minister Nicola Sturgeon should call a second independence referendum before the UK leaves the EU? #ScotRef #Indyref2 [plz vote and share for larger sample] 
Any politician who is lying to you about Brexit, like a “jobs first Brexit” wants it to go through.   
Fantastic event organised by @EurodeskUK & @MomentumWorld getting a room full of youngsters to get out of bed on a Sat morning to debate #Brexit is an achievement in itself! I was so impressed by how well informed and engaged they were on all sides of the debate!  Well done!  
London never closed, mate. Why are we wasting taxpayer cash on this virtue signalling crap whilst robberies go unchallenged and kids bleed to death on the streets of London – a much greater threat to tourism than Brexit!  
They told us after Brexit we'd be making the easiest trade deals in history. In reality they can't even get their minimal back up deal to work in time.The people voted for a fairy tale.We were all lied to. That's why we need a people's vote on the real, actual final deal.  
General agreement from everyone that understanding & knowledge about the #EU was too poor to hold a referendum on the subject. My #24ReasonstoRemain facts & info booklets were greatly received. As were the #StopBrexit beermats & #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw stickers!  
This week sees the @Independent's petition for a final say reach over 1 million signatures.  As the disaster of Brexit unfolds, and more and more people reach the conclusion that however you voted in 2016 no one voted for this mess,momentum for a People's Vote just gets stronger! 
John Major "those who promised what will never be delivered will have much to answer for. They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer. That will never be forgotten – nor forgiven." #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The nearer we get to Brexit Day, the more desperate the metropolitan elite are becoming - Fawzi Ibrahim  
Independent "Final Say" referendum just topped ONE MILLION signatures! Overwhelming demand for #PeoplesVote. Our government and our opposition are complicit in denying our democratic rights. It must end now! 
I told them I care about the same things as they do, I want jobs & opportunities to be safeguarded for young people. I want to ensure a strong economy & funding for public services. But I listen to the facts & the evidence is showing that #Brexit will damage their futures. 
This is an utterly disgraceful attack on cancer sufferers such as myself who voted for Brexit. Scaremongering nonsense and holes in @RealJohnDean’s argument the size of Jupiter. 
A week ago today, 700,000 of you marched on Parliament to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.Thank you for marching with us. Now it's time to email your MP and #WriteThisWrong. Please take action today:  
FFS - still? Repeat after me: We. Do. Not. Send. The. EU. £350m. A. Week. British public still believe Vote Leave ‘£350million a week to EU’ myth from Brexit referendum  
This Tory Govt is CAUSING this. They aren't ever going to "deal" with it. That's the point. We need a Corbyn-led Labour Govt to fix this country, with or without Brexit ffs. 
Simon Kuper thinks it's a patriotic duty to keep fighting Brexit  
Tories’ Brexit policy  
In no way defending Kelly's blackface comment, but it seems like the hatchets were out and this was just the "best" way to sweep her from the stage. Problematic to view this as any kind of referendum on "PC" culture w/o understanding biz dynamics. 
Every time. Every goddamn time.Ask a Brexiter to name one single benefit of Brexit, and they either run away or hurl abuse.What more proof do you need? THEY HAVE NOTHING. Their sole aim is the ruin of the UK.  
It will be ordinary people not the rich who will be impacted by the loss of freedom of movement. So why does Corbyn support this restoration of the privilege of wealth? As #Brexit strangles the economy it will be increasingly the poor who will seek to emigrate. #PeoplesVote 
EXCLUSIVE from me.@TonyAbbottMHR secretly met @BorisJohnson before savaging @theresa_may's #Brexit strategy. Abbott outed their catch up, confiding in @doughtyMP not realising he was a Labour and not Tory MP!  | via @smh @theage 
Gee staying in Brexit Britain just gets better & better. I'd like to add, Edinburgh voted 75% to REMAIN in the EU.  
152 days until Exit.It is obvious that no matter what anyone says or does we been have sold to the Middle East.All talk of Brexit is a cover for what is really going on.Wake up Britain, you are slaves.Remember Spartacus?#FreeSpeech #MBGA 
PS, before you start, please see my timeline with 24 months straight of criticising the Tories handling of Brexit, only a tiny proportion of tweets about Labour, and those that are usually being re-tweets from Labour MPs, MEPs, members and supporters. 
MPs who are doctors from every major political party all say Brexit is bad for the NHS, and that we should check the Brexit deal with the public in a #PeoplesVote before we leave 
Why are remain demanding another referendum on the grounds that the people were lied to. . . .The dumb shits don't realise that the people who were lied to were the people who voted leave and who have no complaints whatsoever about what they were told. Dumb or what ?? 
We were told Brexit would be good for NHS. Yet it’s MPs who are doctors who are among most opposed. It really is Brexit OR the NHS. Thanks to ⁦@sarahwollaston⁩ ⁦@Dr_PhilippaW⁩ ⁦@PaulWilliamsMP⁩ et al for your leadership   
Jeremy Corbyn urged to back Commons amendment for second Brexit vote  
Members block the UK's bid to fast-track its post-Brexit entry into the World Trade Organisation | City A.M. Not on the news where you are Scotland. The U.K. is now in splendid isolation with no meaningful trade deals. What a farce. #dissolvetheunion 
IN DENIAL: Nearly half British public still believe the ‘£350m a week 'Vote Leave' lie /#Brexit #NHS #PeoplesVote 
Brexit will create austerity on steroids Mr Corbyn, taking us back to the dark days of the early 1970s when the UK was the sick man of Europe.  
Top economist @AdamPosen highlights a few home truths about UK global trade post Brexit.Perhaps @LiamFox should watch this to fully understand a fact of economic life - gravity - you trade far far more with the countries that are close to you. 
Over 137,000 people from across Taiwan and the world took part in the 2018 #TaiwanPride, helping to bring the world’s attention to Taiwan’s continued fight to improve LGBTQ rights. Apart from the March, some iconic figures also joined our “referendum simulation.”  
Brexit news: May begged Juncker to help her save Chequers!  Is there NO LIMIT to the perfidy of this pathetic, crooked, incompetent REMAINER?               #fo2eu 
It's Saturday! It's #FBPEParty Day!@theresa_may is leading us towards ruin.@jeremycorbyn does nothing about it.If you believe #Brexit would be destructive & the referendum result was ill-gotten, now's the time to stand up for the UK.#PeoplesVote #RemainOption #FBPE #WATON 
We're less than 1000 signatures away from the 1 million mark - join our #FinalSay campaign and call for a referendum on the final Brexit deal  
*When your boyfriend just told you he supports Brexit*  
27 WTO members block Britain's attempt to avoid #Brexit chaos by fast-tracking #WTO deal.No doubt there are some #Leavers out there that will blame this on the EU too.#ToldYouSo#ProjectReality 
Key line in this view of Brexit from Canada: "What we are witnessing may be a nation, not just going into economic recession but a regression into political or cultural infantilism."  
Remember to turn your clocks back an hour tonight.Except for Brexit voters who already turned their clocks back 50 years in June 2016. 
What an unprecedented shit-show Brexit is. From A to Z, nothing but corruption and incompetence. We've become a bent-banana republic, rotten to the core. Claire Bassett to step down as head of Electoral Commission 
Tens of Thousands of Brexiteers Sign Petition to Block Second Referendum  
Really don’t see the point of this. I’ve never voted in Parliament against Brexit happening. What I will vote against is Brexit at all costs without the #informedconsent of the British people #PeoplesVote 
A majority of UK constituencies no longer back Brexit. After the biggest poll yet, #BestforBritain and Hope Not Hate have produced a new map of British attitude towards Brexit and the tide has turned:  
Great morning campaigning with @theSNP colleagues @aqualine34 and Cllr Andy Steel along with #teamRenSouth in Johnstone! Lots of good conversations on the doors with strong support for the #SNP and growing concern over #brexit. #activesnp 
Our petition for a #FinalSay on Brexit is about to pass 1,000,000 signatures.At our march with @peoplesvote_uk campaigner @Femi_Sorry explained why a second referendum *is* the will of the people.Sign here:  
Lord Adonis will call on all Scottish MPs to back a public vote on the terms of the UK’s Brexit deal to honour the Remain vote across Scotland in 2016. 
Brexit isn't some kind of illness which requires a cure. It was a mature, rational decision about the governance of this country and people should respect that.  
When I was asked by @SODEMAction'How do you think #Brexit will benefit the #British people?'This is what I said.RT if you agree...@GaryLineker @DeborahMeaden @SODEMAction @IanDunt @mrjamesob @Femi_Sorry @FFSake_ @acgrayling @peoplesvote_uk @ThatTimWalker 
Excuse me, but I would like to return this Brexit. It’s not satisfactory quality, it’s not as described, and it’s certainly not fit for purpose. You can have it back according to the Consumer Rights Act 2015.Time for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit 
Nearly 13,000 march in Taiwan Gay Pride parade for referendum vote  
Brexit supporter and British film icon Michael Caine has called the unelected EU “fascist” in a candid interview with the BBC.  
Leading ‘stop Brexit’ figures - Marsan, Soubry, Cable (although on last one who actually knows) - all attack Corbyn while lionising Thatcher. It’s because in their world - despite the food banks, falling wages and expensive rents - everything was absolutely fine until 2016. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has dubbed "bird brained" these protestors that confronted him in Saltford. The campaigners say a post-Brexit trade deal with the US could result in the UK importing chlorinated chicken and hormone-treated beef.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg |  
Remember what Brexiters told the public in the referendum campaign:“Trade deals on day one”“The easiest trade deal in history”“We hold all the cards”Brexit is unravelling. It’s putting jobs at risk. It was mis-sold with a pack of lies. #StopBrexit. 
when you realise that BREXIT is about anger at unavailable international vacuum cleaners.  
‘For the people who dreamed up Brexit, its patriotism was always a lie, an appeal to a national myth of struggle & victory – Churchill’s ‘sunlit uplands’, defeat of Spanish Armada, Empire..they wanted a low-tax, offshore Singapore, conveniently ignoring the real British economy’  
One more reason to abandon Brexit? Jacob Rees-Mogg will 'flee the country' if Conservative Party abandons Brexit  
Given the impact it will have on the economy you can't support  #Brexit and at the same time support putting more funding into teaching or any public service. Labour are talking dangerous mince.  
EU citizens! Soon the shit will really hit the fan in Brexit Britain, because they will soon run out of toilet paper. But fear not, they can just use Tje New European instead. 
Heading towards 63.000 please sign and retweet Many thanks    Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Thousands march in Taiwan Gay Pride parade for referendum vote  
More than 998,000 people have signed our petition for a #FinalSay on Brexit  
Conservative MEP Daniel Hannan tells @mattrfrei that EU citizens living in the UK "should be treated like any other overseas national" after Brexit and not automatically given the right to vote. 
Whatever Brexit deal or no deal we get will leave the UK with a worse deal than the current deal with the EU. We must put our country and the future of our children & grandchildren first and admit that we have made a terrible mistake. Let’s have a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. 
Conservative leaders who love the EU more than their party have in the past lost their jobs. Theresa May should learn the lessons of history, and show some backbone against the bullies in Brussels. #Brexit  
Hundreds of thousands march for marriage equality in Taiwan amid referendum debate  
No Deal should NOT be an optionNo Deal will be catastrophic for the UKNo Deal should mean we #StopBrexit Agree?  Then SIGN and SHARE this petition!   If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped#FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Chloe Westley - "I would argue single market membership is essentially EU membership. "Free movement, laws being written in Brussels, payments to the EU – all of those things would have to continue if we stayed in the single market." #Brexit  
People still believe ‘£350million a week to EU’ myth from the Brexit referendum  
In a pathetic effort to hide the unrelenting horror of Brexit, the Brexit Secretary has refused multiple requests to give evidence before Parliament. Now, he says he won’t until the final deal is done. Be afraid. Be very afraid.  
See you in a few minutes then!   Hope not to spoil your holiday with Brexit facts.  
‘I sleep in Northern Ireland but my living room is in the Republic’ - six schoolgirls from Crossmaglen on the Irish #Border talk #Brexit, how it might affect them & their advice for @MichelBarnier & @theresa_may on the talks - WATCH video via @IrishTimes 
Time for a @michaelgove alert. The @NickBoles ‘Norway for Now’ plan is part of Gove project to get Blind Brexit by March, kick out @theresa_may then have ‘proper Brexiteer’ installed. ‘How about me?’ Shouts Govey. @TraceyUllmanTV beware 
Before the #EUreferendum @MikeGalsworthy of @Scientists4EU wrote that UK scientists are in the 'driving seat' of extraordinary #EU #scientific research. But that will all change after #Brexit. Watch this 2-minute video and read Mike’s article at:  #FinalSay 
VIDEO: Lord Lamont explains some unpleasant facts about the #EU and it's long track record of making countries vote again when a referendum result isn't to their liking!#brexit #BrexitFakeNews #BrexitBetrayal #Brexiteers #BrexitReality #Immigration #BNP 
Irony: The Brexit camp are speeding up EU integration by forcing us to have to rejoin meaning the following may no longer be true:UK not in schengen (need passport to enter UK), Euro, Common asylum policy (eu has nothing to do with our refugee policy). WE have rebate & vetoes. 
a referendum costs £142m.Brexit is already costing us £500m A WEEK.if you back Brexit, you don't get to say that a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain would be a waste of money. 
Say the traitors trying to sell Britain to Putin, Trump and a band of ruthless international klepticrats. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Carol Ann Duffy: ‘With the evil twins of Trump and Brexit … There was no way of not writing about that, it is just in the air’  
Sarah, U absolute gem. I will be RT your video repeatedly, it’s awesome. Youve nailed it It should have at least 10,000 views. #PeoplesVote Inspiration #FBPE STOP #Brexit Chaos @SODEMAction @peoplesvote_uk @acgrayling @nickreeves9876 @nickynoo007 @ValeforEurope @EuroMove_MK RT 
So today marks 29 years since I rode my CitroenBX into Camden town, after a long drive from Germany. Two weeks before the wall came down in Berlin and no one had an inkling. And now #Brexit and I feel I have lost my home all over again. 
Those replying to this to say ‘what about Brexit’ please listen to Bolsonaro’s speech. Yes, Brexit is a disaster, but it’s deeply problematic to say people can’t independently comment on the potential imminent election of a fascist in a country with over 200 million people  
Brexit can & should be stopped - they love the message here in Scotland! Piles of my book with Will Hutton in Aberdeen’s Waterstones  
PeoplesVote does save democracy. What nonsense claim is that. PV at best stops brexit but leaves Tories in power to continue to destroy the UK as has been the case since 2010.The country hasnt fallen apart because of Brexit vote. It is falling apart because of Tory policies. 
Michel Barnier told to plan for second Brexit referendum as Final Say petition approaches one million signatures - The Independent  
Wish my Spanish language skills were better & when this nonsense is finally over they will be. Before referendum I was studying Spanish an hour each day, but it was another casualty of my fight against Brexit. I will get back to it though. I'm never leaving Spain - it's home.  
(2 of 2)his nominations now near 500,000 signatures Why PUIGDEMONT?.@KRLS  is elected President of #Catalonia in EXILE for holding #1Oct Referendumhis 27Sept2015 electoral mandate  
As ever, if you want to know in detail what the hell is going on with the Dublin-Brussels end of Brexit, @tconnellyRTE is here to oblige  For the latest Westminster-Whitehall shenanigans get yourself a Sunday Times tomorrow 
Apparently the Royal visit to Tonga is 'especially important' for a future trade deal with the U.K.  Tonga - population just over 103,000 - will that replace our losses from #Brexit - or will it be of as much value as a chocolate fire guard? You decide #PeoplesVote 
This is unprecedented. If you are impacted by Brexit and have so far been asleep, now is the time to wake up. The UK’s bid to fast-track its entry to the WTO has failed. The UK will be the only country in the world without a trade deal. This is not normal.  
You really are knobs aren't you. I'd vote Labour in a flash if it *opposed* brexit. Even bloody corbyn. I support social justice, I support not shitting on the little guy. All Labour has to do is OPPOSE brexit. 
WHERE'S BREXIT... – CHEQUERS & A TRANSITION ARE AN EXISTENTIAL THREAT TO OUR INDUSTRY.Where we are is a very dark place.The industry, and our country, is now on a knife edge of either a Brexit  boom or total betrayal. Read why here -->  
REVEALED: Theresa May begged Jean-Claude Juncker to help her save her DOOMED Chequers plan  Weak sadly without vision unless prompted by civil service #brexit 
Brexit: French officials dismiss UK fears of Calais 'go-slow'  
It’s time for Scotland tae get serious!!Your country,her ppl and their well being Are at risk #Brexit Job losses,More food banks etc Better together was a lie! Don’t get DUPed again.Scotland must stand up now #DissolveTheUnion Tick tock,time waits fir no man  
Brexit is coming.  
1) let's speculate - What if Corbyn had whipped his MPs *against* Article 50 instead of for it 18 months ago?We know the Tories are making a shambles of #brexit, and we know this was widely predictedWhere would Corbyn & Labour be now?#peoplesmarch 
And Brexit will make it worse - by orders of magnitude.Do you really not see this?Or do you see it, and actually prefer austerity to prosperity?We need a #PeoplesVote 
MKFM may have given you an easy ride @iainastewart @MarkLancasterMK, but your arguments for Brexit & against a #PeoplesVote wouldn't stand up against our friends at @EuroMove_MK! Why not meet them for a debate and try?  
BREAKING: March organizers always exaggerate crowd numbers, the picture in the reply below proves that.Many inside Government have confirmed there will be NO 2nd Referendum and NO #PeoplesVote Just for fun, how many crybabies were on the #LosersMarch a week ago ? 
My Cousin fishes out of Peterhead and yes he voted Tory in last election after promises they would be made Lords of the sea if Brexit happened. He feels totally betrayed and he is now considering voting @theSNP - He says his colleagues in the industry have been made expendable 
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  on 62000 now - 7500 since yesterday evening 
Labour's entire spending base pretty much relies on increasing Corporation Tax. When - not if - there's a recession, they'd have to cut. At least on planned expenditure. Saying anything else is just dishonesty - akin to the 'Brexit dividend'. 
Alarming how widely this non-starter of an idea was able to spread before encountering the brick wall of legal reality. As so often with Brexit, parochial London political class talking to itself...  
No pal of Indy, but @IanDunt is the most satisfyingly contemptuous writer on Brexit:  [but if UKGov is THIS unprepared for No Deal, then there can only be a massive last minute cave-in from British side. Because surely they... they wouldn't... would they?] 
If you have a couple of companies, a defunct mine, about 450k mortgage on a 900k house and your companies don't make a lot of profit, how do you have 8.5 million free cash flow to pump into a rigged referendum? 
You spelt ‘brexit’ wrong.  
"Brexit would increase austerityBrexit would cause a rise in homelessnessBrexit would cause a huge rise in child povertyBrexit has caused a rise in hate crimeBrexit would lead to fewer workers' rights.Parties can only do so much with a Broken country." 
Quick note to all who granted this shithouse a crumb of redemption after his tepid Brexit mea culpa last week – he's taking the piss.  
To see oursels as ithers see us.......’A self-destructive madness grips the U.K. as a no-deal Brexit looms’ - The Globe and Mail #Brexit  
So while knife crime, moped attacks,murders & mugging soar in London & TFL has a multi million pound shortfall, Sadiq Khan feels the need for an expenses paid trip to Brussels to persuade Barnier to make no concessions to try to frustrate Brexit via 2nd vote. 
Here you go leavers. They don't care about you. Maybe you'll see a benefit when you're 110 he says. And these are your heroes. #FBPE #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
How dare The Conservative Party try to blame their Brexit chaos on anyone else? 
Yes!!!!!! We need another referendum to allow @CaseyPeterJ to be Taoiseach and President at the same timeCan you imagine it?So many snowflakes would melt, it would literally rise the oceans and it would be totally worth it 
It ain’t warm out, but we’re hitting the streets talking to voters about why politicians should give people the #finalsay on brexit.  
Fab night in Aberfeldy listening to the wonderful @Dr_PhilippaW on the damage already done to NHS by Brexit. Hope she & other great MP speakers r put f'ward on media by @TheSNP wherever possible - and like her I hope #indyref2 is called in 2019. 
Brexit exposes the lack of enforceable constitutional rights in the UK. HMG & police ignore Frauderendum corruption & citizens can't do anything about it. It's time for a proper, clear & accessible British constitution. #PeoplesVote 
The #British_electorate are bored by talk of the imminent threat of #nuclear_war, they're bored by talk of the imminent threat of #climate_change and now they're bored by #Brexit.Why bother with all that boring stuff when you can watch #football, #Strictly and #Harry and #Megan? 
Amnesty welcomes today’s blasphemy referendum Yes vote as significant for freedom of expression in Ireland and around the world.  
Professor David Blake: The Treasury’s policy-based evidence making on Brexit has got to stop  
Leading Leave campaigner @GiselaStuart says she is  'uneasy' about visits by MPs to see EU Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier.  She fears they aim to undo the referendum result and weaken the government's negotiating hand. #WeekinWestminster 
Lib Dem leader @vincecable says he was 'absolutely right' to tell EU Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier that a large and growing number of people in the UK want a vote on the final Brexit deal. #WeekinWestminster 
So why are you supporting Brexit which is going to leave the country poorer financially so we have less to spend on public services and isolated internationally and trade wise making it more difficult to recover? #peoplesvote 
In short, we can’t produce enough home grown talents to staff the hospitality industry. We have a huge staff and skills shortage, then it’s #Brexit  and we have no plan whatsoever to breach the gap. And... we officially announce the industry is considered low skilled.  
Philip Hammond should publish the details behind the Treasury's discredited Project Fear forecasts:  #Brexit 
We demand better than what this Tory Government is offering us. We demand better than the utter mess they are making out of Brexit and we demand a final say on the deal. 
Before they took over the party McDonnell & Corbyn’s voting record in the EU matched Kate Hoey’s. They never wanted to stop Brexit, they wanted to capitalise on it. It’s been their ideological dream for 30 years regardless of the cost to the poor.   
Carol Ann Duffy: ‘With the evil twins of Trump and Brexit … There was no way of not writing about that, it is just in the air’  
I will be going as brexit for Halloween. Basically I'll turn up to parties, say I'll make them better, ruin everything and shout at people for complaining about it. 
“Fox did not name which of the 164 WTO states objected to the UK’s entry being fast-tracked, but it means that other countries can now ask Britain to make concessions in order to join.”Taking back control - #Brexit style!  
#Brexit is not a glorious liberation from the EU, it is a shambolic retreat from Europe by a confused and frightened country led by liars, crooks, charlatans and incompetents. Restore pride and take back control #PeoplesVote.#StopBrexit 
Hey @BBCScotlandNews I see the UK govt consultation about trade with USA ended today. Thanks for telling Scotland’s public absolutely nothing about this. Zilch. You are an utter disgrace to independent news reporting and best described as ‘Courtesans’ not journalists.  #Brexit 
Blasphemy referendum passed! Yay, Ireland takes another step forward ... Peter Casey gets over 20% of vote! And two steps backward ...  
Our Brexit Secretary is warning of doom and gloom at Calais under a No Deal scenario, and the French are refuting the claim... extraordinary  
Russia seeks to capitalise on Brexit after blocking Liam Fox's WTO planSo much for #Brexit giving the UK more sovereignty and more control. This was always a fantasy that ignored the reality of international trade.#PeoplesVote #LeaveLies 
Yes. He has been back in Brussels with his friend Vince Cable doing and saying anything he can to stop Brexit from happening, delay it and/or damage the UK negotiating position. He is by definition a traitor. He is colluding with a foreign power against his own country.   
The referendum was a scam.The government and Jeremy are crooks.This must not continue, we CAN save our country.  
Brexit update. Only 153 days left to stop this madness.  
Let’s not forget what @Harryslaststand said about media & accountability and Brexit  
The biggest danger is that our elected politicians are too fearful of the perception that they do not ‘respect’ the result of the referendum. That’s why the People’s Vote is the only way out of the bind they are in. 
We have to be careful we arent in our own echo chamber. I am bumping into just as many fact-averse dribbling Brexit morons as i was 6 months ago. Remainers feel more justified, Brexiters feel they arent getting the hard exit they want (dont care about consequence). 
I sense it's changing and the reason I sense it is by watching the behaviour of the alt right. They are desperate, throwing everything at it.. in the face of utter failure of their plan and the continual evidence of the destructive effects of brexit on our economy & society 
Currently in Scotland. Everyone I've spoken to on Brexit thinks the English have gone mad. 
Remember the clocks go back tonight.One night’s extra hour of sleep in exchange for a long period of more darkness.Sounds like Brexit deal. 
And @Mishcon_de_Reya how do you feel about your brand constantly being associated with this stuff? All your other clients who might be adversely effected by Brexit might not be such fans? 
Thread: Brexit and "Common Sense". Brexit is the most devastatingly damning argument possible against the "argument from common sense". Every proposition advanced by Brexiters was based on an absurdly simplistic reductionism. 
Really?! Biased against Brexit?!  
The level of xenophobia in the U.K. has been allowed to prevail because of Theresa May’s ‘hostile environment’. It was weaponised by the Brexiteers and whipped up by the right wing press. Brexit has reduced and diminished our country immeasurably.  
I am of the belief this morning that #brexit won't happen. The tide has turned. It will be defeated in the commons, they'll be a vote one way or another and it won't happen.  Just what I'm sensing today. Leave may have "won" a vote, they've lost the country, for good. #FBPE 
****** IMPORTANT ********Next Thursday High Court will hear a Judicial Review into the government’s decision to block #Leveson2.The media ensured #Brexit happened by infecting minds and controlling MPs.U.K. urgently needs Leveson2 #hackedoff #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
I just reread the gov leaflet sent out before the EU referendum. Seems reasonable to me!  
Not if you enable Brexit, you won’t.  
My @Telegraph interview on science post Brexit. Time to invest big in some “moonshot” ideas in Genomics, Space, Fusion energy and Quantum technology, which like the Apollo mission, will inspire the next generation of scientists and transform our society.  
Labour's new Brexit referendum would not offer option to remain in EU, says John McDonnell  
My latest Brexit Blog post on the growing alarm of UK businesses, the paradox of how Brexiters (& some remainers) say the economy doesn't matter any more - and yet insist that it does, and more:  
This, there's also polling evidence which suggests many leavers are bored with  the whole #Brexit process & have no interest in the actual outcome.We're pushing through a damaging process on a narrow vote for people who no longer care about what they voted for  
So EU migrants living in the UK will have full voting rights after our notional Brexit. Good or Bad?  
> A Parliamentary report says John Bercow should go.> Bercow may even have a pivotal role in deciding on Brexit. > Can we trust him to be impartial on Brexit? - look at these pictures and decide for yourself.Retweet if you think he should go NOW!   
Hundreds of thousands march for marriage equality in Taiwan amid referendum debate  
The biggest danger from Brexit may ultimately turn out to be the reaction of the UK population to the consequences of Brexit, eg to perceived food or medicine shortages.An extreme reaction could make the situation much worse, in a destructive spiral of negative reinforcement. 
Boles plan to win both soft/hard brexiters: lets have a transition for as long as we want, then a hard brexit; like half the cabinet he doesn't get the backstop has to be permanent.Of course, we could just stay in EU  
Can't get my head round this one ! The UK gov is putting forward a law requiring EU countries to provide the same health care as now for British tourists and "expats" in the EU after Brexit, even with a no-deal.OK ..... :) (???) 
A warning from our Canadian friends. Wake up guys!  Brexit is an infantile fantasy and a political and economic disaster!#PeoplesVote 
The REASON the entire political and media establishment fear a "No Deal" Brexit (aka sensible W.T.O. tarrifs) is that such an outcome completely separates us from the EU and denies it £39bn of our taxes. 
Article from June 2016: Labour Leave's two biggest funders were Tory party donors. (Thanks to @stonesister7 for this)#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Nobel Prize winners oppose a Hard Brexit . 83% of readers of Nature supported Remain . In a 2nd referendum, 82% of young people & 53% of all ages would vote Remain . Test Brexit democratically in 2018, not 2016 
Ah ha. I knew it, the voters for #petercasey were predominately older and predominantly male - the same cohort who voted for Trump and Brexit. I’m sorry but older men need to cop themselves on! 
There is no doubt the lives of these girls growing up on/beside @BorderIrish will be directly affected by the outcome of the #Brexit negotiations. Nobody lives in the Irish Sea. Nor in ferry ports or airports. #tostatetheobvious 
Now that Claire Bassett has quit the @ElectoralCommUK, maybe it's time for Chairman John Holmes to reconsider his position too. How can we trust someone with clear anti-Brexit prejudice to regulate our democracy fairly?!Support us at  
Still backing brexit, Jezza? Until that changes, nothing you have to say counts for anything. 
The head of the Electoral Commission has quit following a series of claims that the body has been biased against Brexit#StandUp4Brexit 
In 2016, 17.4 million people voted to take back control of our money, laws, borders & trade from the EU. They voted for a better future. We have so far failed to achieve the full #Brexit we voted for. This must change. Britons never, never, never shall be slaves. #StandUp4Brexit 
This is out of date. John corrected himself later that day & @Keir_Starmer who is shadow Brexit Secretary made clear, including in his speech, that staying in would be on the ballot paper & got the biggest standing ovation of conference. 
That’s right the people of Glasgow will be happy to see that at the next full council both SNP & Labour are debating Brexit. We could be debating education, how to improve local services or the People’s Palace but instead it’ll be Brexit. Whatever happened to the #DayJob eh? 
Election watchdog head QUITS after claims commission is biased against Brexit, 3 more pro EU to go  ; Brexithttps://dailym.ai/2SnAEwC via @MailOnline 
More than 990,000 people have signed our petition for a #finalsay on Brexit  
I’m glad I joined the People’s Vote march, I can say I did my best to avoid this catastrophe /#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit was always about damage control. There are no short or medium term economic upsides. @Brexit @business 
“The purpose of Conservative Budgets is to empower the British people and revitalise the country. Now is the time to promote economic liberty and prosperity, boost economic freedoms and inspire confidence in a post Brexit Britain.” ⁦@Telegraph⁩ 
Scrutiny? Accountability? Transparency? Honesty? Integrity? Disingenuity? Deniabilty? Illegality?#BREXIT FANTASY #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit #Remain option Hold these Charlatans to Account 
2016: "We can trade with the world on our terms."2018: Turns out, we can't.The benefits of Brexit, they just keep never starting. 
SNP are caught in a holding pattern - whether or not to wholeheartedly campaign for their favoured alternative (Indy) to  Brexit. More polls like this & I think their hand is forced both by eager party members and necessity. No Indy majority at 2021 Election - game is a bogey.  
Macron: 'In Hungary and Poland, some of their leaders...are lying to their people like those who promoted the Brexit. When I listen to leaders comparing Brussels with Moscow in the [Soviet] times, this is crazy and unacceptable'  
Manufacturing in Wales - along with agriculture of course  - will die as a consequence of Brexit. It will leave Wales almost entirely dependent on tourism, effectively reducing Wales to a glorified theme park :(  
The scare stories just never stop.Mortality will increase because of a hard Brexit.C’mon get real people.  
Complete failure by @BBCScotlandNews to bring you this very important news about life after Brexit. Why would @BBCScotland editors decide you didn’t need to know this? @BBCWeekendGMS Thanks to BBC for reporting extensively on the latest Trump rally  
GDPR has been an absolute disaster. No one understands it except the big businesses that lobby the EU. It's heavy handed, confusing, bureaucratic and a sledgehammer to crack a but....just like the EU. ThankGod we're leaving #Brexit 
BREAKING: Remoaners hate this video, so let's tweet it again. WE ARE LEAVING. #Brexit#MarksVideos #BluePassports 
Cameron - country-ruining referendum. Osborne - poverty-creating austerity. And they won an election by trashing TBGB record (ten years of growth and rising prosperity which ended badly cos of right wing greed in the US) Labour helped the Tory narrative and UK still paying price  
Not just in Ireland, but across Europe & further afield @tconnellyRTE is peerless in his coverage of #Brexit Public service broadcasting at its finest   
.⁦@MichelBarnier⁩ told to plan for new Brexit referendum as #FinalSay petition gets close to 1m signatures.Prominent #Remain politicians met the EU’s chief negotiator, calling for Article 50 to be extended and for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
It’s been a week since the #PeoplesVoteMarch and we must keep up the pressure. The #FinalSay referendum is almost at a million signatures. Great news. Let’s remind everyone what we want.I demand a #PeoplesVote 
People disagree over what Leave campaigners promised about the single market and customs union before the EU referendum. We've taken a look at some of the claims:  
'Why would any of the current Brexit-related difficulties faze Theresa May when she has managed to sleep at night for the last two years, despite the many cruel excesses of her “reforming” government?'@LesleyRiddoch, via @ScotNational. 
This is a ridiculous state of affairs and the Government was warned this would happen. #Brexit has got to stop. Fixed it for you Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. 
All we need to establish now is the extent of the pro-Remain Voter Fraud in the referendum. If it was only 3% then the "real" result might have been 55% Leave, 45% Remain. Remainers cheat and lie.  via @MailOnline 
Will @BBCScotlandNews #GMS cover a huge #Brexit story that broke yesterday: namely that the WTO has rejected UK application to join after veto from many countries inc NZ & USA. Will @LiamFox or any UK government minister be asked about this? Editors decided you don’t need to know 
May’s kowtowing to the hard Brexiters have just cost the UK $1.7 Trillion of access to international projects. U.S., New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Ukraine, Israel and Moldova have all blocked Britain’s post-Brexit entry into the WTO's Procurement Agreement $1.7 Trillion market 
I've always had respect for @BBCr4today presenter John Humphry, but my tether has reached its end.I can no longer countenance his unsubtle Brexit bias, so Today has become part of my yesterdays.#BBCBias #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Radio #PoliticsLive #Politics #BrexitBritain #FBPE 
‘Depressing and hard hitting view of Brexit by Sir Paul Nurse. Nobel prizewinning director of Europe’s biggest cancer research institute the Crick. One of the “experts” derided by Michael Gove. What on earth are we doing to our country? 
2 German researchers predict that Brexit will kill thousands of Brits because we’d simple go without fresh fruit & veg instead of sourcing more cheaply elsewhere...And this makes headlines? #ProjectFear 
A week ago today, 700,000 of you marched on Parliament in the #PeoplesVoteMarch to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.Thank you for marching with us. Now it's time to email your MP and #WriteThisWrong. Please take action today:  
We’re in Cheltenham today with @Chelt4Europe, talking about why Brexit will harm the NHS.We’re asking @AlexChalkChelt to back a @peoplesvote_uk so the people of his constituency can have the final say.Regents Arcarde, 11-2. #TalkToChalk 
This French reaction to the UK government’s #Brexit no-deal planning exposes it as spreading unnecessary alarm. Nobody is going to cause unnecessary hold-ups at Channel ports.  
He’s a whiny, petulant, intolerant small manHe’s failed to protect Londoners from knife, gun, acid & moped attacksHe’s a rabid Remoaner colluding with the EU to reverse the result of the largest democratic vote in historyHe’s a shit @MayorofLondon He’s @SadiqKhan#Brexit pic.twitter.com/4uBzZxmdsd 
Sales of the Express Sun and telegraph set to boom as Brexit threatens to see Britain run out of bog roll  rhttp://prospect.org/article/brexit-panic-brits-run-out-toilet-paper 
Lord Owen: House of Lords behaviour over #Brexit show it is "totally disreputable organisation... no legitimacy whatsoever..." pic.twitter.com/JDFHOW3ZFU 
Note that the brexiter politicians will not be suffering the costs of #brexit. The price they are willing to pay is the damage to the country, not to themselves.  #fridaynightconversations 
Don’t forget the clocks go back tomorrow. Of course after #Brexit the clocks will go back 50 years. If only we could hit the snooze alarm on that one! #PeoplesVote 
Utter silence about Brexit and the #PeoplesVote march. Not. A. Word.At best Corbyn does not care about Brexit, at worst he still favours it (as he did for decades).But he doesn't have the courage to say what he really thinks, so he talks about something else. Leader?  
Brexit could KILL 5,600 people a year by making fruit and veg unaffordable warns Oxford University 'researcher'What next from Project Fear 2.1.x?A plague of strawberry eating, potato digging, cauliflower devouring locusts #GoBrexit 
The underlying problem is pretty straightforward. Brexit makes us weaker. Brexit puts us in a terrible bargaining position. Brexit allows others to take advantage of us. Brexit makes us desperate.   
Schoolgirls on #Brexit: ‘The adults are not thinking straight’ - spoke to six kids who live at the Border in Crossmaglen, Co Armagh (one lives right on the Border) to hear what they think of the UK leaving the EU & how it might affect them - @IrishTimes  
...while cutting the top rate of tax. Osborne’s austerity a large part of the reason for Brexit  
Liam Fox's plan for UK to swiftly replicate the EU's terms with the World Trade Organization has utterly failed. Britain must now enter lengthy talks with WTO members on basic trade conditions after Brexit. Utter shambles! We need to #StopBrexit #r4today  
The People’s Vote campaign group has been FLOUTING Facebook’s new transparency rules on political advertising, it has been claimedThe People’s Vote is a campaign by Open Britain, the ANTI-Brexit group founded by Amber RUDD'S brother via @telegraphnews 
These Remainer guttersnipes are the reason for the #Uncertainty. They are crippling the UK with their constant attempts to reverse #Brexit.Turn your back on them and embrace our Brexit future  
Lots of Remainers agree. Allow the political class to overturn one referendum and where does it end. Its ordinary voters who will suffer, not the likes of Gove and Boris.  
As ‘Several’ WTO members block Britain's attempt to a fast track deal I’m sure we shall all remember @LiamFox’s comment that a post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU should be the “easiest in human history” & his insistence we can survive without one  
Everyone should watch this remarkable @SiCarswell video w/school girls in Crossmaglen, on Irish border. One girl literally lives on border. The kids are streets ahead of British politicians, and understand so well #brexit risks.   
It may not stop Brexit. But I’m glad I joined the march for a People’s Vote | Ian Jack  
Tony Abbott nailed the #IrishBorder red herring in this @spectator article."How to save #Brexit". 
@carolecadwalla is spot on. Unless we know how the referendum was won we don’t know whether the result can stand. I think you would agree that an anti-democratic #Brexit is a disaster for us all. Please make this your first job at Facebook, @nick_clegg 
Erm.... shouldn't you be fighting the conservatives. It's the Tory Brexit. Put to the nation by Tory's, mis informed the nation about the cost of Brexit by the Tory's. Guess what it's the Tory's who have the power to stop this. Redirect your rage!  
The UK’s bid to fast-track its post-Brexit entry to the WTO has failed, after other countries expressed concern on the UK’s approach to tariffs.So under a no-deal Brexit, the UK will be the only country in the world without a trade deal with any country. 
Meanwhile in Britain, Jeremy is actively facilitating the stripping of our rights of free movement within the EU to pursue his quixotic Brexit plan.  
I’m Brexit, I don’t know what I am, I don’t know where I’m going, I don’t have a plan, nobody likes me, I can’t be replaced by an alternative, nobody can vote for me and I can’t deliver on my promises.I’m homeless, broke, abandoned and just a little bit dead.#PeoplesVote 
And now we go live to Brexit  
The EU dictating - What if Remainer MPs were denied a 'meaningful vote' on the budget on Monday? Read our #Brexit wake-up call here:  
Brexit Explained  
Brexit Explained  
*Planet Brexit*  
Nice, @SkyNews.You've now stooped so low as to merely stir sectarian tension in Northern Ireland over a false "Hard Border" to further your anti-#Brexit propaganda.A line I thought even you wouldn't cross.Well done, a new level of disgust today. 
With 57,682 signatures,  well over half way. Please can you sign and retweet. Many thanks ....  Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
Literally NOBODY voted for this #Brexit shitshow @Nigel_Farage. Sadiq Khan is trying to be responsible here... YOU want people to lose jobs, cause medicine & food shortages, black outs, threaten peace in Ireland & turn motorways into Lorry Parks. YOU are a disgrace to the UK. 
Okay. So 1) You'll find it's my democratic right to "stamp my foot" and protest - don't need to go to Africa to do so. 2) #Brexit is wholly undemocratic because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw & won with a restricted voter franchise + the result was advisory only. 3) we need a #PeoplesVote 
Today - I’m speaking on Brexit in Perth at 3pm - A K Bell Library, 17 York Place PH2 8EP; & Edinburgh at 7pm - 50 George Square EH8 9JU. All welcome! Glasgow Sunday - 2pm Renfield Centre 260 Bath St, G2 4JP 
The first thing the Spanish state did to avoid the referendum is implement in the mind of its people that it was illegal. A referendum by definition CANNOT be illegal in a democracy. Open your dictionaries people and check! And open the penal code and check what law prohibits it. 
#FinalSayForAllThe U.K. Has gone mad. Everything that leave voters were concerned about before the referendum wasn't a problem!Everything they are not concerned about now after the referendum, is a problem.We have a problem......... 
Failure Fox's trans-Atlantic connections point to the Brexiteer dream of opening up the UK to US capitalism which means union busting and the privatisation of schools, hospitals and welfare services.... essentially he wants the UK to be the 51st state. 
Really helpless. This started when the country created a national referendum on Black America in 2008. It made a game of whether or not Barack would be accepted and if he would finally quell the desire for Black equality and liberation. And then he stepped in... 
How Idaho organizers for the Medicaid expansion in Idaho are persuading GOP-leaning voters to support the referendum. Great NPR piece:  
Who said the Lords are out of touch! Thank you #LordKerr, he's right, if Brexit goes ahead without consulting the nation for a #FinalSay and it results in increasing civil unrest due to degraded living standards. Guess where will the blame lie? @10DowningStreet & @jeremycorbyn 
Fox fails again. Disaster for the Tories as 20 countries chuck big jagged rocks at the foot of Britain’s BREXIT cliff. “When he gave evidence to my committee in July, Dr Fox assured me that this was all going fine. But his plan is now in tatters” 
Sadly the case for Brexit just became a lot stronger.  
Currently in NZ. Everyone I’ve spoken to on Brexit thinks the British have gone mad. 
Asking the people to vote on Brexit again would be the equivalent of rerunning an election, in which one party won a clear majority, before allowing the victors to form a government.  
(On a cab to Ketagalan Boulevard)  Driver: Is there any event in Taipei today? Me: Yeah, LGBTQ Pride. Driver: I know about this. They are hoping to pass marriage equality. My granddaughter is lesbian, so the yes referendum will have four votes from my household. #TaiwanPride 
THIS Editorial: Vote ‘No’ in NDP’s badly flawed electoral reform referendum – Vancouver Sun  
Dear young Americans: This is your opportunity to make the elections a referendum on whether your country will tackle climate change on 6th November. Please vote  
Japan's Okinawa approves a bill to hold  a referendum on the central govt's controversial plan to relocate a U.S. military base in the island prefecture  
Massive no of blacks votinRepub-BigNews Nov 6, a referendum onTrump  via @jubals @ReneecarrollAZ @carold501 @cgpb @saconi12 @ericarn4usa @realTexanGirl @americanrose8 @rumfolo @JamieRJN @vivianmtl @bamabeckgirl @JMReflectionsof @KatrinaLeger1 @autisticated 
'Our Fish'. The stunning lack of intelligence from your average Brexit-Dick.What are you gonna do, Brian?Don the scuba gear and go out and count them?You absolute fucking quilt.  
Please read and share this article.  It lays out the case for why British Columbians should vote no in the upcoming #PropRep referendum.  This from the @VancouverSun editorial board! #CityOfPG 
A massive number of blacks voting Republican is going to be the big news on November 6, a referendum on Donald J. Trump  via @jubals @jjauthor 
What the EU & remainers really fear is Britain making a success of #Brexit. Nations around the world far smaller & less powerful than the UK thrive outside the EU. Once we Brexit & we succeed not only will remainers have no chance of making us rejoin but the EU will disintegrate!  
Editorial: Vote 'No' in NDP's badly flawed electoral reform referendum  
IMO May is pretty useless, but with 'people' who oppose the result of the referendum constantly trotting off to Brussels for meetings to push their anti-Brexit position, just gives ammunition to the EU negotiators. PS. The UK is more than just London.  
Outcry after Sadiq Khan travels to Brussels to beg EU to delay Brexit until Britain has second referendum or new government  
US and China among 20 countries blocking Britain's attempt to avoid Brexit chaos by fast-tracking WTO deal  
Launch the fleet, time to rebuild the empire, this brexit stuff hasn't been thought through, has it ?, the UK is finding out what an insignificant little backward country we have become, if you take away Scotland's resources, what has England got to offer, not a lot 
Theresa May wants to repeal it post Brexit. Our membership of the EU makes that harder for the reason I just said. 
Every community should have a independent board empowered to investigate police misconduct. Lest we forget, they work for us!Policing referendum in Nashville | 2018  
BrexitAny deal? UK Tory gov has wasted so much time with internal arguing that there's no time left to even prepare for a "No Deal"WTO? We've already been blocked from joining with many commonwealth countries saying No ThanksBritain will become an American penny saleUKOK? 
The NO side in referendum is making outrageous claims about representation, running ads that #ProRep will mean “time to say farewell to your local MLA” and “Pro Rep moves the balance of power in BC to Vancouver alone”. This is blatantly untrue, as I explain in this thread #bcpoli 
Young people are furious that they were denied a vote on their future. We owe them that much. Now Labour's student wing demands referendum on final Brexit deal  
Millions of British people are worried too, Jeremy - about our democracy being undermined by a right-wing campaign for #Brexit that cheated & broke the law. Don’t you think an effective opposition leader should be addressing the UK’s domestic crisis, instead of Brazil’s?  
'Russia is among 20 countries that are looking to squeeze a commercial advantage from Brexit after blocking an attempt by the international trade secretary, Liam Fox, to fast-track a World Trade Organization deal on the UK’s terms of trade with the world.' 
Dear #HIGNFY. Last Saturday ranks as one of my most favourite waste of time moments. I met so many fantastic time wasters there. All very much in favour of reversing our least favourite waste of time, #Brexit. Just thought you ought to know. Funny show apart from that. 
*Brexit supporters are basically the twats I've been avoiding all my life* 
Up to three million EU citizens who are expected to acquire settled status in the UK after Brexit will be allowed to vote in British elections, leaked government plans suggest 
It literally does have to be one or the other. Say we have a general election. Let's even say the public puts labour in the negotiating chair (AFTER THE NEGOTIATION DEADLINE'S PASSED) Labour cant just stop Brexit. That WOULD mean violenceA #PeopelsVote is the only democratic way 
If protecting your party from criticism or trying to get it into power for 5 years is more important to you than the damage Brexit would do to the people of this country for the next 50 years...You do not deserve to see your party in power. You are what's wrong with UK politics. 
I’ve learned so much working with this group of EOS superstars. And now we’ve almost got a referendum system.  @EOS_Nation @EOS_Canada @EOSTribe @GenerEOSAus @greymass #eos 
We are tired because he has no achievements. He is not in contest with GEJ, UMY or OBJ. 2019 is a referendum on his tenure. After hopping thru 3 Parties over 12 yrs he has no party to compare with PDP Question: which project has he completed from National budget Not Chinese loan?  
He presentat la candidatura del nostre President. Aquest ha estat el meu text: He defended the ballot boxes and democracy against the Spanish State, which tried to ban that the Catalan people could decide his future voting in a referendum on October 1, 2017.  
This is absolutely right. No one who delivered the calamity that was the Electoral Commission's mismanagement of the Referendum, no one who had to be forced by the courts to apply the law, can properly stay in post. 
Andrew Neil RIDICULES second Brexit referendum march he 'sadly couldn’t attend' Police said there were only 130,000!  
Wanting Another Brexit Referendum is not only Anti Democratic It’s Illegal We’ve had the Referendum and 17.4 Million people Voted LEAVE This was the largest vote ever to take place in Britain 
'DISGRACEFUL' Sadiq Khan under attack for 'SABOTAGING' Brexit with Michel Barnier meeting  
Japanese Gov & Business has been remarkably plain all along about how foolish they think Brexit is & that anything compromising the access they current enjoy through us is a risk they are unwilling to take.Like so many other aspects of this showshow, UKGov just isn't listening  
Everyone's demanding to know 'one concrete benefit of Brexit.' Do let us know if you hear of one, as we are six concrete reasons to Remain! Can you imagine what a farce it'd be trying to export six concrete cows to Europe if we left the EU? No more trips to Venice for us!  
That’s why, and here’s the key point, the Japanese Ambassador is telling UKGov and the people of the UK that they will be job losses if UKGov continues with a Brexit that ends up ending frictionless trade. 
They don’t want that.UKGov, on the other hand, wants to pursue a form of Brexit that means an end to frictionless trade. That’s what not being in the SM and CU means, remember? No frictionless trade. 
Patronised and ignored - for decades. We now want a complete and final Brexit!  
Exactly.  But you should see the number of execrable morons who have sent me indignant messages about this exact point.  Oh, the ECHR is not part of the EU.  Ok then, it's all good. Move along. Nothing to worry about. No way to explain why Brexit people felt as they did.  
There is no frictionless trade outside the Single Market and Customs Union. UKGov has said UK will leave both. So, there won’t be frictionless trade after the transition period. There won’t be frictionless trade if there’s no deal.Supporting Brexit now is supporting job losses.  
This was Heathrow boss suggesting e-passport gates could be extended to welcome Americans, Canadians and Australians as a post-Brexit benefit.Just landed in Venice to find that at this EU airport it already happens.Will settle for just one benefit now. Come on. Just one.  
Airbus has confirmed it is considering cutting thousands of jobs in the UK as it starts to “press the button on crisis actions” over concerns about Brexit.  
“Move to the EU. No-ones stopping you.” Except Brexit. Which is literally stopping us from living and working in the EU. 
I know I am up shit creek along with the morons who actually inflicted this shitfest brexit on us so it's probably wrong to laugh at how disastrous it is. It would be hilarious if the not guilty weren't being punished too. (Millionaires will be just fine of course.)  
This is what drives me nuts. The Conservatives were the party of business. Brexit will damage many businesses. This conservative government will be remembered for all the wrong reasons. They make me realise just how much respect I had for former Tory governments. 
On the night before Brexit I will be watching the 2012 London Olympics opening ceremony and wondering what the fuck went wrong in six and a bit years. 
RTÉ exit poll suggests blasphemy referendum will pass |  
Today Liam Fox ("Doc's the name, p**s-easy world trade deals are my game") suffered the devastating rejection of his vision of post-Brexit trade by the WTO. In effect, they told him, and the UK, to f*** off. Brexit death throes rattle ever louder. 
.@danmanganmusic is voting for proportional representation in BC's referendum. Here's why.Learn how #ProRep works for people and the planet - and how YOU can cast your vote: #PR4BC #bcpoli 
I agree with her comment on Brexit & I voted for every Labour leader who opposed her & beyond that. I even voted for Corbyn.  I think this country does need a progressive rebalance. But his lifelong pro Brexit, anti capitalist/EU stance shows me he’s not capable of delivering it  
Spent a great afternoon with business leaders from around the Lower Mainland at @SBofT lunch today. Lots of questions about the NDP’s #PropRep referendum - even more concerns about the rigged process and how the outcome could affect the business community. #bcpoli 
Looks like 3 - 0 on referendum campaigns against Rónán Mullen though  #BlasphemyRef 
The 21% who voted for Casey are the same as the 33.6% who voted to keep the 8th referendum, who are the same 37.93% who voted against marriage equality.The number is falling every day, but we can’t become complacent. We must remember the hate is there and fight it always!   
TO THE #BREXIT-MOBILE!  
Sinn Fein poll 8% in Irish presidential election. Not that’ll stop British political hacks’ hot takes about how Varadkar is scared of SF #brexit  
Remainers letting McDonnells honeyed words that he would vote remain in another ref distract them.Its two-faced deceit when theyre actually eyeing an election and a swift brexit themselves whist keeping another ref as an "on the table" string along. 
In the Brexit debate, the argument “but it would break WTO rules” is rarely the winner people think it is 
Japanese ambassador warns jobs in the #NorthEast at risk if Brexit ends frictionless trade to the EU say @BBCLN  There are 25 Japanese owned factories in the region. That’s 14000 jobs people. Come on NorthEast - we don’t have to do this. #Stopthemadness #StopBrexit 
Millions are deeply worried that the rise of the far right threatens an assault on economic & democratic rights. Here In Britain. Because of Brexit  
Um that’s as likely as your bro @BorisJohnson admitting he was wrong on #Brexit ....  
1,000 strong for pro rep in Victoria this week and we know they're not alone. Vote for pro rep in the referendum and then join the campaign to make your vote count:  
I was thinking about this today. I'm a remainer, and the evidence is largely clear that we will suffer economically from a hard brexit.But we potentially stand to lose more by overturning a democratic mandate. 
Millions of Britons are deeply worried that a no deal hard Brexit will destroy jobs and lives.Stand in solidarity with your own people for a change chum.  
Same here, Daphne. And you know what - I don't believe for a second that we wasted our time! We are now finding out that the government is preparing for a #PeoplesVote and @MichelBarnier has been asked for an extension to #A50 to allow time for a referendum on the deal.  
can this be true! The U.S., New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Ukraine, Israel and Moldova have all blocked Britain’s post-Brexit entry into the World Trade Organization’s Government Procurement Agreement, a market worth $1.7 Trillion.  
RTÉ's David McCullagh takes a look at the RTÉ/Red C Exit poll on the blasphemy referendum with Ryan Tubridy on tonight's Late Late Show  
Oh look, Tory MEPs actually saying something: Letting EU nationals get the vote after Brexit will wipe Tories  
There’s a weird “that’s not us” mentality some Irish people have when in reality we’re a country with no hate crime legislation, one that voted in a pretty questionable citizenship referendum and our media is majorly lacking diversity wise. Lot of work to do imo  
BBC’s Mash Report returns with an attack on Brexit and a defence of the People’s March. Apparently Brexiteers want to close down debate. Another sketch states how wonderful immigrants are and how much they contribute. The English are drunks. Brexit equals disaster. Dire. Pure BBC 
Good grief BBC have reported that the Royal visit to Tonga is important for trade after Brexit.  So we will ignore 27 EU countries for trade with the tiny island of Tonga.  Has the U.K. lost its collective mind. 
Does anyone in Labour actually still support Corbyn's Brexit position? Beyond the front bench and a few looney lefties, that is.Labour's student wing demands referendum on final Brexit deal#Jexit #FBPE#PeoplesVote 
Brexit isn’t about Left vs right, it’s absolutionists vs pragmatists, those who embrace change & interconnectedness vs political & cultural regressives. I never voted for Thatcher but she makes complete sense over Brexit.I always voted Labour but Corbyn makes no sense at all  
I was not “conned”. I worked for and with the European Commission for 20 yrs. I know why I voted #leave #brexit . Fuck all to do with a bus. 
Brexit Panic as Brits Run Out of Toilet Paper - we could always use the express if we run out .   
A People's Vote without the option to remain would be wholly undemocratic.Every Brexit scenario leaves us worse off, with fewer rights, fewer opportunities, more risk & less security.The people deserve the right to choose - and that includes the right to choose to remain.  
Petition gone up 7000 in 5 hours. Please can you sign and retweet Thank you very much.     Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership - Petitions  
S&P affirms UK's rating at 'AA'; Outlook Negative despite Brexit uncertainties, citing high income levels, diversified econ, strong institutions, & reserve currency status of sterling. Says disorderly Brexit could lead to downgrade as services sector, 3/4 of UK econ could suffer.  
Exclusive: Philip Hammond preparing to bring forward income tax cuts in Budget boost for Brexit 
Exclusive Irish Times Blasphemy Exit Poll: Blasphemy referendum will be passed comfortably  
Some of the worst downsides of #brexit are likely to be environmental...and on all-Ireland basis: stark warnings from environmental groups in North  via @IrishTimes 
This Conservative poster from 1992 warned that leaving the EU would cost 2.5 million jobs. #Brexit  
Andrew Adonis is coming to Uni of Sheffield next month to talk about Brexit. I got a hunch that he's not a fan 
Ireland, referendum on removing reference to blasphemy from the constitution    Red C exit poll:    For: 73%  Against: 27%    #Aras18 
Seen this poster & the “Robinson” & thought Tommy Robinson was DJing at my union, a whole night of Brexit Bangers x  
Petition: Stop undemocratic 2nd vote on #EU membershipSome people cannot accept democratic vote & majority decision!These people want YOU to vote again & againUntil THEY get result THEY want!Please sign if you think this is WRONG54,823+ signed#Brexit 
Heard this fallacious argument sooooo many times. The Referendum was binary. If Remain had won 52:48, would Remain have compromised on an EEA solution ? Of course not - it would have been full steam ahead for political integration.  
Brexit will pose no threat to Strictly Come Dancing, Downing Street has been forced to declare amid fears foreign dancers could be barred  
RTÉ exit poll suggests the referendum to remove the reference to blasphemy from the Constitution will be passed by a significant majority with 71% of those polled saying they voted Yes.  
Brexit is effectively a political terror attack on the UK. An economic nuke primed to go off at the very foundations of our nation. Planted by stealth, via the hijacking of our own democratic system.The bomb detonates at midnight on 29.03.19. It is not too late to disarm it. 
My latest Brexit blog post on the growing alarm of UK businesses, the paradox of how Brexiters (& some remainers) say the economy doesn't matter any more - and yet insist that it does, and more:  h/ts @JohnSpringford @Frances_Coppola @jdportes 
More heartening news showing that the hinges are turning in the Labour leadership: John McDonnell on Channel 4 News saying he’d vote Remain in another referendum. Why? Because Remaining in the EU is best for the UK. So Labour: let’s have the #PeoplesVote & then win the next GE. 
Indeed Andrew. My fiancée and I went to Bergen, Norway during the referendum week and when I told our German tour guide Stefan, that some people in UK want the Norway option, he said “Take it from me you don’t want that! It’s all pay no say! They must be crazy!” @LeaderNewport 
Fact of the day. 84% of #Welsh speakers voted Remain in the #EU referendum. 
If I didn't put 100% effort into stopping #Brexit now, and it happened... I could never forgive myselfThe lives of the most vulnerable in our society will be the most devastated by the consequences of this disastrous decisionThat injustice is not a future I will ever accept!  
Hey Jeremy: I'm also having my democratic rights taken away. I'm losing a vote in the European Parliament, my request for a new vote on Brexit is going unheeded, and the creed of a party on the cusp of fascism, UKIP, is now official policy. Can we have some solidarity too?  
If Remainers got their fantasy wish of a second referendum forced on the nation, and then lost it again, you just know they'll demand another and another until we give them the answer that they want.  
Millions in the UK are deeply worried that Brexit is facilitating the rise of the far right. Would be nice if someone like say the Leader of the Opposition would stand against it.  
Brexiters were told *over and over again* by everyone who knew anything about it that this would happen, but they insisted that we must "believe in Brexit". Here, one of many instalments to come in the next few years of what happens when "belief" encounters reality.  
The @irishtimes / Ipsos MRBI published the most accurate exit poll on the abortion referendum. We'll have another one tonight after polls close in the presidential election. Stay tuned 
Tories getting ready to bribe the country with a fake “Brexit dividend” in next week’s budget. But will people be gullible enough to fall for it?  
The thing about the EU is that power only ever travels one way. Once the EU has the power it never gives it back and we have already given it the power to accumulate more by stealth - for those few instances where our own politicians wouldn't gladly hand it over anyway.#Brexit 
Exclusive: Philip Hammond could bring forward income tax cuts by a year in Budget to April 2019Plans will see Tories raise personal allowance to £12.5k and higher rate threshold to £50k in month after BrexitMove billed by Hammond as ‘deal dividend’ 
Bit like Boris Johnson as Foreign Secretary said UK will still help Turkey join the EU it is almost surreal HMG can having pushed the hardest Brexit still engage with this degree of cognitive dissonance. If its good for other European countries to join EU why not the UK itself?  
#FBPE  still retweeting the shit out of Lord Al-Han Reveals the core, willing to accept any lie, for example that sugar in his capacity as a lord fights every day in the upper chamber for the rights of the working class, as long as they can blame Corbyn for brexit.  
It's crunch time in the Brexit negotiations - and today I've been back in Brussels. With so much at stake for London, the UK & EU - and with the Govt heading towards a defeat in Parliament - I'm urging the EU to start preparing now to extend Article 50. 
108,000 reasons why we need a #PeoplesVoteon Brexit - number 65,221 will surprise you  
Thanks @jasimsoncaird for a clear explanation of how ‘meaningful’ votes on Brexit could be buried by procedure   
i feel you dan, i've lost friends due to Brexit too, because you and your government kicked them out of the fucking country you actual piece of shit 
New Episode of #3Blokes In A Pub, the world's best Anti-Brexit podcast, is now online. Sunderland here we...  
Esther McVey, the work and pensions secretary, is today accused by MPs of presiding over a “culture of indifference” to the “desperate hardship” being caused by the universal credit policy. - Is this a surprise to anyone? 
@Anna_Soubry view of brexit perfect on #bbcaq tonight. Highlighting national harm it will bring in a calm & collected manner. By opting for Brexit "we have made a terrible mistake." We need a #peoplesVote for a #finalSay to put this right. 
Seems be a pretty high correlation between Brexit loving politicians and proponents of fracking. I wonder why  
Theresa May's top law officer is now leading the pro-Brexit revolt inside her Cabinet, sources say  
#Catalonia's 4 democratic mandates9N201427S20151Oct201721D2017for the RIGHT TO VOTEon our political futureAll systematicallyrejected by #SpainNO WONDER...People & Govt held "ILLEGAL" #1O #selfdetermination #Referendum& declared #27OCatIndependenceDay. pic.twitter.com/W6CGaCkLYd 
"If you had to choose between Britain leaving the EU without a deal, or a new referendum on whether Britain leaves or not?"Leave without deal 38%Have new referendum 43%Don't know 18%Leavers 72% "leave without deal"Remainers 77% "have new referendum"YouGov Oct 19 
We won’t have health insurance in Europe after Brexit, so the government has proposed more spending to provide healthcare for us when we travel. It’s going to cost us more and give us less protection than staying in the EU. 
Britain doesn't just need to worry about the EU after Brexit. Plenty of other countries are lining up to stymie our future. Brexit is soooooo not a good idea for the UK. 
World - see the sick mentality of radical, catalan  secessionists “ refugees yes, the Spanish no” they chant. So much hatred......how will it all end? @BBCNews @dailyexpressuk #Barcelona #nationalism #Brexit #Europe #Spain #NoNosCallarán @PLasilenciosa @bcnviafora #SCC #LBC 
"The governments own impact assessment show that we will be worse off under any #Brexit scenario" says @Anna_Soubry on @BBCAnyQuestions and politely offers a heckler to go through them with him. It's time to admit that Brexit is not in the national interest and act on it. 
Was suspected #MAGABomber Cesar Sayoc a first time voter at age 56? (He registered as Republican in 2016 when Trump ran.) Did some like him finally find a political home when extremism went mainstream? Is this also true of Brexit? Not so much an underclass, as angry bigots? 
#Brexit has facilitated xenophobic racist thuggery, will of the people innit?  
The reality is that we will be begging the EU for a deal - any deal - to avoid crashing out into this chaos. The only possible course of action for a patriot now is to call for Brexit to be abandoned.  
The amount of people responding to this tweet by saying "BUT WHAT ABOUT BREXIT" is mind boggling.Not everything is about Brexit. Remain campaigners really need to understand that they are not the only people who matter in the world.  
Leaving the EU without an agreement probably wouldn’t allow for a Brexit transition period and could cause chaos in financial markets  
Argentina plans to use no-deal Brexit to enhance Falklands claim, currently recognized as British territory under EU’s Lisbon Treaty, which member states are obligated to support. If UK leaves EU, the obligation ends if there’s no new deal that upholds it 
The awful ill-mannered exchanges - often between women -  about women’s state pension age sadden me enormously. They help neither understanding nor the chances of achieving any help for the people affected. Some of you make Brexit discussions seem good tempered. Please stop. 
@uklabour @jeremycorbyn. @johnmcdonnellMP need to listen up to younger voters. Their support has dwindled. They will carry the biggest brexit burden. They are >84% #remain 
I'll translate - Corbyn is a letter bomber cos ... BrexitMy good lord this is hideous from Will Hutton. Disgusting. Oi FBPE / 'centrists' etc - the far right are the baddies. The ones you NEVER talk about   
You were very rude to Gerard Batten on Any Questions, having just complained about the low level of behaviour re Brexit. You are therefore a total disgrace and hypocrite.  
Bassett will leave the chief executive role at the end of the year. Under her watch, the regulator warned that British democracy “may be under threat” and called for a raft of new legislation to clarify who is paying for online political campaign material. 
Excellent news!  @LabourStudents are backing a People’s VoteNot only representing the concerns of students across the UK, but also for their generation, who are really concerned about the implications of Brexit @peoplesvote_uk @FFSake_ @OFOCBrexit 
The problem (well, one of the million problems) is the number of people who still prioritise Corbyn over stopping Brexit.Please understand this. If Corbyn backs remain, WE WILL ELECT HIM. We can both win here. Do you see?Pressure him to switch, and your dream comes true. 
[WATCH] David Starkey's Brexit verdict on Henry VIII vs Theresa May  
Dyson, Rees-Mogg, Redwood, Ashcroft, Lawson: How Brexiteers are trying to escape the cost of Brexit.While they shield themselves from the cost of Brexit, voters are told that they must accept any deal (or no-deal) - whatever the cost 
Today's no sh*t Sherlock news: 'Northern Ireland not well prepared for no deal #Brexit'  
A question for the panel and especially for Gerard Batten on @BBCAnyQuestions #BBCaqBrexit: It's not going very well, is it? (Steve Bray) #JustAsking 
29 Nobel prize winners warn about dangers to science around Brexit.  But don't worry, Boris Johnson and Jaco Rees-Mog say we're fine. 
THREAD 1/ DO IRISH VOTERS GIVE A DAMN? There’s a referendum in Ireland on whether to remove an article from the constitution outlawing #blasphemy. @PatsyMcGarryIT, religious affairs correspondent @IrishTimes, tells @pritheworld what’s what. 
Brexit is a symptom of the EU royally shafting the UK for decades.So we told you all to stick it when the sun don't shine.P.S. If I was Theresa May, I'd be e-mailing you a £100,000,000 invoice for saving you French from the Nazis in 1945.#CheekySod 
Alan Sugar says Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be imprisoned over #Brexit 'lies'  
A sub-optimal replacement of the functioning system that we already have.What a Brexit mess.  
Look in your backyard Jeremy, the far right is here in the UK.and is laughing at your distraction from the real issue. They are using Brexit as a a way of gaining power.  
You can't underestimate the effect Brexit has on the 5 million people that have been #InLimbo for the last TWO PLUS YEARS! Even now, while we're hurtling down to Brexit-day with only 5 months to go, we are kept in uncertainty. Deliberately. WHO CARES ABOUT US? #BrexitIsPersonal 
‘We campaign for Labour because it stands for openness, internationalism and working people.Brexit is bad for students and it is bad for Britain. We must protect our generation’s future: our job prospects, freedom to travel and outward-looking place in the world.’  
My cat is doing my nut in. Keeps crying at the door and when I get up to open it, just want to sit and look outside before changing his mind about going out. 2 mins later, same thing again. I'm changing his name to #Brexit.... 
I’ve gone quiet because I’m hiding from the Labour-member Remainers who now know I’m a Leaver, and hiding from the Labour-voter Leavers who now know I really do support our enemies, hoping Brexit will destroy the Tories and I can just sort of sneak in. 
“Labour cannot deliver its radical vision for society under any form of Brexit, even if in Government.” Brilliant from @elliee_james - @LabourStudents Yorkshire and Humber Rep - on why she backs a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
Do you know how annoying it is for Labour members to see you focus on issues in other countries when the referendum was illegally won in your own country and you're studiously avoiding the fact? 
WE MUST UNITE. WE MUST MAKE SURE BREXIT HAPPENS. WE MUST RESTORE FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FOR TOO LONG FREEDOM OF SPEECH HAS BEEN TAKEN AWAY FROM US AS THE GOVERNMENT WANTS TO CREATE FEAR IN US!!!RETWEET AND LIKE IF YOU WANT FREE SPEECH!!!!!!!!! 
An 'IN / OUT' referendum, the choice is in your hands.  
Young people didn't vote for Brexit, but they'd definitely be paying for it. Seem fair? 
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says “There’s nothing more British than trusting the British people”.  So why on earth, Sadiq, are you rejecting the decision of the British people on Brexit, and trying to overturn it in a second referendum? 
#Guardian #Brexit trade article, or "How to do Russophobic propaganda in three easy steps":1. Big scary headline2. Mealy-mouthed qualification.3. Slip the truth in near the end and hope no one notices.#BoycottTheGuardian 
After 35 years voting Labour I currently don't care what happens to it. I care more that we avoid all forms of #Brexit. With JC Labour is currently a hindrance to that. The Labour I used to vote for currently doesn't exist.  
*Brexit Explained*  
Brexit secretary refuses to give evidence to Parliament. He was on the Campaigns Committee that oversaw Vote Leave’s strategy. Their strategy was to break electoral law.  
We have days left to keep #remain on the table. So many brilliant ordinary people have fought hard, with courage dignity and honesty to tell the truth about #Brexit. So, just as the trolls, the bots and the left and right wing Brexit fanatics up their game. SO DO I. Join me  
Fantastic to see @LabourStudents officially call on our party to endorse a #PeoplesVote.It will be the poorest and youngest who are hit hardest by #Brexit.Inspring to see students fighting for  their futures Brexit is not inevitable.   
The unravelling of Brexit, latest  
IMO Dominic Grieve correct to accuse Lord Hain of abusing his privileged position. But not nearly as much as Dominic Grieve has in his attempt to block Brexit. 
“Brexit is bad for students and bad for Britain – it will not solve any of the problems of the working class in this country – only a radical Labour Government will, inside EU” Great to see @LabourStudents National Committee back a #PeoplesVote! #FFS 
It's time to be an Independent Nation once again, time to take back control of our Laws, Borders, Money and Trade.We're going global #Brexit  
Nathan Gill MEP - "We voted to take back control. We will remember those politicians from whatever political party who vote to water down #Brexit or block it entirely."We will remember those politicians who ignore us and tell us that we need to vote again."  
Labour Students National Committee demands a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.  
I dropped off a handwritten letter on #Brexit concerns to my MP today (and suggestions of course). If you haven’t done it yet, I recommend it!#peoplesvote@mikegalsworthy 
According to this FuckQuit a londoner both lives in a city where you can't here an English accent and knows nothing about immigration. Ladies and gentlemen This is  quite simply Fuck Quittery as art   #Brexit pic.twitter.com/YzLK21CUj5 
5) MPs (Labour & Tory) *must have known* the grave risk they took by knowing there was no plan for #Brexit, but voting for it anywayIf they knew, they're not fit to be MPsIf they didn't know, they're not fit to be MPsEnd/ 
Well this is interesting. The Government's Brexit Mufasa aka Attorney General Geoffrey Cox MP has been in Belfast for the past two days having talks with the DUP. They both look very jolly.  
I agree #PeoplesVote much better idea. Time for Norway + is probably over now. All too late to negotiate. HMG should have considered it at start as soft Brexit option but instead sadly alienated all us Remainers.  
The mainstream people’s vote campaign is completely ignoring the reasons for #Brexit - poverty, inequality and marginalisation @CarolineLucas is on fire tonight at #EuropeForTheMany. Quite right 
This idiotic masochistic #Brexit is just getting worse. Hapless liar and corrupt #Tory Liam Fox has to engage in negotiations with all the countries that are opposing fast track access to world markets in the WTO.We are so screwed. 
Fracking stopped in Lancs because of earthquakesIt starts again tomorrowWe cannot allow fracking in Scotland  After #Brexit UK government’s #PowerGrab gives them powers over our environmentLet’s make our decisions in Scotland#DissolveTheUnion #NoFrackingInScotland 
Unacceptable .... Brexit is a coup plain and simple   
Over 83,000 signatures keep signing and retweeting everyone let’s get this to 100,000 as there are serious risks of no deal Brexit  #FBPE #NoDealNoBrexit #WATON 
A new report says 5,600 people could die a year because of poor diet brought on by a Hard Brexit. Does this concern you?@Matthew_Wright | @TVKev | @OxFutureofFood | @JulianhJessop 
A strong Norwegian argument on why the #Norway mode is a bad idea for Britain.Professor Erik O Eriksen (@eoeriksen) from the University of Oslo argues we are better off with another referendum. #FinalSay 
Still hoping this will be a magical November where Trump is utterly demolished in the polls, and Brexit is cancelled when the Tories implode under the sheer weight of their own hatred. 
1) Lots about #Brexit make me angry but this is right up thereThese brexiter vandals (and the idiots who follow them) put the UK in a position where potentially *every single trading country in the world* has a veto on our futureEvery single one 
Well done for finding the time to comment on tracking and totally ignoring 700,000 people marching for #PeoplesVote . Stop ignoring the insanity that is brexit! 
D’oh!  “Britain signalled on Thursday that its attempt to seal terms for its post-Brexit membership of the World Trade Organization by a fast-track procedure had failed, and it must now enter negotiations which are likely to be lengthy.  
#Brexit won't ruin #StrictlyComeDancing, No 10 says following Vince Cable claims 
"Project Fear With Tassles": Vince Cable mocked for claiming Brexit threatens Strictly  
Key point here is, there is no "World Trade Deal" post #Brexit, and no country *in the world* is in the ridiculous position we are in, negotiating with up to 167 countriesAnyone who said "world trade deal" was a charlatan & a liarNo surprise of course 
.@MrTCHarris: A Norway-style Brexit should be enough for a country as divided as ours  
On your way home? Cooking the tea? Frantically filling in a UK:US trade consultation? You need today's #Remainiacs podcast featuring "#PeoplesVote: where next?", special guest @NickCohen4 on the long-term effects of the Brexit squabble, and more:  
WATCH: Raab's response to the #OFOC Brexit report...@DominicRaab we are still eagerly awaiting your visit, we have lots of questions! xxx 
Big story - which FT would be on to if it were a newspaper - is huge problem Liam Fox is having at WTO to agree our post-Brexit membership. And dearth of competent trade negotiators in Fox’s DIT @lionelbarber 
The UK has officially redeemed itself for Brexit, Amerikkka it’s your turn to redeem yourselves for letting Trump happen.  
1/ To understand #Brexit you have to know about the Koch brothers, who are using their $90bn oil and gas & manufacturing fortune to drive US politics in the direction of ultra-free market 'libertarian' economics, & whose influence extends deep into #Brexit politics.#PeoplesVote 
One in four people living in London weren’t born in the UK little wonder they voted against Brexit. 
I'll be honest, I stopped identifying as #FBPE because it immediately created a roadblock in discussions. But seems fairly obvious that in the week since #PeoplesVoteMarch, absolute Corbyn loyalists are back to savaging said tag to distract from Corbyn clearly backing Brexit. 
Brexit costing UK £500M a week. Study says Brexit vote caused £26 billion annual loss /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
*drunk man at the bus stop*“You’re the Brexit Tory bitch with the body aren’t you”I love my fans  
As Lord Heseltine said "For 2000 years in Europe we've settled disputes by sending our young people to die.The EU changed this.Now we're sacrificing their future again"The worst part of Brexit is that the first generation to be free of war is the one destabilising peace. 
A warning to MPs. If you force through a #Brexit obtained by lies, hate, electoral crime, cheating, gerrymandering and the interference of Russia & US big money, then the growing Remain majority will demand that you are prosecuted for crimes against democracy.  #PeoplesVote 
@JFKLibrary I’ve nominated Catalan President Carles Puigdemont (@KRLS), in exile in Belgium due to Spanish repression after he autorized a peaceful independence referendum. He's charged with rebellion, and his former office has been jailed for almost a year now or exiled too. 
When Juventus were found to have cheated they were stripped of the title, relegated and docked points. So let's follow football, scrap #Brexit, kick the Tories out of government and give them a 50 seat handicap in the next general election.#PeoplesVote 
Ever heard of the phrase? If you can’t convince them, confuse them. Well that‘s exactly what those negotiating #Brexit are seeking to do to right now. Be it through the Irish border, trade deals or rights of #EUcitizens. You can be confused, yes. But do not be fooled. Stay alert. 
Fishermen Cautious on Gove’s Brexit Fisheries Bill, Fear Govt Betrayal, Endless ‘Transition’ 
Coming up at 7pm #Moats @talkRADIO #Brexit #TheresaMay #Khashoggi #SaudiArabia #TonyBlair and MORE 
Blair & @campbellclaretPreviously...‘New’ LabourMass immigrationDodgy dossierIllegal warDr David KellyLies, deceit, spinNow...Subversion of British democracyIt’s almost as if they planned to be the most hated, loathed, despised & ridiculed ‘men’ in Britain#Brexit  
My latest Brexit blog post on the growing alarm of UK businesses, Tory Brexiters' fallacious dismissal of this, the paradox of how Brexiters (& some remainers) say the economy doesn't matter any more - and yet insist that it does. And more. Just up now:  
Turn out is reported to be very slow in the Presidential election and referendum in the south. Make sure you get out to vote if you are eligible! #think32 #Aras18 
Michel Barnier told to make contingency plans for second Brexit referendum as Final Say petition nears one million signatures  
Dear @theresa_may, when can we expect @LiamFox’s resignation or dismissal from the post of Secretary of State for International Trade & President of the Board of Trade, given what he said about post-Brexit trade deals just a year ago?  
The absolute state of people replying to @jeremycorbyn’s latest tweet about Brazilians expressing concerns that Bolsonaro is to be their next president to go on about Brexit like a broken record.These people don’t care about fascism, nor do they realise Corbyn isn’t in govt. 
Andrea Jenkyns MP - "As I’ve said many times I think the only people who can actually deliver Brexit are people who believe in #Brexit. "Not one party leader has taken these opportunities for Britain to take it forward including PM Theresa May."  
I think it's fair to say that the referendum on blasphemy has failed to excite the popular imagination tbh. Try giving us a referendum on a right to housing and let's see what happens. 
#Sheffield!!!This #Brexit conference tomorrow!With #EUsupergirl and Sheffield MP @PaulBlomfieldMP 
Corbyn's Record on Brexit  
For a Brexit voter to have fought in World War II they'd need to have been 89+ in 2016. I'd say that would be a very small minority.Unless your argument is that if you've lived through hard times as a child, you have the right to inflict hard times on future generations. 
And meanwhile you are enabling the far right in your own country by supporting a fascist Brexit. Talk about a hypocrite!  
The Tories spending on England’s ageing school buildings has fallen by £3.5 billion. This is a real terms CUT of 41% since 2010. This is yet another cut buried by the government in the hope of us not noticing. All that matters to them is a hard Brexit, our children are forgotten. 
How about doing this in the UK too?Ah, that’d get in the way of your beloved Brexit.  
The U.S., New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Ukraine, Israel and Moldova have all blocked Britain’s post-Brexit entry into the World Trade Organization’s Government Procurement Agreement, a market worth $1.7 Trillion 
The ERG line is simple: Let's push the British people off the no-deal economic cliff so while the plebs suffer we can make ourselves, our cronies and our super-rich patrons a shed load of money through a feast of disaster-capitalism and a #Brexit tax haven.#PeoplesVote 
Julia Hartley-Brewer - "The evidence is actually that people on lower incomes actually voted to leave on average."And a lot of them were saying, and the polling suggests I am right in this...even if there is a financial hit, they want their country to be sovereign." #Brexit  
The government wants #Brexit, Corbyn wants Brexit. Trump & Murdoch want Brexit. Brexit is the establishment, a greedy, corrupt and dishonest establishment. Remain is the resistance and we are going to drain the whole stinking Brexit swamp.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Russia seeks to capitalise on Brexit after blocking Liam Fox's WTO plan  
The UK has no formal constitution to protect us from governments abusing their immense powers. We depend on them either exercising self-restraint or being restrained by Parliament or fear of electoral defeat. In the case of #Brexit that arrangement has failed.#PeoplesVote 
Many more people saying they’d like a #PeoplesVote judging from the conversations I had in Nottingham city centre today. Real worries about #Brexit impact on jobs & NHS. Thanks to @NottPeoplesVote for their campaigning! 
Brazil's fascist likely next president is riding the same xenophobic and nationalist forces as Trump, Le Pen, Farage, Bannon, Salvini and, yes, Brexit.Just as they've built a global movement, we must work together at home and abroad to #Resist this poisonously closed worldview. 
Irish border resident - "I think there’s bad leadership in Ireland, it’s almost got to a stage where the EU is now the new Holy Catholic Empire and any criticism of it now is almost blasphemy." #Brexit #Irexit 
Apparently Suggs has come out against Brexit. It's political Madness gone correct. 
Thankyou @jeremycorbyn that's decent of you to stand in solidarity with the people of Brazil. Millions of UK citizens are also deeply worried that the rise of the far-right threats on our democratic rights esp via Brexit. Would you please stand by us too? #PeoplesVote 
May is offering to give the vote to all EU nationals after Brexit in English general elections. This could kill off the Tories at last. 
I grew up in a Midlands mining town. Its pit was shut in the mid 80s, and I don't think the town ever recovered. I wouldn't wish that experience on any place. To dismiss it as "these things happen" - well, I'm lost for a civil word to say. We don't have to do Brexit... 
I’m not ‘a Lib Dem’ or ‘Labour’ or ‘a Tory’, etc. I don’t naturally fit into any party. I don’t want to be identified with a party.In a vote, I’ll vote for the party most likely to stop Brexit. The pre-condition for this is of course is that the party *intends* to stop Brexit. 
Lib Dem leader Sir Haw Haw is now claiming that Brexit will damage Strictly Come Dancing as half the professional dancers will leave. Senility? Stupidity? Desperation for a headline before he too forgets the existence of the Lib Dems? 
Yep we are worried about it here in the UK, in case you hadn't noticed we are currently experiencing an authoritarian coup in the form of brexit. Whilst I applaud your interest in world issues, could you turn your attention to problems at home, just for a few months?#PeoplesVote 
London’s dismal failure of a mayor, Sadiq Khan, is in Brussels telling the EU ‘to put the brakes on Brexit’ and extend the timing on Article 50. So he now stands for rising crimes of violence, a shortage of affordable housing and the betrayal of the nation. Quite a record. 
I think Remainers and Leave voters want the same things. 1 - A prosperous UK2 - A strong NHS3 - A sensible immigration policy.The problem is that Brexit and the framing of the issues around Brexit doesn't deliver any of them.What to do? 
it ain't just Brazilians mate! what about our rights as EU citizens that you back stripping us of with the far-right wet dream that is Brexit? what about the EU nationals who are losing their right to stay in their home?? WHAT ABOUT US JEREMY?? wake up ffs!!! 
Friday afternoons, that time when the few Whitehall Civil Servants who are still working come back from the pub and dream up new Brexit impact scenarios. "Calais Port will bankrupt itself to spite Jacob Rees Mogg" etc. 
If EU Citizens are allowed the vote, then I hope all vote against those who chose to discriminate against them. #Karma #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
- A Republic instead of a monarchy.- PR instead of FPTP.- One of the best-rated health systems in the world.- Cheap rents and profoundly strong tenant rights.- 42 days full sick pay.- A bustling and growing tech scene.- No Brexit.Sound good? Move to Berlin!  
Anybody, absolutely anybody, who says that Corbyn or the Labour Party are in any way responsible for the absurdity that is Brexit is either lying, or is so detached from reality that they can safely be ignored. It’s totally a #ToryBrexitShambles 
This can't be true.For years leavers have insisted that UK merely has "to fall back on WTO rules" if it leaves the EU.It's almost like people campaigning for #Brexit had not the slightest idea what they were talking about. 
millions of your countrymen and women are deeply worried about brexit's impact on peace, jobs, futures. But you don't seem to care. Why is that?#PeoplesVote 
Once again Tory Brexiters are confirming this whole sorry Brexit mess is about what benefits just them, and not the country  
Just seen this, petition against any 2nd ref. LEAVERS are going to need to get a whole lot noisier if we are to stop the EU (+ aspects of our own Civil Service?) working against The People to scupper Brexit. The whole country voted - *collective* decision. 
The anti-democratic campaign for a second referendum is a laughing stock.  
There is no way you can understand Brexit without understanding the games Liam Fox and pals are up to. Latest from me and @PeterKGeoghegan: 
Incredible - Governor of Bank of France is asking French insurers to trigger hard Brexit contingency plans now 
#Brexit leading economist advises British government to wind down UK car industry live on BBC.Congratulations Sunderland!Job done.  
I recently watched back the news coverage of the night of the #Brexit vote and it struck me just how wide of the mark the remainers were in understanding the people who voted leave. For too many this is still the case and it is undermining the negotiations 
#quote "Leading Brexiteer claims to have seen draft Brexit deal""DRAFT deal would grant VOTING rights to EU citizens"They are out to scupper Brexit.EU citizens voting IN THE UK would ensure REMAIN on a 2nd vote.Is May aware of this 'draft'? Is Robbins? 
#Brexit's now an all out Civil War with 2 irreconcilable optionsThere is no CompromiseThe choice's always been betwn a #brexitshambles causing irreversible harm, Removing Rights & our future or an option to#StopBrexit & the harm. #PeoplesVote #Remain 
I suspect the fact that the answer to these questions is always "more Europe" is a more significant cause of Brexit  
Brilliant thread. #Brexit is not about party politics or keeping your seat. It’s about saving a country, and in the face of absolutely no opposition some people are trying to do that. They do not deserve to be smeared unfairly as an entire group. #peoplesvote x 
The government has asked museums to compile information about the 'nationality' of employees 'to think about the implications of Brexit':  
For me, the Brexit is a symptom of the current failures of Europe. The answer is a stronger Europe. 
Sadiq is certainly right. Article 50 will need to be extended so there is time for people to have the final say on the Brexit deal. 
.@10DowningStreet: Thanks for the reply but EU citizens in the UK and UK citizens in the EU need more than that. It’s time to ringfence citizens rights so they are protected in the event of a no-deal Brexit! It’s the right thing to do.  
The option of crashing out with no deal and trading on WTO terms is no longer an option. No cards left. So ask yourself, Brexit fans, what's best: Chequers, or putting it back to the people? 
Repeal referendum:  no man or beast will stop me being first outside this polling station Today: This is a good episode of Tipping Point dunno if I can be arsed leaving the house 
From today's @FinancialTimes #Brexit #NoDeal 
Brilliant to be in Paris to host our 10th Brexit Café in Europe making sure that young people across the continent have a voice in shaping the future of UK-EU relations through our @APPG_Brexit #CommonFutures  
Conference Alert Wed 14th November 2018 What will future relationships look like when the dust settles? The theme of our conference ‘Healing the wounds after Brexit: Rebuilding relationships on the island of Ireland.’Details to follow  Presented in conjunction with  
Good to meet with @MarosSefcovic, the @EU_Commission Vice President in charge of Energy Union. Whatever the outcome of Brexit, we will need to work closely with the EU on energy, climate and air quality issues. #LondonIsOpen  
“You acknowledged this process could take 6 months, during which time no animal exports could take place. This would be catastrophic for the UK’s agrifood sector”.Didn't Mr Gove say a deal would be easy as "we hold all the cards"?#Brexit #EndTheChaos 
#IVoted Just in from voting, very fast, No 1 Liah Ni Riada, and a quick x on Referendum paper.! 
Equal time? Marr & Neil 'The Andrews Sisters' and many others Brextremists at the BBC are abolutely tailoring their shows, question video clips etc. to help an extreme Brexit that very few voters intended. #BBCBias #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Really constructive discussion with the Advocate General for NI Geoffrey Cox QC MP.  Pressed the need for a sensible Brexit which works for NI, UK & RoI.  
So... #Brexit looks set to lose us The Falklands, Gibraltar, Northern Ireland, Scotland... and our food security.For what gain? 
Lyft, which has signed on to agreement to "promote equity" , is meanwhile spending cash to defeat a tax referendum designed to double funding for housing the homeless in San Francisco.  
hubris/ˈhjuːbrɪs/noun1. excessive pride or self-confidence.2. (in Greek tragedy) excessive pride towards or defiance of the gods, leading to nemesis.3. Brexit Britain’s reflection. 
More unemployment coming to a place near you soon as this Brexit Farce reaches  the  last show. The end will be quick and Nasty as poverty grows wild spread.  
It's also messed up the Crowdfunding appeal for the team fighting the Brexit Corrution .. here is the link again ..please donate if you can, I guarnatee it' s going to make a difference and help criminal charges being filed against the crooks behind Brexit  
Public opinion has shifted since the Brexit referendum: more voters now favour retaining single market membership than controlling immigration. @BremainInSpain 
This part of the #Labour party conference resolution on #brexit has been overlooked in much of the commentary:  
Not sure what I did..barely engaged the guy..maybe they just don't want to see the fact that #Remain is now a major movement that threatens to eclipse his man.His man is losing #Remain votes faster than he retains Red Kippers.There is no #Lexit all versions of #Brexit R Tory  
Before the referendum, Phillip Lee MP promised that if Leave won he would deliver on the result. Now he is trying to overturn that result with a second referendum.  
Lord Russell - Last Saturday, my son & I attended the 1st demonstration that I have ever taken part in. My favourite poster was, I assume, done for the benefit of our ex-Foreign Secretary @BorisJohnson; it read: “Testiculi ad Brexitam”(bollocks to #brexit) #FBPE #peoplesvote 
Britain has decided to enfranchise all EU nationals (at least in England and Northern Ireland - it is devolved in Scotland and Wales).That is a TRAP, designed by the EU to ensure a Remain majority in any second referendum@DCBMEP  via @Telegraph 
Brexit will hit young people - but they're fighting back  @Hugodlucas @OFOCBrexit 
"SuPpOrT YeR LocAl" twitter is just a load of divorced yer da's with heart disease that know nothing other than Brexit football. 
“I would advocate electoral reform; replace the House of Lords with a Citizens Assembly. Give a real meaningful reply to that Brexit vote and show people that actually we do care and are willing to change the settlement” @GoodwinMJ on the Sputnik tomorrow on Sky 511/FreeView234 
BRUSSELS: Khan urges EU to extend Article 50, help stop Brexit. Another Remoaner seeking to totally undermine the UK side during the negotiation. Utter disgrace.  
Brilliant Italian MEP @ellyesse slamming the EU leadership on migration, climate change and tax justice but also showing  we can only transform this by stopping #Brexit and working together for real change. #EuropeForTheMany 
No wonder young people are upset about Brexit — it’ll cost them. ⁦@lara_spirit⁩ eloquently explaining why the great majority of young people don’t want Brexit & how a #PeoplesVote would give the British public a #finalsay on any deal before we do so 
This @Conservatives Government is in chaos.MPs from across the parties must stand with the @LibDems and fight for the people to have the #FinalSay over #Brexit, including the option to remain. #PeoplesVote 
Real world translationI know Londoners are concerned about the out-of-control knife crime but I am too busy massaging my ego in Brussels meddling in Brexit, undermining Britain's national interest while I pretend to be Labour-Leader-in-Waiting.PS: Don't I just look grand...  
Royal Bank of Scotland has taken a £100 million earnings hit over Brexit -- making it the first major lender to acknowledge costs related to the UK pulling out of the EU  
Earlier I met @marossefcovic, the @EU_Commission Vice President in charge of Energy Union. Whatever the outcome of Brexit, we will need to work closely with the EU on energy, climate and air quality issues. #LondonIsOpen 
David. Arron wants you to fight him on Twitter. Instead, can you pls ask questions about in parliament. This week, the culture minister refused to answer qs on subject. Why?? @commonscms said in official report, it doesn't know where his Brexit £££ came from & needs investigating  
The @PimlicoPlumbers effect is gaining traction in #Cheltenham. @AlexChalkChelt knows very well that a huge majority of his constituents don’t support his Chequers Brexit. Mind you, neither does the Parliamentary majority! #PeoplesVote 
"We have to end free movement to respect the referendum result" is a mantra among Brexiteers in politics. The truth is more complicated. Me for @TheStaggers 
Tory Politicians Are Complaining On WhatsApp That Giving EU Citizens The Vote After Brexit Will Hurt Them In The Polls  via @alexwickham 
well well well the easy Brexit going well i see  - UK signals failure of bid for quick Brexit transition at WTO.What do you think about this development? And, please share widely. Thanks.20 WTO members have officially registered objections to Britain's proposed WTO schedules! 
We're really getting somewhere now, everyone; poll after poll shows people are waking up to the chaos of #Brexit, and just last week 670,000 of them took to the streets to say so.We need to keep up the pressure - contribute and RT to help #EndTheChaos! 
Pickin son up from primary school. Saw a dodgy lookin fella smiling at me lad. Pissed off. Thought he was a kiddy snatcher. Body slam the prick. Hop on top of his van. Jump off and land a flyin brexit elbow. Kept sayin he was an ofsted inspector. Just a fancy name for nonce. 
Roses are red,Need analogies for Brexit,  
One thing the Brexit process has proven: the House of Lords needs total reform. It is dangerously out of touch with the mood of the country  
If there was a GE I would not vote for Labour. I would vote Lib Dem. This is entirely about #Brexit .Nothing is acceptable to me except a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain .Labour’s front bench are Brexiters. Supporting Labour supports Brexit.  
It's hardly collusion when they are tweeting about the bloody meeting. Collusion is acting secretly or illegally in order to deceive or cheat someone. Like when your pal and  donor @Arron_banks had meetings with Russian embassy officials before Brexit.  
Hmm, so even the basic post-Brexit WTO option failed the "easiest deal in human history" test? Who knew? (Well, obviously, anyone with half a brain knew, but Liam Fox was clearly broadsided by the revelation and is now left scrabbling for crumbs...)  
Ruining biz of florists already. Some import 100% flowers from Netherlands. Price rises of 20%  since referendum & not able to quote for wedding flowers for April. @flowersbyrosa speaks to @OxfordStays on this: 
Argentina says it could exploit no-deal Brexit to 'enhance' relations with Falklands: So howabout it, Little Englanders? Keep the Falkland Islands, or keep Brexit? 
NO CHANCE: UK hits back after Argentina hint at using Brexit to 'enhance' Falklands claim. “All of the overseas territories will retain their current relationship with the UK after we leave the EU. “The PM will be in Argentina in coming weeks.” 
News in @standardnews from @HeathrowAirport and BA owners IAG today that they can cope with a No Deal Brexit. Don’t panic. The whole of Project Fear is fallling apart. Let’s scrap this wretched Withdrawal Agreement and get right out. Govt needs to move to No Deal preparation now. 
C&C, the maker of Bulmers & Magners cider is to start producing European drinks at its UK plant after #Brexit. CEO Stephen Glancey said that Brexit has presented opportunities for their business and they would be returning parts of their supply chain to the UK. #DespiteBrexit 
It’s a bit odd that @liamfox has been paid a Government salary yet didn’t notice his Brexit trade role was an utter shambles. Good job, Liam!      #brexcrement galore! UK signals failure of bid for quick Brexit transition at WTO | Article [AMP] | Reuters  
Majority of nurses (62%) think the NHS will get worse after Brexit.You don't have to settle for what they give you. You can demand better. You can have a People's Vote on the Brexit deal!  
LEAK: EU migrants 'will have full voting rights' according to secret Brexit plan. “For what it’s worth, it will significantly bolster the non-Tory electorate.” 
I think that may have a cost though, not necessarily financial. The U.K. Have caused the EU a lot of work, have done little or no work on the project themselves, and now want to change their mind? Yes, that would have consequences. 
Sorting #Brexit  
When a referendum has a 52-48% split, you can't talk of the will of the people, you odious shit! In 2016, you said that if Remain won narrowly, you would demand and expect an immediate 2nd referendum. Your part in this sorry affair (#Brexit) will be remembered. Not in a good way. 
I've decided to make some motivational posters using some tweets about brexit, alongside a picture of the person who wrote the tweet.  
Maybe I'm just a pessimistic traitor, but seeing preposterous caricatures like Godfrey Bloom repeatedly use the unfathomable misery of World War II as justification for their Brexit fantasy doesn't really give me the impression that it'll be much fun.  
The UK is imposing some really tough sanctions on Britain. 
But they're trying to right their wrongs. I'm also not so naive to think that any party will always represent my thoughts. But at the very fucking least, the @LibDems along with @Plaid_Cymru & @TheGreenParty & @theSNP see the national catastrophe that is Brexit /19 
after I'd marched with 700 000 people at the #PeoplesVoteMarch, after all the insults *still* thrown at us, whilst one catastrophic news after another concerning Brexit is being published. I said I'd fight Brexit, and so I shall. One other way for me is joining @LibDems /17 
I won't of course neglect @jeremycorbyn's silence to even address the #PeoplesVoteMarch. It's day 6, and I still haven't heard anything from him. Have you?But I've seen the relentless work of all those, like @WernerT_Man @csibike1 to name only two, to stop Brexit /12 
Oohh how I would love this to be the answer, Bring it on!!!#DissolveTheUnion #UseTheMandate #AreYouYesYetThree-state union may be answer to Brexit  
He also said ANY seed grown in the UK post brexit from another country under one of Liam foxes funky trade deals may well be blocked from entering the EU ( like chlorinated chicken ) 
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
"It's time the remainers accepted the result!"#brexit  
Joint statement from Lib Dems, Green Party, SNP and Plaid Cymru on Barnier meetingThe Lib Dems, SNP, Plaid Cymru and Greens are working together, alongside rebels from Labour and the Conservatives, to fight Brexit. Vince Cable pressed Barnier on the ne…  
The director of a British haulage company has told James O'Brien that his company will go under if the UK leaves the Customs Union.@mrjamesob | #Brexit 
Historian David Starkey says that with Henry VIII "we'd get somewhere" in the Brexit negotiations.  
Prepare for 'people's vote' rather than no deal, Cable tells Barnier  The momentum for a #PeoplesVote is clearly growing! Help us achieve a vote on the final Brexit deal as a member of our grassroots organisation:  Please retweet 
Who would negotiate a better Brexit? 
BRIT NAT CENTRALQ. How do we stop the independence cause?A. Brexit. Strip the powers of the Scottish Parliament, decimate Scottish industry, ignore Scotland's likely remain vote and use our media to blame the SNP for it all!#DissolveTheUnion 
Such a bogus and fradulent referendum could well end up being boycotted by over half the population and end up with a turnout of around 30%. It could also result in considerable disorder as anger at this abuse of democracy boiled over. 
Looking forward to all those new trade deals with Tonga we'll be getting to replace those awful EU trade deals we'll be losing if #Brexit goes ahead...yay! 
How have I never come across this in Brexit discussions before? In Italian, instead of saying "You can't have your cake and eat it", they say "You can't have a full wine barrel and a drunk wife". 
That @NickCohen4 making a point rarely, if ever, made that none of the Leave politicians from Corbyn to May can bring themselves to say: "these are the Brexit options; these are the implications of those options".  
John McDonnell says that Labour's version of a #PeoplesVote would not include an option to Remain. That is a mockery of democracy and an insult to the British people and Labour party members. His stance is the same as that of the Tory right.#Brexit 
Some people say you're not allowed any more democracy. Some people say they are denying you democracy so that they can protect... democracy. You can't hurt democracy by adding more! You have a right to a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal!  
Sadiq Khan has called on the EU to prepare for an extension to Article 50, as he told LBC there is still the possibility of another referendum  
Watch @PaulBlomfieldMP making @DominicRaab squirm, asking questions on #citizensrights for the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK in case of no deal Brexit, at the House of Commons yesterday.  
If the reaction to the #peoplesvotemarch tells us one thing it is that it bothers the alt right. The one thing they can't hide is 700,000 people marching in protest. It was a fantastic show of solidarity against brexit and those that have brought it upon us. Well done. #FBPE 
Brexit speech by @AfD @AfDimBundestag leader Alexander Gaulandyoutube link for full speech (7 minutes) in next tweet 
The funny (?) part is that if the UK asked, the EU would very likely agree to pretend nobody ever talked about brexit, as nobody really wishes for this unmitigated disaster. 
I’ve already lost business and money due to Brexit. Why am I supposed to be happy about that? Which one of these Brexiteers is going to reimburse my company? 
Brexit is about "taking back control of our borders" - but woe betide anyone else who does the same, - ie. the EU or worse, France !The only thing which can't get out of the UK at the moment, apparently, is lorry loads of crass jingoism ! :) 
“Britain signalled on Thursday that its attempt to seal terms for its post-Brexit membership of the World Trade Organization by a fast-track procedure had failed, and it must now enter negotiations which are likely to be lengthy”  
Nearly 2 million voters today were too young in 2016 to decide their future relationship with Europe. Oxford economists now find they stand to lose £108k in earnings by 2050 if we go through with this - don't they deserve a #FinalSay? #Brexit #EndTheChaos 
Militant RMT calls ⁦@centralline⁩ strike for same day as existing ⁦@piccadillyline⁩ strike. Apparently due to “management harassment of an employee”.  Guys, this is costing London millions. And the Mayor is in Brussels banging on about Brexit.  
Grateful for your thoughts on this key point: if there was a second - fair and non-criminal - referendum, would you abide by its result no matter whether Leave or Remain won? Please spread. Thank you. 
But, but .... 
[WATCH] David Starkey's Brexit Verdict on Henry VIII vs Theresa May  
"Brexit will not solve the most acute social problems of this country"WATCH IT AGAIN: @ChukaUmunna addressing the #PeoplesVoteMarch crowd of 700,000 last Saturday. Please RT: 
Since the 1st ref Brexit has:*slashed sovereignty by the Prime Minister fighting to hide key documents from parliament *slashed sovereignty by endangering Gibraltar & Falklands*slashed control by making ourselves a global diplomatic laughing stockBrexit is catastrophic 
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to begin "serious contingency planning" for another EU referendum after Sir @vincecable, the SNP's @IanBlackfordMP, Plaid Cymru's @LSRPlaid and Green MEP @MollyMEP met @MichelBarnier in Brussels. 
Making abortion legal will NEVER make it safe or morally right. Slavery used to be legal. No referendum, Westminster vote or pro-abortion poll will ever make the killing of an innocent, defenceless baby morally right.#saveourlaws #notinourname 
Also, as long as they hide their ultimate goal behind a generic “leave the EU”, they can maintain the fiction that a majority supported them in the referendum. As soon as they get specific, that 17m splinters into tiny diametrically opposed, mutually incompatible fragments. 
Just took a nice brisk walk to the polling station to vote in Irish Presidential election & the Blasphemy referendum! I used all my votes 1-6 Good Luck to all candidates  
BREAKING: #Brexit latest - Allowing EU citizens to vote would push 'self-destruct button' on Tories, MEPs claim.No shit Sherlock. F**king ludicrous idea. 
It feels like literally everyone goes to Brussels to negotiate their own #Brexit deal now   
My respect to @andreajenkyns for standing up for Brexit on the pretty horrendous #BBCQT last night. Her commitment to a clean and permanent Brexit is obvious. Would that more of her colleagues showed the same spirit. 
BREXIT, IF YOU COME FOR ALJAŽ YOU WILL FEEL THE WRATH OF A MILLION HOUSEWIVES  
Dear @PiersMorgan. The only thing that Brexit Leavers and Remainers agree on is that you’re a massive bellend. #SU2CRewards, 
Theresa and Olly's Chequers plans mean there'll be no #Brexit for our hardworking fishermen next year.  Worse still, their plans allow the EU to devastate our fleet still further.  We back @fishingforleave Distinctive #Brexit research & news:  
Any good Shakespeare quotes which would serve for describing this Tory Government, austerity, brexit? #FridayFeeling 
British supermarkets could soon be flooded with chlorine-washed chicken, hormone-treated beef and pork laced with drugs thanks to the trade talks @realDonaldTrump is proposing post-Brexit. We will know who is responsible @LiamFox!brexit-trade-deal-talks-uk-13429784 
#Brexit is already costing the UK £500M a week. Time for a #PeoplesVote to avert this Tory #brexitshambles 
Britain should walk away from Brexit talks for a No Deal and ditch £39bn divorce bill, blasts ex-Aussie PM Tony Abbott  
If @SadiqKhan put as much effort into preventing knife crime as he does in attempting to prevent Brexit, London may actually become a pleasant place to visit once again.  Support us at  
Fresh off Vince Cable talking up second referendum, Sadiq Khan in Brussels urging EU to extend Article 50, help delay & stop Brexit. British Remoaner politicians seeking to weaken the UK’s hand in negotiation. Absolutely outrageous.  
Russia is biggest threat to UK since cold war, says head of British army …Meanwhile the government fanatically pursues a #Brexit that would hand Putin a massive strategic victory. Why should we not call them traitors? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit 
I really wish you wouldn't, @SadiqKhan. We have an ambassador in Brussels who can communicate this message quite effectively, as well as multiple cabinet ministers dedicated to Brexit, whose job this is.Could you actually do your job and fix London? Thanks.  
I mean, what could go wrong in having unelected officials decide the immigration policies of individual countries, and decide what individuals in each country can or cannot say?  Only toothless bigoted @realDonaldTrump supporters would vote for Brexit, am I right? 
While I have every sympathy for the fishing community I'm not going to risk the future of my children and grandchildren because of pleas by a Tory-led fishermen's union. There are more things to worry about with #Brexit than fishing. 
We've had a series of constitutional referendums over the past decade, but the 2016 EU referendum is the only one where politicians have dragged their feet and refused to implement the outcome. Why?  
Dear @RichardDawkins, in light of this wonderful manifestation of blasphemy laws by the European Court of Human Rights, it's a real mystery why people voted for Brexit right?  
"There is no good Brexit" - 400 leading architects warn PM: You are ignoring the 48%  
'Dripping with poison of antisemitism': the demonization of George Soros.But the key point is being missed. Putin fears & loathes Soros for his work building democracy in Eastern Europe. The anti-Soros campaign begins at the Kremlin.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
We Remainers can't threaten violence, but we can make it absolutely clear that we will regard pushing through a #Brexit marked by multiple grave abuses of democratic practice, without a #PeoplesVote as a major violation of our democratic system and therefore as a crime. 
Maj of Labour Leadership want a non-existent #Lexit which will = #Brexit. They seek to shut down options to #StopBrexit by seeking a GE which won't include them standing to #RevokeA50 & #Remain.A multi issue GE can't decide it. A #PeoplesVote can. 
#AfterTheMarch there’s absolutely NO change from my completely blinkered #brexit obsessed MP #MikePenning. In my opinion his consistent refusal to scrutinise Brexit coupled with his apparent disregard for Parliamentary Sovereignty is an abject dereliction of duty  
If the UK used the immigration registration systems that other EU countries use, post-no-Brexit, then any time someone tried to argue that EU citizens were a drain on society, they would be able to point to the fact that every EU citizen household is contributing to our economy.  
Argentina says it will use no-deal Brexit to take back the Falkland Islands  
Brexit is a 'historic error' that will make British people poorer  - If you agree then write to your MP asking them to support a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
The British Medical Association has been screaming for months that Brexit hurts the NHS.If you hurt the NHS people die. Fact.Do you see a family members being full of forgiveness in such circumstances?Or those using already food banks...The most vulnerable always suffer most. 
Observing how politicians on all sides have acted over Brexit has been disheartening. But if there is one woman who has consistently stood up for her country & the principles of leave it is @andreajenkyns.I hope she features in the next Government, the UK needs people like her. 
Brexit secretary refuses to give evidence to Parliament - 'The Committee was told that the Secretary of State for Exiting the EU will be unable to attend or give evidence to the Committee until after a deal with the EU has been finalised' 
“Terrified of the prospect of its own independence”The former Aussie PM brilliantly describes the state of mind of Britain’s political leaders regarding Brexit.  What a pathetic,  craven bunch of losers they are.   
Brexit latest: Allowing EU citizens to vote would push 'self-destruct button' on Tories, MEPs claim in leaked Whatsapp messages - live updates  via @Telegraph 
"We are expected to be passive spectators. . .while our unrepresentative leaders wheel & deal to agree a form of Remain by another name, & Brexit becomes an increasingly private affair of the political elites"Totally correct by @spikedonline's Hume. 
Is this guy stupid? Doesn’t he understand you don’t build alliances by constantly criticising Corbyn’s Labour - the largest organised group that could help avert Brexit or achieve the softest Brexit. He’s just playing out personal political games and settling old scores   
"What a movement we have become!"WATCH IT AGAIN: @CarolineLucas's powerful speech to our 700,000 strong #PeoplesVoteMarch last Saturday. This is exactly why we need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. please RT:  
A NO-DEAL Brexit was ALWAYS the plan.Anyone with half a brain could see it a mile away.A NO-DEAL will give the Tories the ability to decimate Scottish industry, blame the SNP, pushed by the media and reign in independence support.Please tell me you can all see this? 
When we joined the EEC we were lied to and deceived by all 3 political parties. The attorney general warned Heath that what he was doing was illegal but with the support of all parties, Heath was able to lie his way through. Today its the same with Brexit - all party lying !!! 
My speech during yesterday’s Lords debate on a second EU referendum 
Interesting @MailOnline have picked up confirmation from senior civil servants @CommonsTreasury that nobody can say whether there'll be a 'Brexit dividend' & more funding available for NHS. Another reasons why we need a #PeoplesVote on the final deal 
Many EU nations are struggling to see how Theresa May can push any reasonable Brexit deal through Parliament, official says  
#Brexit and the booming British strawberry  
(Subtitled in English)Jon Inarritu, Senator from Euskal Herria (Basque Country), criticizes Spain's handling of the Catalan independence referendum:"Can you imagine the government of the United Kingdom jailing the government of Scotland?"  
“You have to talk to people you don’t agree with” I’m glad he’s prepared to make that gesture for the Middle East. He refused to share a platform with pro remain politicians during the EU referendum. Shows exactly where his priorities lie.  
Most midterm races are seen as a referendum on President Trump, but the Senate contest in Florida is being shaped by intensely local forces  
.@mrjamesob's Brexit car boot sale analogy:If you go to a car boot sale, pay £20 for your pitch and make £200, you are £180 better off.If you don't go the car boot and don't pay for the pitch, you are not £20 better off. 
Brexit poses a real threat to rural Wales.The Labour Welsh Government’s plans to change the basic payment system in light of Brexit are going to make things worse.Welsh Gov. have a consultation open on this, but you must reply by October 30th. 
Is Steve Baker MP holding a secret meeting on Brexit? Or is event promotion not one of his strengths? Whichever it is, most of his constituents don't know about this event in Marlow Bottom at 7.30 pm tonight.Please RT  to help him get the views of those who voted for him!  
Productive meeting with @MichelBarnier this morning. Important he hears Londoners' concerns - including the one million EU citizens in our city - who are worried we are heading towards a bad Brexit deal, or no deal, which would be hugely damaging for London. #LondonIsOpen  
This is the point where we sacrifice the Falklands, Gibraltar and any moral compass in relation to Russian sanctions?Anything else? 
John Major on #Brexit - ‘History may well judge that – for a time – the world’s most pragmatic of nations took leave of her senses.’Britain needs a #PeoplesVote to start restoring this nation to sanity. #StopBrexit. 
Something over 80% of Labour members want a referendum on the final deal. If, contrary to his promise, he won't listen to them, why would he listen to my polite entreaties? I think he's more likely to respond to voters deserting Labour, deservedly, for his deceitful hypocrisy.  
If we sort out the tory leadership, we sort out #BrexitDominic Lawson correctly points out that Brexit is being led by RemainersWe have a PM and Chancellor who neither believe in Britain or want a #Brexit.How has this been allowed to happen ?  
The reason people don't believe the predictions about how bad Brexit would be is because people haven't explained WHY it's bad. Allow me....  
The shambles and sheer stupidity of the Brexit debacle ploughs on. What a national tragedy.  
Young people are set to suffer disproportionately from a no deal Brexit - it's time for a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. 
Here's what we can learn from the 'Roman Brexit' 1500 years ago  #politics 
Stansted Car rental bus to terminal with French colleague speaking French as it amuses him. (Mines is fair). English gammon in front rolls his eyes, mumbles to gammon wife he can’t fucking wait till Brexit. Lean over and say neither can the French mate. Wish you’d seen his face. 
Another Brexit Tooth Fairy has died.  
I think you mean:"Disgraced ex-Defence Secretary Liam Fox has failed.Now Britain must enter what are likely to be lengthy talks with other members on basic conditions of trade after Brexit: " 
Agree with so much of what you say and admire what you do. But it is also true much of UK print media misled readers on Brexit and I’m afraid the BBC did and does give equal time to (to take an example) Minford and nearly every other academic economist. @peston has a point. 
I had a productive meeting with @MichelBarnier this morning. Important he hears Londoners' concerns - including the 1 million EU citizens in our city - who are worried we are heading towards a bad Brexit deal, or no deal, which would be hugely damaging for London #LondonIsOpen 
Yesterday @vincecable, alongside the SNP, Greens and Plaid Cymru, met @MichelBarnier in Brussels. We emphasised that there's cross-party resistance to the destructive Brexit being pursued by the Tories and waved through by Labour.  
Yet another of the at best misleading statements or worse deliberate false promises by Brexiters during the EU Referendum campaign. I repeatedly warned of WTO blockage but accused of scaremongering!! What a tragedy media inc #bbc never properly challenged Leavers on trade issue. 
What right has Khan to say such a thing - this loon who can't do his own job has delusions off grandeur - is it a muslim trait Sadiq Khan warns EU to brace for Brexit to be DELAYED  via @MailOnline 
Ireland holding referendum today to decriminalise blasphemy as ECHR criminalises religious defamation 
A proposal:If there's a #Brexit dividend, it goes straight to Brexiters.However, any losses incurred by Brexit will be paid for by Brexiters via a Brexit tax.If they believe so firmly in their project, I'm sure they'll be willing to sign a binding contract to this effect. 
"If the price of Brexit is the destruction of the United Kingdom then that is a price that a Conservative and unionists should deem to be far too high."Guto Bebb explains why he is backing a people's vote, to protect the country he loves: 
Another problem is, that from our (FBPE) point of view, Labour in fact facilitates Brexit, although Brexit means economic and social suicide. There can be no doubt about that, and that's the reason why there have been fierce debates between us and Corbynistas. 
Tintin and the Brexit plan!  
BBC News - Vince Cable urges Barnier to prepare for new referendum  
Liam@Fox will sign nontrade dealsBrexit will be such a disaster that Fox Dominic Raab & the others will soon join Boris Johnson & David Davis in the rubbish bin of history It will be the “remoaners” who will end up clearing up the disgusting mess left by the brexiters  
Dear @GerardBattenMEPInsults are the last resort of insecure people with a crumbling position trying to appear confident #JustSayin'Yours #TeamRemain- the people of this country who won't be steamrollered into a destructive #BLUkip #Brexit  
Bigotry and hate have always existed, the difference now is that a ruthless kleptocratic elite in the US and UK has decided to use them as tools to get itself ever more freedom from taxation and regulation.#Brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
This is mental.......lol - what a load of utter crap from ⁦@DailyMailUK⁩ - seems the new editor has BDS - #brexitderangmentsyndrome - Brexit could kill 5,600 people a year as fruit and veg prices soar  
Brexit falls under that . #FBPE U.K. members are a grass root group who made the #PeoplesVoteMarch a HUGE success, twice.They cross all parties. This tweet is disrespectful & ignorant : the very accusation you make of the ppl you’re attacking. #FBPE 
Not content with going back on his repeated promises to respect the result by backing a second referendum, @SadiqKhan is now seeking to sabotage the Brexit negotiations. All the while he is ignoring his day job and failing Londoners on transport, housing & policing.  
It was quite nice to vote in a referendum today without a few years of traumatic campaigning attached, wasn't it? 
Bristol sports equipment firm moves some of its operations to Europe because of #Brexit. Time for a #PeoplesVote to take control of this dog's dinner #Brexit:  
British forces died that the Falkland Islanders could choose who ruled them. Now they are discarded as a price worth paying, so that the Brexit elite can continue to avoid tax, and even criticise anybody wears a white poppy. They aren't patriots. They're shameless tax dodgers! 
Another #referendum, and yet another ballot paper calculated to confuse some voters.There’s no direct reference on it to the issue to be decided, so that it’s clear that votingTÁ or YES means dropping #blasphemy from the ConstitutionNÍL or NO means keeping it.#BlasphemyRef 
"Grandstanding & grievance "to complain about Brexit according to Murdo Fraser. It is clear Murdo wants Scotland and Scots to roll over to a British Government hell-bent on destroying Scotland. 
The single Brexit positive Scots Tories have been able to hang their sou'westers on is fishing. Yet, like all other Brexit benefits, it's an elitist construct. Torcuil explains the people who stand to benefit most are FIVE millionaire families. We've been played like a salmon   
Tony Blair's former PPS, Lord Grocott says the campaign for a second referendum is nothing but a patronising attempt to overrule the democratic decision that this country took in 2016.Join our campaign:  
This ward really likes brexit.  
In this blog post, I draw on Norwegian experiences in arguing that there should be a second #referendum on #Brexit   
So apparently by merely giving airtime to those with whom the liberal elite disagree, the BBC has “enabled Brexit”?! Is this former @TheSun editor for real? Some people who really should know better have taken leave of their senses... 
"A hard Brexit will cost young people 3x more than tuition fees, and amounts to more than double the deposit first time buyers need to buy a house."MUST-READ report by University of Oxford economist outlines the consequences of Brexit for young people  
These people - loads of senior politicos have done it - are actively working to prevent the will of the British people as expressed in the referendum vote from being implemented as promised. They should openly admit that and be judged on it.  
Jeremy Hunt is worried that May is about to sign a Brexit deal that will destroy her successor. But can he, or anyone else, stop her? My Telegraph column:  
Nigel Farage: *The EU gangsters think Brexit can be stopped*Gangsters? Farage is projecting. He scapegoats, stirs up hatred, lies & if caught, doubles down & lies some more.But Brexit CAN be stopped. We are heading toward a cliff edge, or a bog. It's just sane to turn around. 
Britain signaled on Thursday that its attempt to seal terms for its post-#Brexit membership of the WTO by a fast-track procedure had failed, and it must now enter into lengthy negotiations.#Leavers we told you so.#WeHoldAllTheCards my arse. 
It is obvious that the 'People’s Vote' march last Saturday in London could not have been attended by 750,000 people, as its organisers claim:  #Brexit 
You still doing your PROJECT FEAR nonsense everyday. 17.4 million voted leave the EU we’re leaving OK. No ones listening to you. Change the record, your now worst MP in Parliament. Crying about Brexit, morning, noon, & night.      
Which age groups depend the most on having as many career options as possible?Which age groups voted to keep the automatic right to work in 31 countries across Europe.When we say Brexit is stealing our future, we mean it! 
More support for a #PeoplesVote as FT economic editor @ChrisGiles_ declares one is needed.The only logical way forward is a #FinalSay referendum with option to #remain so we can #ExitFromBrexit 
That Brexit COULD detrimentally effect the UK is a lie. The Political Correctness Of Brexit Discourse pro or con studiously avoids 2 phrases: THE WEIGHT OF EVIDENCE & IS LIKELY TO.In reality The Weight Of Evidence strongly suggests #Brexit Is Likely To Be DISASTROUSLY DAMAGING.  
I know Londoners are concerned about the impact of Brexit on our city. I’m in Brussels today urging EU decision-makers to start preparing to extend Article 50. #LondonIsOpen 
It's crunch time in the Brexit negotiations - and I'm back in Brussels to represent Londoners, speaking to @MichelBarnier and others about why a bad Brexit deal, or even worse a no deal, is not just bad for London & the UK but bad for Europe too. 
BREAKING: #Brexit live - Remainer Sadiq Khan to meet Barnier in Brussels TODAY to MEDDLE in Brexit.Is Khan trying his hand at something else, because he's an epic failure of a major. #SackTheTwat #Khanage 
From @ReutersOpinion: Britain's economy will become more European after Brexit, with higher levels of tax and spending  
There are many reasons why I think Labour's Brexit policy is bad, but it self-evidently is not a "betrayal" to carry through the terrible policy you put in your manifesto and people freely voted for.  
Me before the referendum "Everything will calm down affter we've voted"Me after "Everything will calm down in a couple of weeks"Me now "They're never going to stop moaning are they?" 
And if you want to know why @noelwhelan has referred to @hayward_katy as one of the most pertinent experts about #Brexit and the Irish Border, check out Katy's many articles and infamous slide decks on @QUBelfast's Policy Engagement blog -  #LoveQUB 
The IQR poll for Global Britain asked people for their preferences on leaving the EU. 43% want to leave with no deal, or leave to trade on WTO terms, 31% would like a Canada plus trade deal, 11% want to stay in the EEA, 10% want a second referendum & just 4% support Chequers. 
People who worked at polling stations on #1OCT #1O during #Catalonia's independence referendum now face 2 yrs 9 mo in prison. And someone still claims that there is no repression? Next #Spain will charge those who voted. I am ashamed of Europe. 
#clocksgoback tomorrow.Just one hour.That's nothing compared withBrexit - 1970sDonald Trump - 1950sUKIP - 1930sRees Mogg - 1870sDUP - 1690Boris Johnson -1646 (He IS Prince Rupert - defeated, banishment now)Theresa May - 1066Daily Mail - Stone AgeSun - Protozoic Age 
A lot of the time in Brexit discussion we ask (of certain proposals): "Will the ERG tolerate this?" My response now is simply: given their inability to come up with anything workable or useful, they've no right to this silly hold on policy discussion. 
Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab warns France could try a ‘go-slow’ punishment at Calais in case of No Deal Brexit 
Deserved praise of @hayward_katy by @noelwhelan following another sterling #Brexit performance this week in Westminster in the face of rank ignorance  
Remain side spent entire referendum campaign saying a vote to leave would be a vote to be poorer. Now saying "nobody voted to be poorer". In fact most leavers voted for non-pecuniary living standards hike based on more accountable democracy, stable communities and the nation.  
Argentina would use no-deal Brexit to 'enhance' Falklands claim, says foreign minister  
It’s clear the only Brexit possible is #BadBrexit, be that no deal or be that a fudge. So it’s not surprising to see tweets attacking #FBPE, as it’s the only pro #remain movement there is. There are no sunlit uplands, no jobs first Brexit. You either support #Brexit or you don’t 
The European Medicines Agency moves from the London to Amsterdam today, another #Brexit benefit, this is a serious loss of influence, why @BBCNews are you not reporting this? Day after day you allow tory lies on Brexit unchallenged, you know it will be a disaster, utter cunts. 
This is one of the stupidest Project Fear scare stories to date. After Brexit, with consumers freed from rip-off EU trade barriers, fruit and vegetables are likely to get cheaper.  
It's a sign of intelligence to change your mind if you make a mistake & to apologise if you're wrongI backed #Corbyn for the same reason other idiots backed #Trump & #Brexit,  I thought he would shake things upFor this I apologise & will never vote @UKLabour again#Remain 
Crashing out of the EU with no Brexit agreement is an alarming prospect for Britain's banks  
EU citizens! More bad news from Brexit Britain. There will be no fresh fruit, which we all know is rotting in the fields anyway. The UK will go back to Victorian times, with children suffering from scurvy and rickets. And to think you could have remained. 
"Coming to a free trade agreement with the EU should be one of the easiest in human history because our rules and laws are already the same" I guess he might have forgotten that one would then need to renegotiate with all remaining WTO members!  
This is silly clickbait, the referendum has nowt to do with Stephen Fry. It's way bigger than that. Another reductive think piece about Ireland, trying to create a narrative that we are having a sudden, shocking cultural revolution in the past 4 years.  
Remember that feeling of disbelief waking up to Brexit and Trump (I know I'm not the only one)Caith do vóta inniú.Make your vote count today.Don't take anything for granted.#Áras18 
The EU's negotiators are being told to prepare for a People's Vote, not for a no deal Brexit, following our huge march of 700,000 people at the weekend. 
Economists warn Brexit will lead to more Austerity.They say Hammond can afford to give the NHS £20bn per year as promised but if there is a bad Brexit the economy will suffer.What money for police, fire services, teaching, social care etc etc etc?  
SENSE: French Regional President @xavierbertrand insists No Deal Brexit won't mean disruption in Calais. “No! Closing the port or the tunnel of Calais to the British in case of Brexit without agreement is not envisaged!“Who can believe such a thing?“ 
The Tory party IS dying - as new voters are produced every day, raised in a European, liberal UK, and their stalwart voters inevitably succumb to old age - they KNOW they are dying. #Brexit is their swan song - their chance to take us all down with them, at OUR expense. 
The greatest threat to Scotland's future isn't Brexit, the Labour Party, or even the Tories.It's indifference!It's folk who won't get off their arses and do the one thing that will help us gain the ability to shape the future.Want that power? Then use your bloody vote! 
EU citizens in the UK & #BritishInEurope are still very much #InLimbo. 5million people are Brexit collateral but we will continue to fight. Let us hear and see your support. Write to your MP & MEPs. Join the lobby on November 5th, in Westminster or online.  
Carole MaloneTheresa May's "lily-livered capitulation to the EU has destroyed her credibility"Britain needs a robust leader who has the GUTS to fight for Brexit that would be good for YOU, not the arrogant contentious CLOWNS who run the EU.” 
This from a member of the worst government in living memory who were willing to bring this country to its knees in order to desperately cling on to power. Beholden to the DUP and with no plan for the outcome of a leave vote in Brexit.  
French Regional President @xavierbertrand dismisses idea of disruption in Calais if there’s No Deal Brexit: - “Who can believe such a thing?”- “Must do everything to ensure fluidity”Let’s see how much coverage this gets vs. Project Fear scare stories.  
They are getting more ridiculous, the Brexit threat to cheese and now Strictly...  
Okay, Brexit ‘could kill 5,600 a year’ thanks to lack of fruit and veg has really made me laugh quite hard this morning. It really has sent so many people in academia quite sodding mental.  
SPANISH PRIME MINISTER: Brexit is a “historic error” that will “diminish the influence and prosperity of the British people”  
I don't want to cause undue excitement/outrage but for the first time since I joined, there is NO politics story on Brexit in The Times today (a few in biz/Ireland)  
If you’re voting today to keep Michael D Higgins’ dogs in the Áras, there’s a surprise treat waiting for you.The Government has arranged a referendum on whether you want to annoy Ronan Mullen. As always, vote Yes. 
#Chequers says disputes btwn #EU & UK post-#Brexit must be passed to ECJ for settlement.ECJ jurisdiction thus continues, so May blatantly lied to both Rees-Mogg + Commons at Wed's #PMQs.If JRM now doesn't demand May summoned to HoC for misleading it, all his credibility gone. 
Totally agree. Labour are losing the Brexit argument (because Brexit is indefensible) and lashing out at the only opposition there is FBPE. It’s ridiculous to condemn an entire pan European hashtag. If people are trolling call them out, report. But don’t blame a whole hashtag 
Not necessarily #Brexit itself, but the impossible and destructive fantasy that has been sold to the people as if it were something virtuous is extremism popularised.It's not extreme to want to leave the EU, but it is to want to do it at any cost, in a manner that harms people. 
Politicians from four parties - the Lib Dems, SNP, Plaid Cymru and Greens - have told EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier to begin “serious contingency planning” for a vote on the Brexit deal, during a joint visit to Brussels yesterday  
Professor of food policy at @CityUniLondon @ProfTimLang explains that he marched last weekend because he is "very worried about food standards getting worse" after #BrexitNobody voted for worse food standards. We need a #PeoplesVote 
Please sign this petition to stop a possible 2nd Referendum.34,634 ppl have already signedSign and RT and show Remainers what support really means.  
Imagine saying the words “Boris Johnson has stood up for what he believes in”. It’s now openly acknowledged he’s a charlatan - meaning Andrea’s either showing herself to be lying for Brexit or completely political negligent.  
Japanese ambassador to UK @AmbKoji tells #bbcsp NE @BBCLN that companies from his country were attracted to North by good staff AND by membership of Euro single market. Says Brexit disruption to friction-free trade wld force them to "reconsider" @JAPANinUK 
.@Lord_Sugar - Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be jailed for the “lies” they told about Brexit.  There is a “good argument” for cancelling Brexit, declaring the result of the EU referendum void because people were misled. 
(a) Hannan isn’t a “leading Brexiter”, he isn’t a leading anything, he’s a minor MEP with no special access to UK government thinking, (b) Hannan has a consistent track record of lying about UK government policy on Brexit. 
Had enough of #BBCQT anti-Brexit bias?@andreajenkyns was set up last night. As usual she was outnumbered & cut off by Dimbleby, who allowed others to talk over her, then prevented her from doing the sameRT & complain here:  
I think this is the most sensible way forward now #Brexit (special hat tip to @GeorgeTrefgarne for pushing and pushing it) #NorwaythenCanada 
Brexit FURY: Petition to STOP People's Vote gains TENS OF THOUSANDS of supporters in days Petition has already gained 30,000 signatures in a very short time.Let’s all get voting and shut the #losersvote down. 
The elections next year are not simply a referendum on the performance of the current government. It is, more importantly, a referendum on our fundamental values.It's not simply about the politicians; it's really more about who we are. 
Government being advised to wind down British car industry by lead figure from Economists for brexit. Anyone shocked? @DavidLammy @TheCarExpertUK @lovecarindustry @MotorIndustryF @Scientists4EU @BestForBritain @mrjamesob @representus_uk 
Great, common sense on Brexit & on Merkel /EU's arrogance by the Leader of AfD in German Bundestag, @Alice_Weidel 
Lord Sugar is completely correct. Gove and Johnson instructed Leave to tell blatant lies about the EU and  EU immigrants. This changed the result of the referendum and heightened racist feelings across the country at the same time. They have a lot to answer for - in court 
Brexitnow  
Equal access to UK waters allows EU fishers to catch 60% of the fish in our waters. In the Channel its upto 90% A clean Brexit regains control of our waters & £6-8bn of resources for our communities to thrive.EU losing half their catch means they'll need UK seafood even more!  
Dominic Raab warns that we will leave the EU without a deal if Brussels takes a 'deliberately intransigent' approach to talks: Brexit News for 26th October  
@DmitryOpines is right -- the ratification of our new schedule isn't that big a deal, we can still trade without. What IS a big deal is this -- a $1.7trillion marketplace we're dropping out of, and will find difficult to get back in. Brexit be mental.   
I just joined the Liberal Democrats - join me here:  via @LibDemsI’ve been a labour voter all my life but neither my labour MP @NazShahBfd nor the Labour leader @jeremycorbyn speak out against this Brexit shambles. 
Millennials may lose up to £108,000 over 30 years after #Brexit. New report from @OFOCBrexit shows young people will be financial losers under all #Brexit outcomes. That's why young people are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
Sadiq Khan accused of ignoring London's problems as he jets off to Brussels to lobby EU over Brexit  
LibDem @vincecable in Brussels whipping up idea of second referendum to EU. Another example of Remoaner working to weaken UK’s negotiating hand instead of respecting Brexit result. Truly disgraceful.  
Please can we stay?  We’re sorry. We were wrong. 
The BBC, which I love, has sadly enabled Brexit by giving liars and fools equal time with the smart and informed. Even now @BBCr4today is at it. @peston is quite right to say the crisis we are heading for is akin to a “wartime” disaster. The UK media failed the country. 
Brexit was a 'historic error' says Spanish PM.  No, it was the British once again defending freedom in Europe, and once again, history will prove us right.  
Sadly it isn't "abysmal stupidity" Brexit is an existential push by the Far Right to change British politics forever. I know I bang on about this but look at how all protest and opposition is ignored. How the BBC has been turned. How emergency powers are being considered.  
Brexit news: Tory MSP MASTERFULLY DISMANTLES SNP's plans to stop UK leaving EU | UK | News |  
This excellent and concise thread explains how everything about the EU that the Brexit jihadis rage against was, er, built by Britain in the first place. #ICYMI 
Britain is about to go down in history as the only country ever to unilaterally impose sanctions on itself #Brexit @mrjamesob 
Oi you odious toad, most who voted Brexit, didn’t do it solely on economic reasons. There’s a much bigger picture than that. Also, why are you chatting shit about the 2 million young. Can I & my parents go back & vote in 1975  No didn’t think so. You’re a Parliament muppet.  
Yeah because talking to the UN high commissioner for human rights about WORKERS rights and HUMAN rights and discussing fascism is *Looney Labour* the only person/party to blame for Brexit is David Cameron/the tories. 
‘Reversing Brexit would lift the cloud of economic uncertainty over Britain immediately’Brexit is an immediate £30bn hit to the economy, and two years or more of stagnation.The people should get to choose.We need a #PeoplesVote 
In June 2016, Britain voted for CHANGE. A Remainers' Brexit where nothing changes - politicians who claim Brexit can't be done properly - none of that will wash with the country.  
When you underfund the #NHS, it loses capacity. This opens the door to the increasing privatisation of the service. It’s one of the many mechanisms of privatisation that this Government is using to undermine our public services. #Brexit will accelerate these processes  
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership...  
Govt's disastrous Brexit will only deepen inter-generational injustices.Young people already face tuition fees, soaring rents and insecure work. They didn't vote for an even more uncertain future.We need #PeoplesVote and investment in the young to heal our divided society. 
Liam Fox's plan to swiftly replicate the EU's terms with the World Trade Organization has failed.Now Britain must enter what are likely to be lengthy talks with other members on basic conditions of trade after Brexit: 
Really powerful video by @peoplesvote_uk. We still have time to #WriteThisWrong. #Brexit is an utter shambles, nothing the leave campaign promised has come true and the major players in the leave campaign have all done great a job distancing themselves and shown zero leadership.  
Brexiter and petrochemical magnate Sir Jim Ratcliffe  (Worth £21bn)  is preparing to leave Britain for tax-free Monaco  just months after he was knighted for services to business and  investment. Brexit - the gift that keeps taking. 
We now know Leave's promises were false and every form of Brexit will damage the economy. Two million more young people have become eligible to vote since 2016.  Shouldn't we check with them before costing each up to £108k over 30 years? #PeoplesVote 
This is remarkable.RBS is putting aside money because it thinks businesses will be less able to pay money back post-Brexit. It is expected that more banks will follow RBS’ lead. 
Britain has nothing to lose except the shackles that the EU imposes on it. After the courage shown by its citizens in the referendum, it would be a tragedy if political leaders go wobbly now. Brexit means Brexit 
At the risk of pointing out the bleeding obvious, we wouldn't be in this mess if EU citizens in UK had been given voting rights in the referendum.There's still time to right that wrong, by giving ALL the people a #FinalSay in a #PeoplesVote. 
If you are in any doubt, Corbyn and his Looney Labour "Comrades" are squarely to blame for brexit. As the entire country United at the #PeoplesVoteMarch, the Labour front bench found "other things to do". If they won't speak up for the working class I will. 
Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit  Great article from former Auz PM who says Britain is bizarrely not negotiating, but surrendering. 
.@guyverhofstadt "Enough mess has been created by Brexit ... We will never undermine the principles of our Union, the European Project, to rescue a political party in Britain who's not even capable of finding a common line on the exit from the mess of Brexit". 
Quick reminder that there are two ballot papers today. The referendum one asks if you want to remove the constitutional provision that requires that blasphemy be a crime. Vote Yes if you want to abolish this antiquated (and unenforced) law. Spread the word. #Aras18 
Britain is preparing for trade negotiations with almost two dozen nations after they objected to the terms it proposed for its World Trade Organisation membership after Brexit 
This People’s Vote focus on -lying- and not on the actual -crimes- committed by the Brexit camp is really starting to irritate me, ngl. 
Brexit is London's problem 
Young people to lose up to £108,000 in earnings if there is a no-deal Brexit  
On my way to Brussels to meet with @MichelBarnier and other senior EU figures, to ensure London’s needs are heard in the Brexit negotiations and spread the message that #LondonIsOpen 
It’s 7.30 and I’m already angry! We got to get this brexit nonsense stopped and rebuild our democracy and one nation politics. PR is the insurance policy the nation needs to marginalise the nutters. 
It is now too late for many courses of action. There is a possible one that has always made sense:• Withdraw A50 notification• Set up a Royal Commission to take evidence and define a Brexit that makes sense, including a draft WA, agreed by parl.• Have a #peoplesVote on that 
If no-deal #Brexit: flights grounded, City of London decimated, food & medicine shortages, martians to land! Maybe. But daily coverage reminds me of #Y2K bug hysteria, where change to the new millennium was expected to wreak global havoc, but in reality had little affect at all! 
An explosive private call by Boris Johnson proposing a local hospital’s privatisation has inflamed fears that the NHS would be up for sale after Brexit and a trade deal with Trump. @Kevin_Maguire's does of Westminster gossip. 
“The DUP is actively seeking to downplay the implications of Brexit for the Belfast Agreement, for North-South co-operation and for Northern Ireland generally... their arguments are being systematically demolished by experts like ⁦@hayward_katy⁩” 
Apprentice star says “lock them up” re  lying politicians...@Lord_Sugar says in Lords @BorisJohnson & @michaelgove “people responsible for putting this country thru 5-10 years of Post Brexit turmoil based on lies should be imprisoned or at least prosecuted” based on company law  
Don't forget:  tomorrow from 1-3pm, we have a street stall in Coventry city centre, at the top of Trinity Street between Primark and Wilko.We'll have our Brexitometer as usual, so come along & let us know how you feel about Brexit, & sign our petition for a #PeoplesVote. 
We have predicted this for many months.  There will be knock on effects of Brexit nobody is really taking into account.  Alongside the Irish problems, there will be issues in the Falklands, Cyprus and Gibraltar, not to mention Scotland. #StopBrexitSaveUK 
Interesting piece from @TimHarford on what the failures of mega projects  can tell you about the problems facing Brexit negotiations  
I've not always been right about everything. I've owned a Betamax recorder, have an Equitable Life pension and bought a Leeds United season ticket BUT I'm 100% right about Brexit. That's why I'll remain a Remainer.  
Alan Sugar says Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be imprisoned over Brexit 'lies'  
My conclusion: whether you think Brexit is going to end up like the Guggenheim Bilbao (vastly outperformed any reasonable expectation) or NHS National Programme for IT (abandoned after years of wasting money), it's worth looking at megaprojects for some insight. 
Lesson 1: Megaprojects go better when you prepare thoroughly. Alas, Brexit has - for understandable but purely political reasons - been rushed. Zero preparation before the referendum - as bad as it gets. 
So I thought it might be interesting to study the Brexit process as a "megaproject" - examples include high-speed rail, Olympic games, the Sydney Opera House. @BentFlyvbjerg shared a few insights with me on this: turns out it is VERY INTERESTING (and a bit worrying). 
I’m on my way to Brussels to meet with @MichelBarnier and other senior EU figures, to ensure London’s needs are heard in the Brexit negotiations and spread the message that #LondonIsOpen 
A report has found that a ‘no deal’ Brexit will cost young people up to £108,000 by 2050 – the equivalent of £3,000 a year.  
Reminder: #Brexit is a xenophobic UKIP project by tax dodging elites to destroy workers/environmental protections, to escape EU tax avoidance rules, also to sell off the NHS to US corporations and UKLabour should be ashamed of being part of . It makes us…  
The nearer we get to Brexit Day, the more desperate the metropolitan elite are becoming, writes Fawzi Ibrahim  
French PM Charles De Gaulle opposed ENGLAND'S membership of EEC’s around 1960. He knew ENGLAND would eventually try to control EU or try to destroy it from within. UK's attempts to join was ignored in 1961 & 1963He died 1970. UK joined 197360 years later #BrexitHe was right! 
Sam Hooper: People like Gina Miller and assembled celebrities agitating to subvert Brexit would never sully themselves by holding their big march in Sunderland (61-39) or Boston (75-25). Hell, they won’t even go so far as Birmingham (50.4-49.6). @SamHooper 
Brexit is a very complicated case. Lotta ins, lotta outs, a lotta what-have yous.  
BBC News - Vince Cable urges Barnier to prepare for new referendum  
Higher fruit and veg prices after Brexit could kill 5,600 people  via @MailOnlineThe Daily Mail says Brexit could be responsible for more cases of cancer, heart disease & stroke. 
SNP the grievance party. One minute they talk about triggering a "no deal" brexit then they say a "no deal" brexit would be disastrous for Scotland.  WTF is going on with that lot? They are expert at propaganda, lies and spin.  
"Can a referendum be treated as rebellion in a member state of the European Union? Can politicians be kept in jail or exile because they helped to organize a democratic event?"The presidents of #Catalonia 
Yes but HOW? That's the question. You want Brexit, how does it work??? All we hear is 'no' everytime any one makes a suggestion but there are no solutions coming from the Brexiteers themselves.  
I really wish the No side of the BC referendum on #ProRep would stop trying to scare people and focus on reasons for supporting the FPTP system. It is not as if they don't have some good arguments. 
Europe sucks #Brexit pic.twitter.com/DngAWkRSh4 
You'll be happy to know that the Decatur Daily, in AL's Morgan County, has called on voters to support the referendum to bar sheriffs from personally pocketing funds allocated for jail food.  
Difference between soft Brexit and no deal worth £30bn – analysis  
#ChequersPlan#quote "To change leader wd probably mean..there wd not be enough time for a new PM to negotiate a new deal..PREFERABLE to an inescapable, circle-of-hell Brexit created by a PM who had no intention of sticking around for the consequences" 
I signed ‘remain’ exactly because I’m a patriot. All trustworthy evidence says Brexit will do enormous harm to our country, which is why people like me are fighting so hard against it #loveBritainstopBrexit 
The EOS Referendum Tool is almost ready, be sure to have your voice heard on #EOS Mainnet Proposals! Thanks to the hard work of the EOS BP community for bringing this to the entire EOSphere. @EOS_Canada @EOSTribe @GenerEOSAus @EOS_Nation ..  
Not a single penny should they get! UKIP MEPs turn out in force to discuss.... Members entitlements after Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
‘Only a Brexiteer can deliver Brexit’ - Tory MP launches tirade against Theresa May  
Put myself through a rerun of #bbcqt because so many were complaining about it.Seems @andreajenkyns was the sole target for the ire of desperate Remoaners.When did the will of UK voters become "extreme"?This is why the establishment fails & why we'll have our #Brexit. 
I'm glad to see #Brexit is going so well.Not only have the remaining 27 EU countries capitulated and bent the knee, but all 164 WTO member states have unanimously agreed to let the UK rule the world for old times sake.I love it when decades of meticulous plans come together. 
Today - I’m speaking on Brexit in Aberdeen at 7pm - New King’s 14, Aberdeen University. All welcomeThen in Perth tomorrow (Sat) - 3pm A K Bell Library, 17 York Place PH2 8EP; & Edinburgh at 7pm - 50 George Square EH8 9JUGlasgow Sunday - 2pm Renfield Centre 260 Bath St, G2 4JP 
Been working in Zürich this week and 2 taxi drivers can’t wait for Brexit so that they can move to the U.K., one was Moroccan & the other was from Afghanistan. They have good English and both see an opportunity to bring up their families in Britain. #JustSaying 
Corbyn would like a third General Election in 4 years.But not a second referendum.Democracy -?Brexiters are afraid of a #PeoplesVote because they know the people of the UK have now looked at the facts & quite rightly do not want Brexit. 
Any #ProRep option on the #referendum ballot is better than #FPTP! #PR4BC #bcpoli #cdnpoli 
.@TonyAbbottMHR: “The EU’s palpable desire to punish Britain for leaving vindicates the Brexit project... Britain has nothing to lose except the shackles that the EU imposes on it.” #Brexit #auspol 
We have reached the point at which people have begun to switch off to Brexit. James is right, this is happening just as the true cost of a no-deal Brexit is coming into focus.  
Sounds sweet to me. “Alan Sugar says Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be imprisoned over Brexit 'lies' - The Independent  
If you aren’t sure about how to vote in this referendum, listen to @acoyne. He’s offering a remarkably convincing argument to #vote #PR4BCz #votePR #BCpoli 
Need some info on the provincial referendum?This video is a good, brief & unbiased explanation produced by Elections BC!Please take 2mins to check it out!#Kamloops #pr4bc #bcpoli- RT to spread the word -  
*Brexit Explained by a Dog*  
The way May is handling the anger over brexit is very worrying. It's almost as if she is playing one side against the other. Is she hoping for riots so she can bring the army in and get brexit killed by force? I think she will get her riots but I'm not sure the army will help. 
Not opposing the Brexit catastrophe has caused a dramatic decline in Corbyn's popularity among 18-24 year olds. From 65% in Summer 2017 to 35% today.  
Problems with Brexit?Not our fault.#LeaversAreLiars#PeoplesVote 
The #Midterms2018 are a referendum on many things, including the Federal Courts and #SCOTUS. District Courts stood illegally in the way of @POTUS policies these past two years. The #travelban was one.  Put a stop to this when you #VoteRed  #KAG #MAGA 
Government preparing for stockpiling of food and medicines in case of no-deal Brexit  
Sunderland, you are amazing!In every sense of the word.   Don't let them tell you that Brexit cannot be stopped folks, because it CAN!  
From many little actions, big change can happen. Walk with us. Australia, let’s build momentum toward a referendum enshrining a First Nations Voice to parliament. Put it to the people. #FirstNationsVoice #UluruStatement 
nooooooo!! next time then. enjoy america! REMIND EVERYBODY TO VOTE EVERY NIGHT PLEASE fer the love of all that’s holy. maybe we can work on the brexit thing for you.  
Even the #bbcqt audience incredulous at Andrea Jenkyns new low bar of stumbling idiocy Groans at the thought of Boris or Davis being PM, maybe the whole Tory Brexit #shitshow is finally coming to a bitter end pic.twitter.com/FHHDWRBxvh 
I am so sick of the lying, cheating and deception over brexit I would have no compunction whatsoever in welcoming a military takeover. Perhaps then we could resolve the problem with our security, our military numbers, the lack of discipline in society and much much more. 
Cherry Coke has been discontinued in the UK. I now want brexit. 
Good three-minute video from CBC quickly summarizing all three proposed PR models:  | #pr4bc #Referendum #bcpoli 
Brexit FURY: Petition to STOP People's Vote gains TENS OF THOUSANDS of supporters in days  
Lobby group for Metro #Vancouver's real estate developers warned its members today to vote no on #ProRep referendum. #bcpoli #VanRE #vanpoli 
Failure to support a second vote on Brexit is a dereliction of duty  
Lib Dems gain Tory county council seat in Hertfordshire on 10% swing. Yet more evidence that Lib Dems are providing strong opposition to this failing Tory govt that’s making a total hash of Brexit 
“Once the UK leaves the European Union, all EU treaties will cease to apply and member states will no longer be obliged to support the UK’s claim over the territory”.#Argentina ... where else?“Argentina would exploit the fallout from a no-deal Brexit”. 
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
In my mind it’s a referendum on the 2016 election. Are we truly headed to a nationalist future, or was 2016 a fluke?  I’m hoping for fluke. 
When a country does this to itself, when it turns people against each other, risks livelihoods and limits the opportunities for our young people, how long does it take to recover?Brexit will be at least a generation of hurt. Why would you do that to our kids?  
Well done @andreajenkyns on a brilliant performance on tonight's #bbcqt - thank you for always standing up for #Brexit!!  
If y’all let me down tomorrow like you did with the Presidential age referendum I’m going to become even more insufferable on this hellsite. Vote YES on the #BlasphemyRef 
'HISTORIC ERROR' Spain PM blasts Brexit and says Britain will be PUNISHED for mistake  
Even if temporarily, you need to ditch your party loyalty to Labour. I have. There'll be a post-Corbyn Labour to return to. For now, #Brexit is the overwhelming issue. You don't prescribe an Asprin when there's blood spurting out.  
Remainer who works for a fanatically Remain newspaper wants Theresa May to stay. This tells you everything you need to know about May’s “Brexit”.  
Lisa Nandy justified her position on Brexit by claiming 40% (36.1% to be precise) of her constituents voted Remain. Leave got a higher % of votes (69.3%) on a higher turnout in Wigan than Lisa did (62.2%) in 2017. #bbcqt 
BREXIT: "The issue for me is that you guys should all be working together on this". This audience member says remain and leave voters came from all political hues and that politicians should work together #bbcqt 
"Austerity is over" another Brexit lie. The underperforming economy & diminished tax revenues due to the Brexit catastrophe means austerity is here to stay. #BBCQT 
"You say you are patriots Andrea, but they have shown they are willing to burn this country to the ground to impose Brexit". #bbcqt #Brexit  
I'm afraid that Lisa's beligerence in answering (but not listening to) that Brexit question was so tin-eared, it  completely back-fired.  But revealed mess Labour has got intelf into in on issue. Tories have been dire. But obvious Labour has no intention of honouring vote #BBCQT 
“I despair. We should all work together to make #Brexit work” says #BBCQT audience member. But it’s not that simple is it. It’s a complex mess with various highly politically charged “solutions”. I despair of the general level of understanding of #Brexit 
Lisa Nandy summarised on Brexit.Labour respects the vote to Leave so long as we Remain.#bbcqt 
What’s the “it” to implement? What does this woman think Brexit means? 
I've just seen the love child of Michael Gove on #bbcqt, he's called Sebastian Payne, then you hear Andrea (let's go over the #Brexit cliff) Jenkyns promoting either Boris Johnson/David Davis as the next PM, what did we do so wrong to deserve these people? Please god rescue us. 
Brexit is a national catastrophe decided by criminality. #BBCQT 
BREXIT: "I despair, I really do - the people you are talking about are the most marginalised in society" This audience member says many people in Britain have pressing concerns other than Brexit - including the role out of Universal Credit #bbcqt 
Sorry @andreajenkyns, we can't use the Brexit bill as a negotiation tool. It's money we already committed to paying. You want to welch on our bills? good luck negotiating new trade deals!#BBCqt 
Great to see @andreajenkyns on #bbcqt. She is eviscerating the hardline #Brexit cause with her inept performance 
Politicians use the threat of Leaver anger to justify opposing a #PeoplesVote. They seem to believe that we Remainers will be a passively accepting doormat over which #Brexit can be driven. Are they right? Are we accepting or are we angry? A poll. 
My generation’s gift to our children- a new report shows lifetime earnings £108k lower if a hard no deal Brexit. The over 50s should be shamed. We didn’t fight hard enough for the EU.  
BREXIT:  "I despair with the lot of you" - this audience member says the decision on Brexit has been made and she wants to see politicians implement it #bbcqt 
At some point Remain supporters will grasp that Brexit voters want to leave the European Union.It's taken two years so far but I still hope that these metropolitan elite hardline Remainers will understand: the UK voted to Leave and we must Leave. It really is that simple. #bbcqt 
BREXIT: @paulmasonnews says the version of Brexit that the likes of Andrea Jenkins, Boris Johnson and David Davis want would be a catastrophe for our country #bbcqt 
Alan Sugar calls for politicians such as Boris Johnson & Michael Gove to be imprisoned for the Brexit lies told: “such as the £350 million lie they put on the red bus” #NHS #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
The Scottish Government has published a clear plan that would keep Scotland and the UK in the Single Market and Customs Union, avoiding an extreme Brexit and protecting jobs. #bbcqt Read more here. 
A member of the audience just suggested we have a non-binding poll on what people think of Brexit....Does someone want to tell her?#BBCqt 
This is grim. Every possible Brexit will cost those who are young now across their working lives. People love to say millennials are entitled. Well, they’re certainly entitled to way better than this.  
Not sure how Lisa Nandy thinks sticking up for the 40% in her constituency who voted Remain and the alleged 700,000 marching in London is more important than 17.4 million people who voted to Leave. Labour have no Brexit plan other than to remain in the EU.#BBCQT 
While @AndreaJenkyns is busy in London cheerleading a @BorisJohnson style Brexit, we’re building diverse and powerful community campaigns in Morley & Outwood to make positive change NOW. We won’t wait for an election. #ByTheMany#bbcqt 
People arguing that there should be a 2nd EU ref because people went to London to march. No political party gained a mandate for that at the election.Meanwhile in Scotland we actually went to the electorate and got a mandate to hold a referendum on Scottish independence. #bbcqt 
BREXIT :.@AndreaJenkyns says no party is offering leadership to the 17.4 million people who voted to leave.    "It must be a Brexiteer - that's either David Davis or Boris Johnson" #bbcqt 
.@AndreaJenkyns says no-one in any party is offering true leadership to those who voted for Brexit #bbcqt 
I don't get it. The options are May's deal or no deal leading to either an election or another referendum. What other alternatives do you see that nobody else sees? 
Gentleman in audience mentions PESCO & CARD which as everyone who follows @VeteransBritain knows. U.K. has sold out its defence policy on the sly to EU control. This has been swept under carpet mostly & was met by silence on #bbcqt hardly anyone knows still I suspect! #Brexit 
I’m aware of the referendum, thanks. And I think a lot about the causes of that vote. My points are straightforward: (1) Brexit will exacerbate not solve those causes (2) what’s happening isn’t what was sold in 2016. 
.@Andrew_Adonis speaking in #Penzance,,Thursday 1 November.FREE EVENT - ALL WELCOME!#Brexit #PeoplesVote #Cornwall 
So far, #bbcqt is plumbing new depths of awfulness. Panel stacked (as usual) with remainers and only a token Brexit supporter.  Loony leftie Paul Mason trotting out usual commie drivel. Why bother? 
Thank you @Andrew_Adonis for visiting @UWEBristol today to chat about Brexit and the effects it will have on society.It’s really reaffirmed my belief in a @peoplesvote_uk.  Hoping for the best possible outcome in this situation! Excited to read the book. 
Wartime preparations being made by the British government for a peacetime Brexit. "It's absolutely damning for Theresa May and her government" @drewhendrySNP told me today. 
The #Brexit robbery is a crime too far. We have to ensure we win this fight for our children’s future. It’s all that matters right now. And we are at the crunch point. 
Hutton is a commentator who could be adding weight to Labour’s push towards a coordinated market economy, something he’s backed for two decades and which is now frontbench policy. Sadly, he’s been made delirious by brexit instead..   
Good to see @nealerichmond today in @ScotParl and to discuss the ongoing chaos of #Brexit which is a source of huge difficulty for both our nations.  Ireland however has the steadfast support of the other #EU26 and the normal powers of independence 
She also voted against measures to reduce tax avoidance, which gives you a rough idea of what her kind of Brexit would look like. #BBCQT 2/2 
If you want to know how the English NHS will be in around 5 years post Brexit and Scottish NHS in 10 if we remain in the union you really should watch the TV Series The Resident it showcases how US medicicare is all about the bottom line and little to do with healthcare. 
Lord Sugar said today that a 2nd referendum would be wrong but an annulment of the original vote should happen because it was propagated on lies told by people that knew they were lies at the time. That works too! 
Last night at the 1922 Committee Tory MP's surrendered to May. They can oust Thatcher but not May! Tories have betrayed Brexit & 17.4m Brits.MPs have no principles, MP's complain about May’s Brexit,criticised her plan & none have enough spine to defend democracy. 
Former Chancellor TRASHES calls for second Brexit vote with PASSIONATE speech against EU  
Height of hypocrisy here: "Settlements no one voted for, that aren't in our country's best interests being forced through without informed consent.:That's what happened with every European treaty from when we joined but none of these remoaners said a word about that!#Brexit  
People’s Vote aftermath: my 4 year old daughter still keeps singing “We are marching for a People’s Vote, we are marching for a People’s Vote”, “Where’s Jeremy Corbyn?” & “I say Brexit, you say Exit!” - beware Theresa May! @LibDems @peoplesvote_uk 
I feel like skiing against #brexit@EUflagmafia #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Stopbrexit @RobertCPalmer13 #brexiters @JasonJHunter @abcpoppins @A50Challenge 
‘We didn’t starve.’ No, but my father’s family - my grandparents and my aunt who was 19 - were all killed in that conflict by a direct hit from a V1 and anyone who tells me I should square up to a self-inflicted #Brexit like my father squared up to Hitler has my utter contempt. 
Every day another news report tells us of another Brexit issue we knew nothing about during the Referendum. Brexit looks completely different to what was promised by both Leave Campaigns who lied, cheated & broke the law. #WhatTheNationReallyThinks we should have a #PeoplesVote 
'No one voted to be poorer' argument makes no sense (and Brexit wont). Like me saying: No one voted for EU to control our laws, no one voted for open borders, no one voted for a foreign entity making our trade deals, no one voted for our fishermen to lose their fishing rights..  
They are standing up for Brexit. But as you say, there are 50 of them, not 158. Nonetheless 50 is plenty enough to block legislation and No.10 know that. Sometimes you have to hold fire until you see the whites of their eyes. 
Question: how many young people have got £100000 to spare...?  It's not worth paying a penny for #Brexit... The #EU on the other hand is well worth it's membership fee...  
Vince Cable urges Barnier to prepare for new referendum  
Our report on the front page of the Indy tomorrow!! Young will bear the brunt of Brexit - but nobody voted for their children to be poorer! SIGN:  
When our children’s children are studying Brexit Britain, these @Coldwar_Steve masterpieces will be all they need to know... 
"The nation is desperately anxious about the consequences of #Brexit. The fact that neither our prime minister, nor the leader of the opposition, is prepared to act on this truth defies the spirit of democracy." - @mk1969#PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
British voters' preferred outcome for #Brexit, per IQR poll:SuperCanada: 26 %WTO/No deal: 41 %EEA/EFTA: 11 %And.... Chequers: 6 %Will the Tory leadership wake up and smell the coffee?  
We’re about 6-8 weeks away from the last point a Withdrawal Agreement can be agreed, and UKGov is still negotiating with itself. This lunacy has to stop.“Theresa May’s Cabinet is not close enough to agreeing a way forward for top level Brexit negotiations to resume.”  
Incredible and outrageous! Spanish prosecutor demands prison sentence of 2 years and 9 months for the members of the Electoral Commission for the 1-O Catalan independence referendum  
In 1982  was able to leverage its  membership to strike back at , including through economic sanctions. Post-Brexit, in a non-military scenario, with a progressive  tied by treaty to , how much support could  realistically count on from  countries?  
We didn’t starve in the war. This is really selling Brexit to me. What trash!  
Friday’s INDEPENDENT Digital: “No-deal Brexit would cost the young £100,000 each” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The US letter bombs are opening shots in a new US civil war - dark forces of violent nativism against Enlightenment values/decency. Next if less violent step in UK?A coalition of Brexiters from John Humphrys to Corbyn,colluders with the Brexit right, fighting the best of Britain 
Brexit news latest: Vince Cable tells Michel Barnier to prepare for People's Vote - Evening Standard  
Every shred of respectable evidence says leaving the EU will hurt working class people the most.If it's Labour MP's who bring about a Tory Brexit, one question will haunt our movement forever.Who are we? 
UK suffers Brexit trade setback over copy-and-paste WTO terms  
It is the will of the people: The Story of Brexit is here. 
Outstanding. This works on so many levels, there's jokes within jokes but a serious point based on irony. It's Hogarthian. Brexit has brought Hogarth's prints to relevance in the 21st century a movement based on false nostalgia, delusion & dystopia promoted by charlatans  
 'This study is the key to understanding the opaque workings of justice and the incapability of dialogue shown by the political powers in Madrid in recent years in response to challenges such as the referendum in #Catalonia'Ask for it at you library! 
Best Brexit-Joke ever. Hopefully.  
OMG, how the hell did we survive before we joined the EU?Fears of unsafe foods being imported after Brexit raised  
We don’t need a phoney #PeoplesVote. We need to push for what people actually voted for – #Brexit, rather than a bodged-up, half-cocked Remain by another name, says Mick Hume 
Latest LAB voters split in YouGov's Brexit tracker.  
Willingly or not, Brextremists are all working for Putin. Brexit is Putin's favourite idea. Trump loves it too. They both hate the EU because a group of sovereign states in close cooperation is too big to push around, Putin + Trump both want to take advantage of us once we leave.  
Mrs May having appointed Mark Sedwill as Cabinet Secretary without a competition, a future prime minister is at liberty to replace him immediately. Since he is indelibly tainted by Brexit, the civil service is likely to need fresh leadership soon 
If you're a Labour MP waving through Theresa May's Brexit deal:- Did you vote for Article 50 without any assurances against a no-deal?- Are you arguing to vote for May's deal because the alternative is no-deal?If the answer is "yes" and "yes" you have no moral credibility. 
78% think May will FAIL on #Brexit: @jackbuckby —  | #politics #UK 
May,  Whips, her Cabinet, 1922 Committee colluding to wreck Brexit and Britain, forget about her getting a "good deal for Britain"!  She's not  capable, even if she wanted to, which she doesn't.  @BorisJohnson & @Jacob_Rees_Mogg could have negotiated brilliant deal. NOT ALLOWED. 
Enough with the pathetic sloganeering. Brexit is an abomination no Labour government should ever countenance and you damn well know it. Jobs-destroying, family-splintering, community-smashing, fascist-appeasing vileness. It has no place in Labour and never did.  
Millennials may lose up to £108k over 30 years with no-deal Brexit | Politics | The GuardianNinety percent of our young people want the UK to stay in the EU. The EU and our young are our future. Think about it. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Video! Indigenous people of Biafra #POB Akwa Ibom province back on Biafra Referendum Awareness in Community's in Ibom province.  Video: 25/10/2018#IPOB #BiafraReferendum #SupportBiafraReferendum #NnamdiKanu #Israeli #jewish #Biafra 
The UK used to be able to strike bilateral air services deals. Without a treaty, without debate in parliament, without public debate, the ECJ decided it was an exclusive EU competence.  The EU is a silent thief of power, not a democracy.#Brexit 
Will no-one could have foreseen this!!Argentina will exploit a no-deal Brexit to 'enhance' its claims to Falklands, says its foreign minister  via @telegraphnews 
If you're a Labour MP thinking about voting for a Tory Brexit, please ask yourself:- Why did you become a Labour MP?- What are the values you hold dear?- What are your aims and ambitions for our country?- Does Tory Brexit deliver those aims and values? 
Stand up for Brexit? Like the 50 MPs who claimed to stand up for Brexit on here? Sold everyone of the17.4 million down the river! I am now more angry with them than I am with any remainers. The Tories will be our of office for a generation. Disgraceful the whole lot 
Essay question. The Labour Party cannot possibly win the next general election unless they come out as the anti-Brexit party. Discuss. 
Catalan academics like @taniaverge (@UPFBarcelona) are being prosecuted under the accusation of belonging to the Electoral Comission that one year ago was supposed to supervise the Catalan Referendum. Charges might imply prison. It's clearly an abuse of the Spanish rule of law.  
Who put the EXIT in Brexit? Who put the EU in Europe? Who put the MOAN in Remoaner? Who put the ID in Stupidity? Asking for a friend... 
I cannot believe the organisers of the Le Tour are letting those Bureaucrats from Brussels organise the Grand Departure next year!! Is this because England voted for Brexit and they just don’t like Team Sky Procycling Team? 
wrote a short piece about the effects of Brexit on those of us with pre-existing mental health issues. i dunno, hopefully some people will find it helpful; it's hard-going for those fighting both at once  #MentalHealthMatters #CPTSD 
The people pushing for a Second Referendum didn't accept the result from day one!From the off the accusations of lies were dragged up, accusations of Russian involvement and overspending thrown about.In 1975 losing side accepted result with good grace.In 2016 losers did not. 
Young people voted overwhelming against Brexit in 2016, yet latest research by @OFOCBrexit demonstrates that they will be hit the hardest. Now that the impliacations of Brexit are clearer we must have a #PeoplesVote to ensure young people have a say.  
We need your help. #brexit puts #citizensrights in peril for #Europeans living working in #UK and  in #EU. Words not good enough. Rights need #ringfencing. Please act now. Link describes how to help us. WE DEMAND OUR RIGHTS.  Please RT 
We are very grateful to @CarolineFlintMP, who though she campaigned for Remain, now- as a democrat- is standing up for Brexit, and is also standing up to the abusive culture of the ongoing Remain campaign. We need more such leadership from politicians and others who voted Remain!  
“The responsibility of the HoC to #StandUp4Brexit is so much greater. I appeal to colleagues to reflect on the punishment the people would rightfully inflict on those who promised to honour the result of the referendum, only to betray their trust & do the opposite” Lord Shinkwin  
"Next week’s Budget, and the prospect of more confusion and chaos in Government over Brexit, confirm for us the pressing need for change, a general election and a new government.Labour stands ready to form that government.."John McDonnell.#Budget2018 
A recent passenger said, “If I wanted to be abused racially I’d walk down the street in a provincial English town that voted heavily for #Brexit.” 
No Brexit deal is good for our generation. 
Rare picture of Theresa May after snatching a pound coin from the cold hands of someone with mental health conditions on Universal Credit. #tories #toriesout #SaveOurNHS #nhs #NHS #VoteLabour #brexit #theresamaydancing #DWPCrimes #UniversalCredit 
Leave promised “sovereignty” and “take back control”.There are 127 WTO nations. Brexit hands control of the UK to them. Leave are incompetent. #LeaveMeansFail #LeaveFail #PeoplesVote 
The push to ignore the result of the referendum continues with more forecasts of doom.  If only we'd had the forecasts before we voted ...... oh wait, we did. 
Bank of England tells banks to build Brexit cash cushions by March - Reuters  
Anti-Brexit panel bias now legendary, #BBCQT. More than half of voters in our country in the largest vote in UK history voted to Leave the European Union. And how many on your panel of five tonight voted Leave... one? 
John McDonnell on C4 News. Categorical."I voted Remain last time and I would again".People on my timeline every day. Insistent."Labour wants hard Brexit".(Waits for the usual replies)  
P1 assessmentsJenny MarraMonklands hospitalGlasgow Council equal payBrexit/FishingBBC Scotland isn't reporting news, it's facilitating political stunts, diversions, scams and sabotage. The broadcaster would be a laughing stock if it wasn't so serious. 
Another low. Pound now below 1.30 to the Dollar.Bloomberg has just reported that Brexit talks are on hold as May's team can't agree. The market reacts by selling the Pound. 
"A second referendum would create a huge amount of uncertainty" Are you f**king kidding me! What the hell have we got now then? 
Brexit has, rather astonishingly, allowed Leo fuckin’ Varadkar to position himself as the heir to Daniel O’Connell, Charles Parnell, Dev, Collins, and all the other boys. Daft in many ways but also kinda happening. Heckuva job, guys. 
I have a solution: cease negotiations and go to #Parliament to ask for a vote to #RescindTheNotice -#Article50.Then ask #Parliament for a vote for a #GeneralElection.#LetThePeopleDecide. Again. Have courage and take the hit.  For the sake of the nation.#BrexitShambles#Brexit  
Brexit will cost young people 3x tuition fees !! And double a deposit on a house ... before 2050! SIGN THIS PETITION TO TELL POLITICIANS TO BACK A PEOPLE’S VOTE FOR THE YOUNG:  
. @StevenFrance4: They say Brexit is 95% done. Well... Chimpanzees share 95% of their DNA with humans. #Sunderland 
#tbt to my birthday on vernazza beach the other week  i always end up running off to italy at the last minute; would that even be possible after Brexit? or would i have to apply for a visa in advance? Brexit kills spontaneity and freedom; who voted for that??   
The EU will survive the ravages of Brexit and see down the threats from rising nationalism and populism as it continues to deliver prosperity, security and peace and hope for a better future for 450 million people.  
Brexit. (Par @chappatte) 
Our "damning" report shows that our generation will have to live with the economic impact of Brexit for decadesThis is why we need a #PeoplesVote 
Tory MP Andrea Jenkyns said that Britain should go down fighting for Brexit... What good captain allows the vessel to sink when there are reasonable options to save the ship and all onboard? The rhetoric from the Brexiters is becoming both extreme and extremely gung-ho! #bbcqt 
Looks like mrs May has turned the corner on brexit - I for one admit I thought it was beyond her - now I think she might get a deal and be hailed a saviour if she does she should call an election get a huge majority and shut down the worthless holyrood chamber . How the snp 
“We are a generation who don’t want to live with Brexit, yet it will cost us three times more than tuition fees, or double the average deposit needed for a house in lost wages” - @Femi_SorryIf only we didn't spend so much on avocados... 
Brexit talks are at a standstill after Theresa May's top team can't agree to a way forward for negotiations to resume, sources say  
Who pays for your salary Chloe? Why the secrecy? Why is the TPA hiding the identity of those who are funding it? I think most people would say that think-tanks influencing our politics should be made to reveal the sources of all their funding. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Check out "Generation Activism" on @BBC iplayer  I've been filming my #StopBrexit campaign over the summer for this documentary - #EUsupergirl vs. #Brexit boy (for reasons of impartiality)  hopefully it will inspire young people to join the fight!  
John Major on #OFOC's study of the economic impact of Brexit on young people: “Since June 2016 there are nearly 2 million more young people eligible to vote. It is only right they have a say in their nation’s future." 
You only investigate anti Brexit stuff , who’s funding you @carolecadwalla. George Soros is pumping billions into politics in Europe but that doesn’t seem to interest you. The Guardian lives on donations now we need clarity because our democracy is at risk ! 
Roger Daltreys views in the Sunday Times on the EU Brexit Europe the Euro and Corbyn & co. He’s a canny lad.  
So now #StandUp4Brexit is “a faction” of the Conservative party & @andreajenkyns is an “Ultra Brexiteer”Sounds quite fun to be honestVisit  to join the “Ultra Brexit Faction”... Alternatively known as loyalists to the manifesto 
And of course @carolecadwalla is just being a hysterical woman for going on about threats to the democratic process. No reason to be worried that even Facebook doesn't know who is paying for Brexit ads.. None whatsoever 
Airline industry's trade group warns of a "nightmare" if there's no Brexit deal  
I've now stopped hoping for a good brexit outcome and have instead focused on learning archery and martial arts in preperation for the first annual hunger games 
We lose money in every Brexit scenario - and a LOT of it. 
Exclusive: Writing for The House, @Andrew_Adonis says Lord Terry Burns should quit as chair of Ofcom due to bias over Brexit  
From "the easiest trade deal in human history" to "we can't even trade under WTO rules."#Brexit UK is screwed. 
Uh oh @arron_banks. More "lone" "crazy" voices citing "facts" & "evidence". Ian Lucas on Facebook's Brexit nightmare"There is evidence of funders of political campaigns engaging with hostile powers, as Arron Banks did with the Russian Embassy in the run-up to the EU Referendum"  
Glad to hear that the Met Police are investigating Vote Leave & Be Leave re the UK EU referendum. We need answers to a lot of questions which may provide the evidence we need to demonstrate that our democracy was undermined  
#Tonight  Seems Gove is planning to drop the need for Vets in Abbatoirs post Brexit, that can be the only conclusion  from the #DEFRA statement.=Lower food standards 
My sense is that the most awful potential details of ‘no deal’ are becoming clear just as more & more people of every view reach Brexit saturation point. Not good. 
.@JackWDart: According to Jacob Rees-Mogg, I'll be 74 before we see a benefit from Brexit. Nigel Farage will be 107!!!#Sunderland 
Great news for #AMR - hope #UK will comply irrespective of #Brexit outcome.⁦@martinmckee⁩ ⁦@EdWhiting1⁩ ⁦@IlonaKickbusch⁩ ⁦@KristofDecoste1⁩ ⁦@WHO_Europe⁩ ⁦@sudhvir⁩ ⁦@MartenRobert⁩ 
I just joined the Liberal Democrats  @LibDemsPlease RT New to politics? Get involved!Already loyal to another party? Vote with your feet and show them how you feel about Brexit! A big uplift in LibDem Membership is a clear way to get our message heard! 
1. Unfortunately, @NickBoles is still prattling on about a "Norway then Canada" #Brexit. He has no idea how the system works. The transfer to EEA is not a simple copy and paste job. There's the Efta accession for starters then EEA will require configuration. (Thread)... 
There is no such thing as a 'no deal' Brexit. Should there be no agreement on a future relationship with the EU, the UK will revert to world-recognised WTO rules. The UK has been an individual member of the World Trade Organization since 1995 and a GATT member before that (1948). 
Millennials may lose up to £108k over 30 years with no-deal Brexit  
Stop talking up no-deal Brexit and prepare for a people's vote, Cable tells Barnier  
Rob Holding is surely amongst the top 5 young centre back talents in the world. Brexit Maldini. 
Had lunch with some government economists from Hong Kong today. Seemed pretty confident the UK would be a global leader in free trade post-Brexit. Said UK shd follow HK lead in unilateral tariff abolition too! 
Would be delighted to welcome @DominicRaab to Ireland at any stage. A visit here, to the border and to Northern Ireland is key in the #Brexit context  
The UK set to join the US post-Brexit as vassal state rule-taker on data. Trump may protest that EU data regulation is imposing red tape on US business - but Apple and Facebook can’t do anything else, now pressing US to legislate similarly. Brexiters live in 19th century. 
#PropB creates a dysfunctional city.The Union has yet to come up with numbers of what their referendum would cost. @GHPartnership, C-Club, and others have asked but no answer.The Comptroller has confirmed along with our city’s finance team that Prop B will cost $100 million+. 
.@neil_mccormick: Bono has every right to bash Brexit onstage – rock is meant to provoke debate  
It’s their future and Brexit will only make inter-generational inequity worse than it already is. Please sign this @OFOCBrexit petition. Young people deserve better! 
Lord Sugar: "Johnson and Gove should be in prison for Brexit referendum lies."#LeaversAreLiars#PeoplesVote 
Jeremy Wright yesterday parroting nonsense bookie rhetoric about “job losses” to justify delaying stake reduction on FOBTs, as if these machines create rather than detroy jobs in communities. Coming from the same govt that would oversee a no-deal Brexit and resulting job losses! 
Grandstanding to the Shinners? Can we offer an introductory course to Irish politics? It’s clearly needed @mrharrycole #brexit  
If you take away the votes of racists, fascists and bigots, Leave would have lost by a clear margin. #Brexit is giving power over the greatest UK decision since 1945 to those who any healthy democracy would firmly and rightfully marginalise. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Let's have own vote of confidence in @theresa_mayPlease retweet after voting for greater sample.#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives #PoliticsLive#BrexitBetrayal #bbcqt 
Brexit is a 'historic error' that will make British people poorer, Spanish prime minister says. (Shame @Theresa_May doesn't have the brains to see it or stop it.) 
I can't recommend this essay by @niallodoc @nuigalway on @BelfastAgmt and #Brexit highly enough.Forward-looking, measured, & insightful. Exactly what we need right now.  
Of course Hard Remainers like Tony Blair and Alastair Campbell and Anna Soubry want to keep us in the EU - their every interest relies upon it.Brexit is a political and cultural revolution; 25 years of Blairite consensus has been upturned.They won’t be missed, and they know it. 
I am more than happy to pledge that I will never again vote Conservative (have done so since 1964) if Theresa May is allowed to continue with her disastrous negotiation of Brexit. We need someone sensible and who believes in Brexit at the helm. 
Dominic Raab has been Brexit secretary for over 3 months.But he won't listen to young people! Not only has he blocked us on Twitter, he now ignores MP Lilian Greenwood's request to meet us!Young people can't afford any Brexit deal - sign our petition: 
#PeoplesVote House of Lords debate - Lord Kerslake "Those relaxed about a no deal Brexit are those with means. We should be concerned about the people". 
Brexit lies should see Boris Johnson and Michael Gove jailed says Alan Sugar. Should the pair get: 
My Festival of #Brexit Britain poster test print/proof just came back from the printer. Should be available soon. Details to follow. #brexitfestival 
new on @TheAppeal Political Report: my previews of elections for Dallas & San Antonio DAs, sheriff of Hillsborough County (FL), & Nashville's policing referendumif you're interested in criminal justice reform—or local elections—you'll want to read these!  
The #Brexit non-disclosure agreements are just one of the ways in which the government has subverted democracy in its fanatical attempt to force #Brexit through. Democracy demands a #PeoplesVote. 
No one actually 'likes' Brexit do they? 
#AftertheMarch I knew I wasn’t alone in my passion to #remain. Millions shared my belief #Brexit is not the answer. Yet as the week’s gone on, I realised many people hadn’t a clue about the march. We have to work harder to break out of our bubbles. To talk and debate locally 
As a new report is released which shows teens could be more than £100,000 worse off over the next 50 years thanks to Brexit, Sir John Major has said Brexiteers are "deaf, dumb and blind" of the consequences.  
Vote NO on the Blasphemy Referendum! Jesus Christ Kathleen!!! #blasphemyref #PresidentialElection #ElectionDay 
BREAKING: our new report on how young people will be affected by BrexitSpoiler, its grim reading: no-deal situation would leave young people £108,000 worse off by 2050So we've launched a petition: Check out the full report:  
Show me a single election or referendum when the voting public weren’t fed a pack of lies. 
EXCITING NEWS: Our #IsAnyoneListening podcast is launching next week, bringing together speakers with a lived experience of poverty to share their views on #Brexit and what their lives will look like after we leave the EU. Look out for more info next week. #PovertyAfterBrexit 
Last week I went the the big London demo, it was uplifting as these things are. Now we need to harness that support and energy and do more.Write to your MPEmailVisitSupport whatever action you can.Brexit is not a done deal.#AfterTheMarch 
Amen to that !!!Lord Sugar: Johnson and Gove should be in prison for Brexit referendum lies#LeaversAreLiars#PeoplesVote 
Horrific attack on 60 year old Peter - set upon by 7 youths who punched him repeatedly because he was wearing an anti Brexit T shirt. Speedy recovery @AcademyOfRock after what must have been a deeply upsetting assault. 
Trash. Policing. Transport. The Mayor of London's remit does not extend to Brexit, Foreign Affairs or Immigration. Perhaps he should focus on cutting crime, not boosting his image. 
I didn't know you could do this. Apparently you can contact Elections BC to make sure your ballot has been received in the mail-in referendum. Good to know.  
Post BREXIT cooperation is important for #Zimbabwe. There are countless economic opportunities for us to pursue. That is why today I joined Trade Ministers and officials for a meeting with the UK Minister of Trade. #Zimbabwe is looking everywhere. 
The reason that the #EU is driving a hard bargain is simply this: they fear that #Brexit will set a good example and the whole 'project' will collapse 
#Brexit: 'We could lose over 80,000 jobs in Scotland' Blackford SNP. 'There is no good option, but the least worst option is staying in the Single Market and Customs Union' @IanBlackfordMP 
I have hope that the brexit madness will be stopped - was just chatting to a firm leaver at the eurotunnel ( same job as me ).. guess what - he’s changing his mind . Who said the mindset of leavers can’t be changed - brexit is no longer wanted - it’s coming to an end ! 
“Mr Toyoda is wrong. When the UK leaves the EU with a Clean Brexit, trade barriers currently facing non-EU countries will be eliminated or substantially reduced via FTAs or the UK taking unilateral actions” Edgar Miller @Econs4FreeTrade#StandUp4Brexit 
OK Twitterstorm let's GO!!#AfterTheMarchPromoting this petition"If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped"No Deal should NOT be an option!Leaving the EU without a deal will be CATASTROPHIC for the UKAgree?  SIGN this  
People’s vote on Brexit is live option, Cable tells BarnierFascinating meeting but on Chatham House rules. So I can only tell you that I shared constituent concern about the erosion of democratic standards and @TheGreenParty support for #PeoplesVote 
There are No Tory rebels fracking Brexit austerity nurses at foodbanks Windrush they do it together they all vote sell arms to Saudi they all support 0hr contracts how can we make you work faster how we make you work harder how can we pay you less #bbcqt 
French offer to multinational companies thinking of relocating from UK after Brexit*Corporate tax rate UP by 14.3%*Employer social security rate UP by 31.2%*World Bank Ease of doing business ranking: UK 7th, France 31st*Prospects of escaping EU red tape: 0%bon chance! 
They should put Brendan Rodgers in charge of Brexit. His record at masterminding a European exit is exemplary. 
After meeting @MichelBarnier in Brussels, @vincecable explains how he tried to persuade the EU negotiator that the UK wants another EU referendum.  
'Reflections on the Good Friday Agreement & Brexit' A short essay I wrote for the Irish Humanities Alliance blog @IrishHumanities. Thanks to @DrMelFarrell  
Harry, where do I start?1918 referendum was a resounding YES vote for all Ireland independence.Britain ignored us.The border on the island of Ireland is YOUR border.We suffered it.People in NI voted to stay in the EU, but you still insist on deal unacceptable to them.Enough said? 
Many MPs believe that an "EEA/EFTA option" is a possible solution to the Brexit dilemma, but this is wishful thinking.Aside from being unviable, it begets the question "Why bother"?The decision to Leave was based on the mandate to "Take Back Control" - this is the opposite.  
Desperate Remoaner Vince Cable begs Barnier to support a second Loser's vote@DCBMEP is spot on"I think this is a fool's errand."I detect no enthusiasm from the EU side for a second referendum" 
Scottish Government preparing for a no-deal Brexit  
#AfterTheMarch write to your MPs with a pen and paper, tell them what Brexit means for you! don't just give them facts; tell them how you FEEL about what's happening, and cover the envelope with #PeoplesVote stickers!!  
There is nothing about #brexit that is worth all the damage. Correct me if I’m wrong. 
Fear not. Since World War 2 we have been stockpiling mince in a giant frozen silo beneath Stonehenge. In the event of a no deal Brexit and a subsequent mince price hike, all Network members will be entitled to a generous weekly mince ration.  
Hold on to your hats! The 78th episode of Chopper's Brexit Podcast is out tomorrow morning. Guests this week: leading Brexiteer Tory MP Steve Baker (@SteveBakerHW), Labour MP Chris Williamson, Prof Matthew Goodwin (@GoodwinMJ) and @Telegraph's @CamillaTominey. @brexitbroadcast 
We're now a matter of weeks away from a likely no deal brexit.Lorry parks are being built, a flotilla is being prepared, medicines and food are being stockpiled.I'm not that mean that I won't share my stash with a hungry brexiter but I promise you, you'll get less than 52/48%. 
Brexit redux and Crimea erupts were trending despite no one talking about them and nothing happening... when your fake news breaks early. 
Wait till we hear the squeals of the Brexit supporting football fans when they see it hit them and their clubs, and I say that as a Celtic fan who knows just how badly hit we’re likely to be  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "The backstop of the Irish border is not a question raised by the Brexiteers, it was a question raised by the EU. "It’s hung by the highest order and Donald Tusk knows it is. I think he’s having a joke." #Brexit  
The irony of Brexit: the UK was already having its cake and eating it as an EU member.  
Grand theft #Brexit Parliamentary Edition.  
Lord Sugar: Johnson and Gove should be in prison for Brexit referendum lies  
The biggest winners of Brexit—Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris—have proved to be as effective at pulling business in as the Brexiteers have been at pushing business out leaving the single market, resurrecting tariffs with trade partners, booting foreign workers  
Please can we also get confirmation on why there was a four-month delay when all the evidence was in their hands? An answer is imperative if we are to get to the bottom of such a huge scandal. 
It's saved my life twice in the past 10 years so obviously not.  They're a bunch of top notch professionals for whom I have the highest possible regard.   Does the NHS need more funding? Of course but #Brexit will put paid to that thanks to the @ScotTories 
Woohoo! Well done, Tom! Now to put pressure on a full public inquiry into the government’s cover-up, Russian interference and coordinated criminal activity by Vote Leave. 
My speech in the #EuropeanParliament on the #Brexit deadlock and the growing demands for a #PeoplesVote : 
Fresh referendum a live option, Cable tells Barnier  #finalsay #exitfrombrexit 
We started by asking how many job-losses are acceptable in order to achieve Brexit. Now we are asking how many deaths. 
The core problem of Brexit was that the media - including the @telegraph - consistently and perniciously lied about the EU for decades. 
Every football fan who didn’t believe that Brexit would affect their sport and still voted to Leave should now read on. 
But at least Brexiters can add the WTO to the list of Brexit saboteurs, which now includes:- the EU27- Remainers- the House of Lords- critical MPs- the judiciary- the civil service- academia- the libtard media- Delia Smith & Baldrick#PeoplesVote 
Again: the legal consequences of no deal Brexit are not a "blockade" or "embargo". No deal supporters need to take responsibility for their actions, not spout jingoistic falsehoods.  
This might be the dumbest plebiscite of all time.How would we expect the car driving majority from the burbs to vote on crosswalks in the inner city, that they perceive as slowing down their commute? Whoever came up with the referendum idea needs to give their head a shake.  
I have recently joined the LibDems. Imagine if everyone who voted either to stop Corbyn or May but wanting to Remain had the courage of their convictions and voted LibDem. No Brexit. Vote for what you want not against who you want to stop.  
The whole Brexit project is a con, perpetrated by those who stand to gain financially, aided by those in whose interests it is to disrupt and supported by those who don't have the sense to see through it. This is just one small aspect of that con.  
"The culture of the Brexiters is that the ends justify the means: that any action that ensures Brexit is justified, no matter the price in terms of law, decency or democratic principles."  
I'm hosting a series of Brexit Q&As next week across the South East. On Thursday, I'm in Maidenhead. I've invited @Femi_Sorry and the town's MP @theresa_may to join me. Delighted Femi has confirmed. Will you, Theresa? 
UK information commissioner seems non-upbeat on Brexit data issue - she hopes “cooler heads prevail” and there is “at least” a transition where UK can apply to be certified under EU adequacy provisions so that data can continue to flow... didn’t say what would happen re No Deal 
If the UK reaches a withdrawal agreement with the #EU, @UKParliament will have to approve it. How will the approval process work in a 'deal' or a 'no deal' scenario? View our chart for a quick overview and for more info, read our latest Insight #Brexit  
As a prism through which to assess the various Brexit options:In theory post Brexit UK Govt could free smaller businesses from red tape burdens of GDPR.VsNo UK influence on shaping the emerging global standard vs Big tech. Ireland more powerful. & painful No Deal situation 
If you're in #Sunderland and want to chat about its future, especially regarding Brexit, get yourself here by 18.30.Mercure Newcastle George WashingtonStone Cellar Rd High Usworth Washington, NE37 1PH Gateshead  
This afternoon I moderated a discussion "Scotland's place in Europe" with @IanBlackfordMP and @StephenGethins. The debate in the @EU_CoR was welcomed by @KarlVanlouwe, the discussion was on #Brexit and #ScotlandinEurope 
Plaid Cymru Westminster Leader @LSRPlaid meets with Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier to press the need for Wales to stay in the Single Market and Customs Union and the prospect of #PeoplesVote 
Meeting underway with @IanBlackfordMP, @StephenGethins and opposition leaders - who are united in setting out an alternative to the UK government’s damaging #Brexit plans.  
London chattering classes: If only the UK had a Macron instead of a May...Let's compareFrance vs chaotic brexit UKLast GDP Quarterly growthFra 0.2%UK 0.4%Unemployment rateFra 9.1%UK 4%Gov. Debt to GDPFra 97% UK 85%Corporate tax rateFra 33.3%UK 19% 
Criticism grows over May’s appointment of Sir Mark Sedwill as head of the civil service.This is because he continues to hold the post of National Security Adviser. There could be a conflict of interest. However it is suspected that she wants to keep that job for Olly after Brexit 
Brexit is a 'historic error' that will ruin Britain's influence, Spanish prime minister says As if we need advice from a Spanish Prime Minister who has a region of his own country Catalonia wanting Independence.Do the Spanish not want our holiday trade ?? 
The fall in the pound has hit small businesses across the country. Richard is one of the human faces behind it. Here he describes how Brexit has affected his comic book store in Mansfield, and why he believes people should have the final say on the deal. Watch below and share.  
In the wake of a Nashville cop shooting & killing Jocques Clemmons, a Black man who was running away, community groups have put a referendum on the November ballot to create an independent police oversight board.  via @TheAppeal Political Report newsletter 
Relations between Ireland and UK ‘strained’ over Brexit, claims VaradkarNo Leo. You chose to snub your largest trading partner, the UK, in favour of your puppet masters in BrusselsYour contempt for us has been childish and unstatesmanlike via @AOLdotUK 
Here is Leadership:"The poorest & most vulnerable are often the ones hit most heavily by the costs of economic&social disruption...The consequences of this time of flux are of particularly deep concern in N.Ireland"#Brexit @BorderIrish#Read #Hope #Act 
Vince Cable accused of 'Project Fear with tassels' after warning Brexit will ruin Strictly  via @Telegraph 
I’ll say it again: Brexit has forced a large section of the UK’s urban bourgeoisie to look again at the institutions of the British state.  
The Remainers’ caricature of Leave voters is wrong and shows they still fail to understand why people backed Brexit 
The government is trying to fiddle parliamentary procedure to stop MPs from replacing May’s bad #Brexit deal with an alternative. This is political chicanery all too typical of the whole squalid Brexit process. 
Brexit will be awful for farmers, awful for anyone who needs to eat, and particularly awful for poor people. No deal Brexit especially so.  
Liz has got a point: there's 1000s of us who've been fighting/campaigning to #StopBrexitSaveBritain for years. That's been a lot of hard work & emotional strain for us & our families. Can we be stupid enough to vote for a party that doesn't actively oppose Brexit?  
The Media Party is Brazil is just as full of leftist liars as the Media Party in Canada, the U.S. and the UK.And they will go just as nuts when Jair Bolsonaro wins on Sunday, as they did when Trump won and Brexit won in 2016.  
Brexit Myths.> "48% is bigger than 52%"> "Leave the European Union" does NOT mean "Leave the European Union"> "Brexiteers are so thick they do not know what they voted for"> "Leaving on WTO terms will make us poorer"> "Everyone wants a second referendum" 
OK then - please spell out what *personal* independence, agency, sovereignty or democracy Brexit brings... What do you or I *as an individual* get that we can’t have now?Coz I can sure as hell list the personal freedoms, rights, sovereignty and democracy that we lose.  
"EU's unstoppable showdown with Italy risks market crash/euro break-up."  Cannot be blamed on Brexit!  All the more reason to leave, before being forced to pay more into the EU budget as a consequence.    via @telebusiness 
With time rapidly running out, Theresa May is trying to railroad MPs into voting for her bad Brexit deal by presenting a false choice between her failed negotiations or no deal at all. Both would cause huge damage to London & the UK. 
Given #Brexit poses so many threats to young people’s life opportunities, they must have their voices heard.It is time to demand better from the UK Government.We must give 16 and 17 year olds the right to vote.#VotesAt16#PeoplesVote 
And yet the @Conservatives seem to hell bound to drag us into hard brexit thus breaking their 2017 election manifesto@UKLabour seems to be doing very little to stop them, thus breaking their 6 rules election manifesto and also not effectively opposing hard brexit#PeoplesVote 
I keep seeing people tweeting about 'fucking up the supply chain to make a point about Brexit' by 'buying all the tinned tomatoes etc'Can you not? People RELY on cheap tinned goods and if you have the disposable income and choose to TAKE that resource from them, you're a twat. 
Well put. And yet.. Future generations (if any) will regard Brexit as no more than a sideshow, a distraction. The climate crisis if a failure of governance orders of magnitude worse.(Please RT to agree)  
FFL strongly recommend every Brexiteer use the superb toolbox & guide by @Facts4euOrg to fight for Brexit --> Everyone must bludgeon their MP & local media to respect Brexit.Make the effort! Only one person can make your free - and that is yourself.   
"The Scottish Government will seek to ensure @ScotParl can pass its own judgement before Westminster votes on a deal - Scotland must be heard." Cab Sec Michael Russell @Feorlean updated Parliament on negotiations & steps @scotgov is taking to protect Scotland against Brexit.  
We are again calling on the Chancellor to publish immediately, in full detail, the cross-Whitehall Brexit analysis, and the underlying models and assumptions.- Our letter to the Daily Telegraph 
UN globalist puppet Trudeau invited another EU globalist muppet Netherlands PM to give Canadian Parliament a sad lecture how TERRIBLE Brexit is! "International rule of law" Translation: UN's bidding.#cdnpoli #globalists #TrudeauForTreason #Brexit 
No surprise Highlands and Islands will be worse affected by Brexit - fish and shellfish farming, inshore fisheries (crab, lobster and langoustine), crofting and hill farming for lamb, seed crop exports -  hard Brexit will destroy the Highlands - price worth paying for the Union? 
BREXIT FURY: EU hits back at Raab over 'intransigence' warning – Barnier is 'WAITING'  Brexit warming up nicely.War of words between Raab and Barnier.At least we are showing some resolution.We need to keep it up.No deal looks more likely every day. 
All because a posh chap who’s now got himself a nice new shed thought he’d sort out an internal Tory argument by calling a referendum.  
So @LiamFox today made this statement to Commons on now having to enter negotiations under Article 28 of GATT over the WTO post Brexit tariff quota carve up, after following objections, they were not certified. This should mean negotiations with Russia, and perhaps NZ, Oz, US etc  
Brexit "like declaring a war on ourselves" as plans drawn up for emergency shipments of food and medicine  via @LondonEconomic 
Firstly it was 40% of those who voted, not the entire country, and secondly a lot of people held their noses when they voted Labour but did so cos they thought Labour would stop Tory Brexit. They've let a lot of people down. 
Bored of Brexit? No, me neither. More like terrified.#StopBrexit 
 Is this some type of distraction from the goings on with a certain Tory Politician that is in deep  for sexual abuse and is an integral part of the Brexit negotiations? The Press have known for Years about Philip Green. Why out him NOW ????? 
.@thecarolemalone thinks Britain needs a robust leader who has the guts to fight for a Brexit and Theresa May isn't the person for the job. Do you think it's time for Prime Minister Theresa May to go? #ThePledge 
The European Medicines Agency and European Banking Authority will continue to function smoothly after #Brexit.These two important EU agencies will take up their seats in Amsterdam and Paris as of 30 March 2019. We welcome today's vote by @Europarl_EN →  
New poll confirms Canada-Plus, the WTO option or No Deal as public’s favoured Brexit outcome  via @BrexitCentral 
WATCH IT AGAIN: NHS junior doctor, @HannahPopsy, speaking to our crowd of 700,000 at the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London last Saturday. We can have Brexit or we can have the NHS. We can't have both. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
No-deal #Brexit could raise price of mince by 50% as UK is a net importer.Beef imports would be on average 62% more expensive across all cuts, Lamb up 57%, and pork and poultry up 32% and 31% respectively in a #WTO scenario.Well done #Leavers 
#McDonnell disastrous interview.On #Brexit option for PV said ‘All options remain on the table.’ - non answerHumphreys: ‘That’s like having no policy isn’t it?’ Ouch.Why is #Corbyn so quiet on EU. Last 85 tweets only 2 have been about brexitListen 
Nonsense, the woman is a genius. She has played us all for fools for two years and still we think we might get what we voted for. The 1922 committee should be renamed the EU committee. Parliament is now redundant, elections are just opinion polls and Brexit has been stolen. 
Milton Keynes council officially backs a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain!  Cow-ngratulations to all, this is excellent progress. MK is already suffering the effects of Brexit, and we haven't even left the EU yet! We moost have a #FinalSay; nobody voted for this chaos!  
It was confirmed by senior civil servants @CommonsTreasury yday that nobody knows whether there will be a ‘Brexit dividend’, or what size it might be. The claim that it can contribute to any additional NHS funding just doesn’t stand up  
Utter nonsense. The economy isn't strong. The pound has floundered since the referendum. You invent pretend jobs to fudge employment stats. Real wages are lower than in 2010, except for the very rich. The national debt has been tripled. You are #UnfitToGovern! Resign now! 
I keep think that at some point the grown-ups in the Conservative and Labour parties are going to stand up and say 'enough is enough' with #brexit.Are there any grown-ups left in politics?#stopbrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
This is right. Every MP who has publicly supported Brexit should step down if predicted problems arise. If they are certain that #Brexit is the right thing for their constituents this should not be an issue. If they are wrong they must be re-elected.I want a #PeoplesVote 
HEADS UPFinancial Conduct Authority to quiz opinion pollsters re data supplied 2 hedge funds on the night of the referendumSome went on 2 make a killing from sharp drop in sterlingRemember Farage beinq quizzed? Watch this space@carolecadwalla 
This is undoubtedly correct but with unlimited backstops and transitions we won't be delivering Brexit and that opens the door for Jeremy Corbyn to take us back to square 1#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers 
No-deal Brexit could raise price of mince by 50%, meat industry says  
Boeing opens its 1st manufacturing plant in Europe & chooses Brexit Britain, investing over £40 million. Don’t tell remainers..  
No one voted for fewer nurses, doctors or midwives.There are many 'unintended consequences' of Brexit. That's why it's only right that the people get to decide if Theresa May's deal is what they want or not.You can't hurt democracy by adding more democracy.#PeoplesVote 
Tories will replace Theresa May within months, says Remainer Nicky Morgan [By which time the damage from the PM's BOTCHED Brexit negotiations might be IRREVERSIBLE]  via @Telegraph 
Most businesses here prefer a backstop to a no deal Brexit. This is shared by the majority of MLAs. It offers access to British & EU markets. This is how we will build a modern, competitive & sustainable economy where we open doors to trade, investment, tourism & jobs. #cbial18 
Department of Transport Director General: “Our confidence at the moment in the programme [of readiness for Brexit] is somewhat decreasing..."  
How will Brexit turn out?Ladybird’s The Story of Brexit ends on an ambiguous note.  
Once we cut immigration for low-to-middle paying jobs - if we ever do - working class people may start earning a good living again. #brexit  
A phony, 'phantom Brexit' would only deepen divisions between London and the rest of the country - it would mean more instability and more uncertainty. We need a clean break!  
They didn’t overspend. They conspired to move money to another arm of their campaign in order to cheat and win a referendum. It’s called breaking electoral law. 
Another perfect example of... "Brexit benefits NO-ONE except a tiny minority of self serving elites..."  #BackBritainNotBrexit  
Wish @SadiqKhan would spend less time rubbishing the referendum result and more time listening to all those residents on estates who want a ballot on the demolition plans @saveWestburySW8 @SaveCressingham @fenwick_place @DemolitionsLdn 
Observation about those who claim the 17.4 million voted for hard brexitOnly UKIP was offering hard brexit in its manifestoLabour and the Conservatives made it plain that they would pursue a beneficial dealUKIP votes collapsed in the 2017 general election#PeoplesVote 
Lord Adonis sets out the key issues for the conduct of a 2nd referendum. #PeoplesVote#FBPE 
Best anti-Brexit placard ever. Stop right now thank you very much.  
Look at the country we live in now and look at it before the EU referendum and argue it has changed for the better. The referendum sowed seeds of division, fuelled by hate preachers like Farage and Hopkins. Surely such people aren’t representative of who we are as a nation? 
Brexiteers have no confidence in Theresa May to negotiate the Brexit we voted for.We petition Tory MPs to change their leader to give new strength & confidence to Brexit negotiations with the EU. Please support & sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
Watch as Lord Sugar says Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be in prison for Brexit referendum lies  
Brilliant to join @bbc5live in person today, chatting to listeners and presenters on Breakfast and Drive about how close we may (or may not be) to a #Brexit deal this autumn. Thank you for having me #Salford #mediacity 
Lords @DExUKgov minister Callanan says a Commons vote for a #PeoplesVote would not be binding on the govt. So much for #Brexit being about an increase in UK parliamentary sovereignty! 
Vince Cable in Brussels to meet Barnier with cross-party group of MPs. Vince making it very clear that citizens’ right must be ring-fenced whatever happens with Brexit (deal or no deal) @The3Million @BritishInEurope 
1/ UK is moving to Art XXVIII on bits of its WTO Schedule! Explainer. Brexit means the UK needs its own set of WTO Schedules, separate from those of the EU. For goods, the Schedules represent the MAXIMUM tariffs the UK promised Members it can charge on each type of product.  
I cannot overstate immense danger of the handover of our military to EU military unification. This is not something planned for the future - it's happening now as the public is lied to & distracted with the theatre of #Brexit  Emergency Briefing Totnes Devon Please spread word  
Great from @GuitarMoog 2nd referendum or no no 2nd referendum Breixt will produce poisoned backlash politics. Indeed it already has 
From the UK's permanent representative to the WTO and UN: official update on negotiations on the UK position in the WTO post-Brexit.  
MUST-WATCH: Following reports, Chris Grayling wants to buy or lease a flotilla of lorry ferries in the event of a no deal Brexit, @mtpennycook asks what other industries the Government is planning to nationalise: 
Brexit negotiators have found a compromise on the role of the ECJ in enforcing the Withdrawal Agreement. The ECJ will get involved where the dispute hangs on the interpretation of EU law, and won't where it doesn't. This is reasonable, I argue below.  
Talks with EU are deadlocked over how to keep the border open. Yet Dominic Raab has not visited the Irish border since becoming Brexit Secretary.Excuse my language, but Jesus F* Christ, do you know how colonial this is? Have you learnt NOTHING?#Brexit  
Does that mean you'll vote down any Brexit deal that includes ANY Transition period or Chequers proposals, given he Transition means the @ScotTories @Conservatives will ALSO take us back into the CFP post-Brexit?Even 21 month transition will provide EU time to smash fishing.  
ECB's Mario Draghi remains confident of a "good, common-sense" Brexit solution but warns of "uneasiness" for markets as the uncertainty continues  
Lord Shinkwin: "No less undemocratic would be for the establishment to thrawt the result of the People's Vote in the 2016 referendum,"  
Draghi: If the lack of solutions in the negotiations around Brexit continues and remains as the end date gets closer, the private sector itself will have to prepare for a hard Brexit... I would not call it a big financial stability risk, but financial uneasiness 
Seminar in @EA_CoR with @IanBlackfordMP @StephenGethins on #Brexit “Scotland is a European nation and we want to keep our European destiny” “by staying in the customs union or ideally even by staying in the EU” Tonight the two speakers will meet @MichelBarnier to discuss that! 
Russia blocks UK's post-Brexit tariff proposal at WTO: "An objection from a single trading partner means that the WTO can’t certify the proposal until the problem is resolved." 
I Pledge not to vote for ANY of the three main parties as they have shown by their actions re. Brexit how much the hold the electorate in contempt. I will never vote again if Leave doesn't actually mean Leave. 
It’s naive to think that stopping Brexit would put the racist/xenophobic genie back in the bottle. It won’t. It also won’t fix the broken institutions of the UK, or fix the issues that led many to vote for it in 2016. 13/ 
There are No Tory rebels fracking Brexit austerity nurses at foodbanks Windrush they do it together they all vote to sell arms to Saudi they all support zero contracts how can we make you work faster how we make you work harder how can we pay you less   
This will not stop once Brexit is over. On the contrary, with the effects of Brexit inevitably hurting, scapegoating will be even more attractive and effective. 12/ 
“In Middlesbrough, in Stockton, they just want us to get on with it, they are sick of hearing about Brexit” @benhouchen “When I speak to big investors, who we're trying to attract from abroad in the UK, Brexit is not even in the top five”#politicslive 
Arlene Foster has doubts about claims the U.K. will be able to escape "temporary" Brexit links with the European Union  
"Committees have a job to do. Lack of engagement from Govt, keeping us in the dark, means we can’t do that job. #Brexit was meant to be about enhancing the role of Parliament, not diminishing it.” 'Control' has been 'taken back'. But not by Parliament... 
I owe my life to anti-cancer treatments that could become unavailable after a no-deal Brexit. Think about that. 
Another view from a #Doncaster voter: "Leave campaigners had 40 years to come up with a plan. So why is it that for two years we have had no plan, no vision & no actual, real evidence of how #Brexit benefits Doncaster?"Can @CarolineFlintMP answer? 
Lord Lamont: "Since the EU was founded there have been 48 referendums on integration & accession, not once has a referendum been re-run when the vote was in favour of integration even when it was by a narrower majority than ours,"  
Met Cressida Dick yesterday, the Met Police's senior officer. I mentioned the Vote Leave Be Leave police investigation.Very pleased she confirmed it is underway.People are entitled to know who broke the law during the EU Referendum. 
If you have a business and are concerned about the outcome of the #Brexit negotiations, you deserve to make your voice heard. Make sure you write to your MP to #WriteThisWrong 
Friends! Brexit is the most undemocratic political weapon since Thatcher attacked Our Galtieri, the People's Dictator!It's not about reflecting democracy, i.e. whatever Our Soros wants. It's about putting all "control" into the hands of the Far-Right racist elite, e.g. voters.  
Pro EU British Civil service sabotaging Brexit  @ElContador2000 @ultimateOne @Smileygirl19681 @Lin46222208 @RedPam2020 @Karenco30 @KTHopkins @Kalimeralynn @SueWhitaker11 @Whistlingghost @TeddyUKIPClark @Carpheydenim @FeistyRealist @lorraineSW1 @MRGBurns3 
I’m deeply concerned that the Government is wholly unprepared for whatever kind of Brexit takes place – be that a bad deal, or worse, no deal. At City Hall, we’re planning for every eventuality.  
Bonjour from Brussels. @IanBlackfordMP & @theSNP’s Foreign Affairs spokesperson @StephenGethins are addressing EU officials on Scotland’s Place in Europe. #Brexit  
In truth, BOTH sides are at fault for the Brexit impasse The EU for their arrogant and disdainful intransigenceThe UK, led by Theresa May, for prevarication, dithering and frequent capitulationsStill No Deal is BETTER than a Chequers minus deal 
Important new report from #equality watchdog @EHRC, highlighting "alarming backward steps" inc increased child poverty, worsening prospects for people with a #disability, & lack of access to justice.Britain has become grotesquely unequal, & #Brexit will only make things worse.  
'Chemical chaos' could ensue as Brexit leaves UK vulnerable to dangerous pesticides, union warns'.  Saw this report a few weeks ago but thought MPs wouldn't let what's on our plates and in our water harm us - would they?! Time to #endthechaos 
My contention though is that Brexit has already been a) a full assault on every institution of political stability; b) has been conducted with, promoted, and for many made acceptable, appalling venom for foreigners; and c) continuing with it embeds and reinforces a) and b). 4/ 
'Put your faith in brexit'......Eh, kinda doesn't work that way. For starters you need to actually have FAITH in the thing you have faith in, in order to be able to PUT your faith in it. Got it? No? Okay, try this - take your 'faith' and RAM IT #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Boris Johnson and Michael Gove should be jailed for "the £350m lie they put on the red bus" during the #Brexit referendum campaign, says @Lord_Sugar - drawing comparison with company law More:  
Thread. One of the big objections to a #peoplesvote is that it would it would make things worse. That it would be “A full assault on every institution of political stability with added venom for foreigners.”Too late. That’s what Brexit is now. 1/  
Of the 48 EU referenda, "not once has there been re-run when the result was in favour of integration," points out Lord Lamont, but when they've gone against, the EU has "bulldozed"    "A 2nd referendum would be a disaster of the 1st order for democracy."  
Brexit is a 'historic error' that will make British people poorer, Spanish prime minister says  
I HAVE NOT JOINED THE CONSERVATIVE PARTYI APPLIED TO TEST THEIR ORGANISATIONAL COMPETENCE.SMASHING FUNACCEPTED, REJECTED, ACCEPTED, REJECTEDTHESE ARE THE PEOPLE NEGOTIATING BREXITCOMPLETE SHOWER 
"How Brexit is failing five million Europeans"Great piece by @maikebohn via @impakterdotcom 
Daily Heil has seen the writing on the wall and started berating arch-brexiters in its lead piece.It has been spouting lies and hate about the EU for years before the referendum. Could it be they want to distance themselves from blame? 
This is the biggest problem with political debate in US & UK re Trump/Brexit. It's ALL tribal & nobody in either tribe can say a good word about the other side, or vice-versa. All they can do is spew mindless & relentless self-righteous abuse at each other.  
Richard Corbett MEP - #Brexit will bear no resemblance what so ever to what was promised by the leave campaign... what an illusion. If a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy.#peoplesvote #FBPE @RCorbettMEP 
Facebook facilitated Vote Leave's cheating in Brexit, authorised Cambridge Analytica's illegal harvesting app, let Russians access US voter data and allowed their platform to become a weapon of mass disinformation. The least they could do is pay a fine.  
Today Spanish Supreme Court confirms the accusation of rebellion for 9 Catalan political prisoners.They face up to 20 years of prison for allowing a Parliamentary debate, organising a referendum and leading pacific demonstrations.Does #EUJustice equally protect all citizens? 
Listen up 5’s a 10 is speaking: Nicole Sturgeon: "I think Brexit is frankly shaping up to the biggest failure of government policy & handling of a situation that any of us have seen maybe in our entire lifetimes."Can someone at the wheel listen to her?  
.@NewJournal's latest editorial: Brexit is the "most important and pressing issue of our times" . Deeply ironic that Camden Labour organised a meeting about cuts while we all marched for a #PeoplesVote, given the far worse austerity Brexit would bring.  
Just 19% of Brits think the PM can deliver a good #Brexit deal, about half feel negotiations are going worse than expected, and the country is increasingly convinced they'll be worse off. Brexit isn't delivering - time to #EndTheChaos! #LetThePeopleDecide 
Late arrivals to the party most welcome & indeed necessary. The work by those of us who don’t abstain from the Oireachtas has seen Gov commit to holding a referendum on Presidential Voting Rights next May.Focus must now be on equality champions together winning that referendum.  
The irony is: in order to sign up to the Brexit transition period, they had to use the #EUWithdrawalBill to repeal that part of the 2011 act because otherwise it would have made a referendum on the Brexit deal legally necessary, because it's MASSIVE transfer of power to the EU. 
For fecks sake just OPPOSE BREXIT. SUPPORT a #PeoplesVote SUPPORT #Remain 
When you go to vote tomorrow, don't forget the Blasphemy referendum. Be sure to vote Yes to remove this out-dated offence from our Constitution and safeguard freedom of speech #BlasphemyRef #Aras18 
Best for Britain, Best for Doncaster, People’s Vote supporters staged an emergency protest outside my office today against trying to get any #Brexit Deal. Three men turned up but not the organiser. Unconfirmed if any from Don Valley.  
If Thatcher was alive today - she would say :"Well done my faithful acolytes - you have trashed the post war consensus,demolished the Welfare State & created a fearful population. Not too happy about#Brexit but I guess it's a useful tool to complete the job - I may now RIP " 
#Brexit explained...  
.@Andrew_Adonis in House of Lords lays out 9 key issues on People’s Vote and explains how the referendum should happen.  
So, given the current state of Brexit “negotiations” - what exactly will we be taking control of at 11.00 pm on Friday 29 March, 2019? 
How Brexit is working!ENGLAND: voted Leave, getting what it wantedWALES: voted Leave, getting what it wantedNORTHERN IRELAND: voted Remain, getting special treatmentGIBRALTAR: voted Remain, getting special treatmentSCOTLAND: voted Remain, getting nothing & being ignored 
"We would then immediately leave the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice… the Common Agricultural Policy and the Common Fisheries Policy, but we would still be in the single market” @NickBoles on ‘Better Brexit’ plans #politicslive  
Is this one of those Brexit opportunities Ministers speak of?  
Justice is for everyone? “@CatalansForYes Spanish Supreme Court officially ends the investigation against the organizers of Catalan referendum&launches an unprecedented trial against 18 politicians,including former VP Oriol Junqueras and former Parliament speaker Carme Forcadell”  
This is why I left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems:1. A dangerous hard right #Brexit.2. Hostility towards immigrants.3. Their lurch to the right.4. A 'them & us' attitude.RT if you agree...@LibDems @LibDemPress @Femi_Sorry @acgrayling @ThatTimWalker @GaryLineker 
The main issue in Brexit ... who's going to be serving the coffee down in London?   
In a debate on a 2nd referendum, @Lord_Sugar just argued that those responsible for Brexit "lies" should be "imprisoned, or at least prosecuted... "...such as Boris Johnson or Michael Gove."  
Speaking on @BBCPolitics live, @GoodwinMJ mentions that freedom of movement was a key driver of Leave vote. It was. However, since Brexit vote concern over imm has declined, and studies now show majorities seeing close trade rels as more impt than ending free movement 
...By Kezia Dugdale's logic on second referendums, it’s ok for a 2nd EU vote, but not a 2nd Scottish IndyRef vote. Even though Kez said 'no deal' Brexit will be a disaster for Scotland You care more about the uk union than you do the people of Scotland!#DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit - 'I can't comprehend the abysmal stupidity'Farage - 'Head Rat'Christoph Waltz from July 2016, take a bow son.  
The core problem of Brexit is a sizable portion of people in England (Not Britain) erroneously blamed EU & immigration for decades of neglect wrought by UK Governments, mostly because your newspapers & politicians spent those decades using xenophobia to sell papers and get votes. 
Brexit is a 'historic error' that will make British people poorer, Spanish prime minister says  
A symptom of dysfunctional & dictatorial government: unacceptable. “Theresa May skipped due process when choosing the head of Britain's impartial civil service, citing the Brexit crisis to justify promoting an ally” @thetimes 
Hey @BBCNews why don't you ever talk about the damage Brexit does?You are too interested in the personality soap opera in the Westminster bubble.This is real.This is ruining Britain.You must at least engage with those who want to stop it. 
Hi ⁦@tnewtondunn⁩ Sorry, but you have completely misrepresented me here. My question to the PM was about the role of Olly Robbins. What you have stated is untrue. Theresa May faces down rebels with Tory love-in at showdown Brexit meeting  
The ebbing away of pent-up demand & much higher economic & wage growth in Eastern Europe will mean a natural ending of the migration surge from that region, removing the main, albeit bogus, reason for #Brexit. This is a point we have to make often and very loudly.#PeoplesVote 
The same people who promised us that Brexit would mean More Control, More Money and a Better NHS, are now telling them to accept a Brexit that means Less Control, Less Money and Screws the NHS!!And they're not even denying it anymore! 
I mean, just stop & think about it, every single white nation, in unison, started allowing mass immigration after WW2, without so much as a forewarning to their citizens, let alone any kind of referendum on such a nation-changing policy. 
You know they’re not ‘our’ fish, right? They’re just fish: swimming around, dodging plastic, not really having a thought-through position on Brexit.  
A lot of people have asked what a final say referendum ballot paper would even look like. This is a good answer. Yes it’s a little complex but frankly it’s a lack of willingness to deal with complexity that’s shafted us thus far.  
Apparently we need backstops and transitions that last forever to stay shackled to a low growth, high unemployment economic ticking time bomb.With the situation in Italty it's a case of the sooner we're out the better.#brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Corbyn is a disgrace and will never get my vote... he had it once but he mistook it for a go ahead for his version of brexit......  well it will never happen again while he is leader of the non-opposition party that used to be labour  
Back in 1991, the people of #RepublicOfMacedonia voted on a referendum.There #WE decided that to go out of #Yugoslavia and our name shall be #Macedonia.3 weeks ago, @VladaMKheld a referendum for us to change our name.It failed.Only #referendum can beat another #referendum.  
Briefing the German Ambassador Peter Wittig & French Ambassador Jean-Pierre Jouyet today on the catastrophic implications of Brexit. We welcome their commitment to our peace process; protection of the Good Friday Agreement and to the backstop being the bottom line in negotiations  
You ought to be on stage @SCrabbPembs  the reality is May is hanging on by the skin of her teeth but you Tory MP"s have decided to keep her there to be the fall person when Brexit finally blows up in your faces. We aren't as stupid as you seem to think.#GTTO 
In the name of democracy, Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn leader of the opposition, respects a vote achieved by cheating and breaking the law. Fine.Respect my democratic right to oppose his position concerning #Brexit. I am criticising the policy, not the man. 
EU fishermen take out of UK waters: 173 times more herring 45 times more whiting16 times more mackerel14 times more haddock & codthan British fishermen do.Today we're introducing a new Fisheries Bill that will change the balance post-Brexit   
Fishing might be small in economic terms. But the Brexit deal for fishing will probably determine the result in more parliamentary seats than the one for cars will   
I agree with @JGForsyth and said as much in my FT column on Saturday. Theresa May should put @DominicRaab squarely in charge of Brexit negotiations.  
You can say that again! Not an argument I heard during the Referendum campaign when it was clear people like me who actually understood how EU works were never given the time of day to ever explain EU to the public. Brexiteers banked on public ignorance to get away with deceit!  
“In Putin we have a strong leader of a weak nation who faces weak leaders of much stronger nations in the west.”Examples are Trump and Brexit.True words by General Richard Shirreff at the #WSF2018. 
I won't lie. If we vote against the Brexit deal some may feel cheated BUT:A) A vote where we can see the deal is more democratic than 2016.B) Brexit would cause harm many won't EVER forgive: NHS deaths. Irish border issues. Food security issues. Jobs losses. Scottish Betrayal. 
Tony Abbot: Brexit Britain Has Nothing to Lose But Its Chains   
Theresa May's Brexit deal will be almost impossible to get out of, Attorney General warns  
The European Court of Justice is not an impartial court and has no role to play in post-Brexit EU-UK relations8 May 2017 
Seriously, if you are privileged enough to go and scoop up large volumes of tinned goods “just to see if it will teach someone a lesson,” you are as fucked in the head as some of the people who think Brexit brings unicorns to your door.Sorry, but it’s a horrid and sad display. 
Me too. Its pro Brexit bias is unacceptable to me and many other other Remainers.  
The core problem of Brexit is that the Brexiters still don't understand Brexit  
Spoke to two Brazilian postgrads about the Bolsonaro campaign yesterday. The prevalence ofinflammatory fake news on WhatsAp sounds horrendous. As bad as anything #CambridgeAnalytica did with Trump or Brexit. When will holding company @facebook be held to account? 
I'm still not convinced the supposed 30 to 45 Labour MPs would be so utterly foolish enough to vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal. Especially as in doing so they would be going against the beliefs of the vast majority of the UK population.  
#brexit Britain now has to placate (negotiate) with Russia who want sanctions lifted in order to get WTO approval. Brexit has literally made us a hostage to Putin at the same time as he is executing people on British streets.Enjoy Leavers.I hope you’re enjoying your work.  
If the majority of Tory MP's think a further extension on the never ending transition period is great then that tells me all I need to know about the party. They'll never allow a brexiteer to take charge of brexit, members who joined to vote 4 @Jacob_Rees_Mogg you've been conned 
Brexit explained  
OK I made it this time. It's all good. It was close... And I'm sweating like Nigel Farage in an abandoned post-Brexit Nissan factory but I made it. 
‘Jewish Voice for Labour’ are to the Jewish community what Kate Hoey’s views on Brexit are to the rest of the Labour Party. Extreme, fringe, and just down right bizarre.  
You have to hand it to the libtard women though. Amazing how they have turned the #Sabarimala issue of judicial overreach into a referendum on menstrual blood, taking advantage of a bad spin on what @smritiirani is alleged to have said. Rehana Fathima’s odious act is forgotten. 
In 2011 the Conservative Party opposed an in out referendum In 2013 they promised an in out referendum In 2016 most Conservative MPs voted Remain In 2017 all but 1 Conservative MP voted for Article 50If the Conservatives can change their mind why can’t the British people? 
Meanwhile...."anti-Brexit radio host James O’Brien grew the audience for his mid-morning programme to 943,000 listeners"...well done @mrjamesob 
“A world trade Brexit lets Britain set its own rules…No ‘divorce bill’ whatsoever should be paid to Brussels,” added the former Australian PM. Thriving Australia has an independent trade policy and controlled borders. This should be our future.  
Just been paid aff...Christmas should be great this year for my wains eh? Cheers to all who voted for #Brexit!Fuckin dicks!!! 
Considering the lack of progress the Conservatives have made in two years of negotiations, do you think Theresa May should step aside to allow Labour to agree a deal with the EU and deliver #Brexit?Please RT after responding 
Caption competition? RW: Mental Health is physical health. TM: Brexit is Brexit. RW: Mental Health is physical health. TM: Brexit is Brexit. Continue current policies until every single person in the country has a diagnosis, and/or one of them gets sacked. @rubywax @theresa_may 
If the govt gives a firm assurance we’ll still be getting £350m a week for NHS, retain everything we have now plus trade deals & David Davis’s “exact same benefits”, then I’ll stop demanding #peoplesvote on deal.If not, we need chance to reject mis-sold Brexit.#PoliticsLive 
When I wrote this in February 2017, it was really a roughing out of the worst case scenario a no deal Brexit would bring.As the entry level - which I hope we’ve moved beyond - it’s stood the test of time and almost been transcended by pre-exit reality:  
#Brexit Throwback Thursday.  
Happening now in #Doncaster! People of Don Valley reject @CarolineFlintMP's plan to support Theresa May's #Brexit plan  
Corbyn sits back while the #Brexit economy burns the U.K. so he can installed his Venezuelan Socialist nightmare! #WorstOppositionInHistory 
Christian Adams’s tribute to Peanuts aka Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
Have You Spotted the 'Bollocks to Brexit' Taxi?  It's out There!!  
Flights and trains between the UK and the European Union after Brexit look increasingly in jeopardy  
Richard Tice - "I founded Leave means Leave, we have a slogan. No deal, no problem, and no money."That’s the reality. If we have no deal we’re not going to pay £39bn unless our negotiators are incredibly weak and that really concentrates the minds of the EU." #Brexit  
Dear Tony Abbott and Nigel Farage,Acting like you have nothing to lose only works if you either actually have nothing to lose, or the other side believes you have nothing to lose. NEITHER ARE TRUE WITH BREXIT. Grow up! People's lives are at stake! 
I've never in real life taken any action in politics (knocking on doors, delivering leaflets, manning the phones etc)But if May & the Tories do betray us on Brexit with their faux Chequers deal I will do everything I can to campaign against them 
We need to talk about molybdenum. How one small molecule highlights the complexitiy and absurdity of a no-deal Brexit. My latest in @WMNNews @NHSvBrexit @Scientists4EU @NHAparty 
Join us next month at @andreajenkyns's Christmas Dinner with the Rt Hon @DavidDavisMP!Tickets are selling fast for this festive #Brexit bash, so don't delay! More details:  
Today's @standardnews @SomersetHouse #CharlieBrown #Snoopy #Brexit #cartoon #illustration #sketch #Brexit #theresamay 
Opinion polls show that the majority believe #Brexit is a mistake. So how can it be democratic to force through such a massive change against the will of the majority? And how can it be democratic without a vote on the final deal? Democracy means a #PeoplesVote. 
Dominic Raab has just said in Parliament that a no deal #Brexit will be the fault of @UKLabour, his fucking party called the referendum, they're negotiating, they own #Brexit, it's their baby, but let's not blame him for the impending disaster, it's #Labour and the EU, fuck off. 
I voted UKIP and will again at the next election because i never trusted Tory or Labour to Brexit and now the UK can see why ....Brits 1st but with mainstream it Brits last !!!!! 
How are you all getting on, with my great idea of #brexit ?  
WATCH: The Conservatives (rightly) say there will be a hard border between England and Scotland in the event of Scottish independence, but claim the Irish border will be frictionless when we leave the EU. It is clear that a Conservative hard-Brexit will undermine the Union.  
Rupa Huq - Now we know the #brexit referendum was conducted illegally.... surely that's another reason to give us all a #PeoplesVote with the option to remain as we know what that looks like.#FBPE @RupaHuq 
Brexit.The Tories called the referendum.The Tories have negotiated badly from day one.LAB pushed remain but accept the result.LAB want a General Election if the deal isn't acceptable i.e. the deal doesn't meet LABs six tests. A People's vote is still on the table. #GTTO 
Have been trying to explain to people for months that there's no such thing as falling back onto WTO rules - just another negotiation with 160 countries rather than 27 #BrexitReality: Russia blocks UK's post-Brexit tariff proposal at WTO  
.@LaylaMoran has revealed through parliamentary questions that Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab has failed to visit the Irish Border since his appointment in July 2018. ‘’This Government is trading the lives of the communities on the Irish border for their ideological Brexit”  
Theresa May must send her Brexit Secretary to Brussels. She can’t expect civil servants to have the same understanding of what’s politically deliverable. Remember if Cabinet or parliament reject the deal, then we’ll be at huge risk of no deal   
I nearly stopped fighting Leave just so that these Gammon ringpieces could see the mountain of shite their Brexit will turn the UK into. But I'm bigger than that. So let's have a #PeoplesVote 
The referendum was conducted illegally yet the cheating side have got off scott free and now we're being led down a blind alley to destination unknown. My question in Parliament this morning urged a #peoplesvote with option to remain as a way of resolving this mess: 
"Now that we know that the referendum was conducted Illegally, surely is that not another reason to have a #PeoplesVote?" Asks Rupa Huq. Support us at  
A simple truth: if you are anti-@JeremyCorbyn then you are for @Theresa_May’s Brexit. Only Jeremy can alter the @CONservatives vision for Brexit. Get behind him & the need for a General Election or we are absolutely headed for a Tory Brexit. 
Brilliant work by our friends at @OFOCBrexit showing the impact of Brexit on young people across the UK.Top tip for @DominicRaab - if he wants to engage with young people, he might want to unblock both us and OFOC on Twitter.#PeoplesVote 
London has the best economic prospects of any big European city despite the uncertainty caused by Brexit, the LaSalle Investment Management's European economic growth index shows, reports the Times. 
The only certainty about Brexit right now is that the establishment is, to coin a phrase, taking back control, as it tries to secure a deal that would best preserve its interests:  #BrexitBetrayal 
The @BBC incl @BBCr4today spout ludicrous propaganda for a Gov't power grab to make UK poorer, less influential, western democracy less secure, & strip our rights.Because of a dishonest referendum which should not be implemented, but the subject of an inquiry & police action.  
Brexit Secretary Raab warms that medicines will be needed to be stockpiled for more than 6 weeks...Project fear?Oh and by the way,He also says if we get #NoDealBrexit it will be @UKLabour fault.Surprised he hasn’t blamed #FBPE yet #PeoplesVote 
NICOLA STURGEON: "I think Brexit is frankly shaping up to the biggest failure of government policy and handling of a situation that any of us have seen maybe in our entire lifetimes." 
This must be the last time  Irish citizens in the north are denied the vote in Presidential elections. Next May there will be an opportunity to change this. There will be a referendum on extending the vote in presidential elections.  
Brexiters like @JohnHumphrysr4 can mock us and try to belittle us. Scornful language won't change the fact that this was the greatest wave of public opposition of the last 15 years. Brexit is a tragedy and we will fight it to the end #PeoplesVoteMarch #BollocksToBrexit 
John Humphrys (75), anchor of self-described “flagship” @BBCr4today says @peoplesvote_uk is “ludicrously named”, after 700k marched to call for one on Saturday. Time he went - and time for informed consent by UK public on #Brexit At 3’03” here  
"The increasing chaos, and that's what it looks like to us all, around the Brexit negotiations is causing huge concern among scientists."  
Raised formal Russian veto of proposed UK post Brexit WTO schedules.Unless removed and in event of no deal Welsh companies won’t even be able to trade on WTO terms in April.Once again the British Gov showing its complete naivety about the cut throat nature of international trade 
This is the biggest danger yet in the whole Brexit saga.  
Inevitable some good democracy-respecting Brexiteer-Tory MPs will be swept away in the #BlueWave that will hopefully do for May's Vichy-'Conservatives', come next GE.But by failing to anything meaningful at all about her Brexit-betrayal, they've made their bed, so must lie on it  
Just asked the #Brexit minister how many of the #EU’s 37 free trade agreements that we currently benefit from, the Govt has got agreement to retain after 29/3/19 in the event of no deal. Answer = 0 
How many times have we been told that #citizensrights for the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK have been sorted? Apart from warm words we have received nothing in regards to no-deal Brexit.Why is Dominic Raab squirming?Why is it so difficult to put it on paper?  
We’re #prosecutingBrexit with @MarcusJBall! Monday 29th October, 6pm, ELG03 - This is a conversation you won’t want to exit #cityunilawsoc #brexit  
At least #Brexit will teach Brits a salutary lesson in how power and control really works when you have a choice between being a little island dependent on imports and exports or a large bloc that isn’t. Still time to grow up, apologise and #exitbrexit though. 
The Taoiseach says: “There are people who voted for Brexit and quite frankly didn’t think about Ireland and now can’t believe we’re not falling into line, and the fact we’re standing up for ourselves. You’d swear we created the problem.” #BrexitReady 
A new @IpsosMORI poll has revealed that 78% of Brits lack confidence in @theresa_may getting a good #Brexit deal.That's over three quarters of the population!  
#bbcqt Paul Mason the man that thinks he’s a smart -arse on to lecture us all non stop. Thinks Jeremy Corbyn walks on water FFS. Never off TV & Radio loves talking bollocks everyday. One of the most annoying men in . Get ready shouting & screaming Brexit bashing one hour.  
People voted to leave the EU in the full knowledge that negotiating our exit would not be easy – Brussels would want to deter any other EU country from going down the same road:  #Brexit 
For sheer blatant hypocrisy & dishonesty, this is quite breathtaking.12 hours after spineless Tory MPs sycophantically back May's overt betrayal of Brexit, her Press Office has the gall to claim "Labour would fail to deliver on the referendum result". Pot. Kettle. Black.  
So Brexit apparently means giving away control over trade, laws, security and standards. Yes that is exactly what everyone voted for - zero change. 
Emotional Theresa May?The Theresa May of the go home vans?That of the Windrush scandal?That of universal credit?Of rape clause?That who wants to throw the country over the cliff with no deal Brexit?Emotional? FRO. 
A Conservative Government that betrays Brexit by stealth and duplicity is no more worthy than a crazed Marxist Labour Government that would do so openly. Same result. The Westminster establishment is clearly the enemy of democracy, a crucible of establishment deceit. 
Theresa May deploys ‘emotional’ speech to see off threat from Brexit critics THERE NEVER WAS A *THREAT* -  MANUFACTURED TO EVOKE SYMPATHY. 
Why would anyone in the UK care about the opinion of a former Australian PM about Brexit?Why would a former Australian PM want to embarrass themselves by weighing in?Why isn’t being Australian enough for for these time warp Tories?  
Theresa May's Brexit deal will be almost impossible to get out of, Attorney General warns 
This is really good. It reports on FFCC’s people-centred process for facing the crises of food, farming and countryside as UK stumbles in a chaotic Brexit. The drive to deliver sustainable diets from sustainable food systems must continue, Brexit or no Brexit. Read the report!  
STUNNED and delighted that the @ESRC plan to fund our major, national *legal action research clinic*, giving advice to orgs working with EEA nationals, 2 ethnographically capture the human dimension of Brexit. Brilliant Co-Is: @M_Sumption @MigObs & Simon Parker @uniyorkpolitics 
Theresa May's biggest Brexit problem is not the Irish backstop but her commitment to a fantasy post-Brexit dual tariff customs plan. It's time for her to drop the deception and come clean with the public about the choices Britain faces. My latest.  
The world's leading tech giants, including Google and Microsoft, have expressed concerns over jobs and investment in the UK tech industry after Brexit, citing issues over recruitment and research.  
Now that it looks like #Brexit is definitely happening the only thing I’m looking forward to is going from ‘Remainer’ to ‘Reminder’. Ten years from now I’m never gonna tire from giving it “I told you this was gonna be nightmare!”  
.@mtpennycook jibes @DominicRaab that even Labour hadn't proposed nationalising roll-on/roll-off ferries, and asks if other areas of 'public ownership' considered under no-deal Brexit. Raab deadpan: "He’s right to say we need to look at all scenarios.." 
Just arrived at the Dublin #brexitready forum. ⁦@simoncoveney⁩ and I will be talking to ⁦@DearbhailDibs⁩ about how businesses can get ready for Brexit with State support  
These questions are mostly pretty reasonable, a few not insurmountable, but for me I think the key one is "Who do you think is going to grant you this referendum & what is in it for her? (or him?)"  
In case I missed it, did the "Leader" of the "Opposition" yesterday mention our massive march against Brexit in PMQs?  
Questions to the secretary of state for Brexit. I asked if he seriously thought the govt could be incompetent enough to bring back a deal that was worse than no deal.The first word of his answer was “Yes”. 
Please @theresa_may, get this #Brexit malarkey done & finished.If for no other reason other than to shut this incessant whining from @SkyNews & @BBCNews up for one bloody day. 
Bucharest's gain is Bristol's loss. New jobs being shipped abroad because of fears that Brexit will block future trading. This is strangling Britain.No job is safe if this goes on. #StopBrexit by demanding a #PeoplesVote. 
China and Saudi Arabia - two of the countries the UK would have to be much nicer to after #Brexit. #Brexit - cut yourself off from your democratic friends and grovel at the feet of tyrants. #PeoplesVote 
Brexiters need to understand that asking for a #PeoplesVote is not a foot stamping tantrum. We care about our country, our children and grandchildren's future, our loss of rights and so much more that EU membership gives us, we have every right to oppose Brexit. 
It is clear. The May deal keeps us in "permanent vassalage"to the EU- this is the entire point of Theresa the Appeaser. Make our lives so miserable that a further referendum can be held to exit her fake Brexit and stay embedded forever in the EU. This is the Conservatives 2018.  
So unselfaware she has no idea that this will be shown & ridiculed in every Brexit documentary for 100s of years. #ThursdayThoughts 
Dominic Raab accuses EU of "deliberately intransigent approach" over Brexit negotiations. 
If you voted for #Brexit and are angry that you were lied to, and are angry at the loss of each & every business, organisation & joint initiative, please show your anger by becoming a #RemainerNow and joining the ever-growing call for a #PeoplesVote.We can still #SaveBritain. 
Dominic Raab answers questions in Parliament on the latest Brexit developments   
V excited for next year's best headline- BREXIT BETRAYAL: Bear WAKES UP to find nation STILL under the yoke of BRUSSELS  
The Remainers’ caricature of Leave voters is wrong and shows they still fail to understand why people backed Brexit  
Calais region’s UK representative calls out latest Brexit Project Fear story - that Calais will he closed down etc - as untrue.  
A little #Brexit ditty what I wrote...MRS MAY SAID FOLLOW MY PLANFull Video: #PeoplesVote #PoliticalPianist @campbellclaret @Andrew_Adonis @RemainerNow 
The #BetrayalAgreement did not happen overnight. May has put years into this whilst preening that Brexit means Brexit. Even worse than her are those fake "Brexiteers" on her benches who are too scared to confront her. 
But a year ago onwards many of the UK’s post Brexit trade allies started to object informally to this WTO plan that had been agreed with the EU... eg US, NZ and here Australia (then ambo in a #brexitforensics on sheep farming) 
This is excellent news. Teesport is an invaluable resource for the Tees Valley and will allow us to take full advantage of the opportunities Brexit will deliver as we becomes Global Britain once again.   
From June 23rd 2016, the British media and political establishment have worked remorselessly to subvert, distort and erase the meaning of Brexit. The chasm between them and the 17.4m is vast - we need to assert our will. If the ballot box is to be denied then... 
Hats off to Stella Creasy on this. While most of our politicians are trapped in a Brexit vortex, it’s heartening to see an MP actually showing real leadership by diligently working to improve human rights and equality. @stellacreasy 
They said they would stand up for Brexit. All the establishment Zombies did was sit down, bang tables & applaud a weak leader.Tories have taken 17.4M people for a ride.Only UKIP will #StandUp4Brexit & block Mrs May’s #BetrayalAgreement Join UKIP:  
Berne is named after bears and here is Ursula one of the 3 who live in the city centre. By the time she wakes up from hibernation in the Spring, Brexit will of course be long settled  
If Deutsche Bank collapses and is nationalized / bailed out by the EU, the irony is it will be the UK taxpayer that bailed them out via the ridiculous Brexit Bill. 
John IRA McDonnell on TV this morning wouldn't answer questions on Brexit only GE or people's vote. Asked what Labour would do on the Budget no answer. May getting a rousing reception last night just shows the Tories are a bunch of 2 faced backstabbers. Country needs a new Party. 
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott telling it like it is on Brexit.   
Hi @SebDance Please consider a Leadership Challenge !We NEED a Remainer in Power to challenge this Brexit insanity, and you have LESS TO LOSE than any Westminster MP !You Country NEEDS YOU !Challenge and @UKLabour gets 700,000 NEW & RENEWED Members OVERNIGHT != £2.1 M ! 
Why do I think Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn has some responsibility for #Brexit? For:not opposing #Brexit.not saying he doesn't think it's in the best interests of our country.suggesting that his idea of #Brexit will be.not supporting a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain. 
Brexiteer Tories pushing new poll showing Canada+ more popular than Chequers etc. All well and good. But this misses the main point that if the Conservatives sell-out on Brexit they will have shown millions of voters that they cannot be trusted on anything again. And won't be. 
LOCKED: Theresa May's Brexit plan would be 'almost impossible' to get out of once agreed. Time to chuck Chequers now.  
Time to put this Tory figure into freefall by stop supporting a sham Brexit party. The establishment Parties have had their day. 
In a tremendous surprise to no one, the EU court has upheld an EU ruling to keep our expenses secret. Thank goodness for that. I'm so glad we live in a transparent, free and open democracy here in Europe. Unlike Brexit Britain. 
“When asked what their preferred option was for Brexit, of those who expressed a preferred outcome, 26% opted for a Canada-style trade...WTO option attracted 24%...and No Deal attracted 17%. The Chequers Plan polled worst at 6%”  
1/ there are a lot of lies flying around on both sides of the Brexit argument. But there is one in particular that really grinds our gears. And no, it's not the Norway fax meme. #Brexit  
If they'd reported in a more balanced way before #Brexit ref we might not even be talking about project fear now  
The Brexit delay / nullification project may throw up the biggest surprise yet for the UK and especially Remoaners. What if Europe collapses financially before March 29th? and everyone in the UK then wants FULL ON Hard Brexit as it becomes 100% obvious it's preferable #JustSayin 
Very good question ... and the answer is that if Brexit didn’t happen the U.K. and the world would be better, safer places ... good to see it being asked all around the world  
Wake up Britain the right wing and left wing are the same thing, both hell bent on Brexit.They have a hatred of this country, it’s history and its role in the world. Both delude the masses with their lies. Neither cares about the NHS or the impact of Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Wales should ‘capitalise on its bilingualism’ as Brexit blamed for children dropping foreign languages  
EU appropriating 90% of Channel stocks decimated many south coast communities.We've chance to re-balance that injustice. Clean Brexit automatically repatriates £1.4bn of resources to South coast aloneHuge prize that Checkers & the Transition sells out 
Does that mean that if there is significant disruption in Dover as a result of Brexit you will quit as the local MP and fight a by-Election on your record of Brexit Success?  
Almost a third of the Treasury's staff are being consumed by Brexit work, according to its most senior civil servant  
After two years of relentless anti-Brexit campaigns, still only 56 pc of 18-24-year olds feel the vote to leave was the ‘wrong decision’So much for the emphatically pro-EU ‘stolen future’ generation, desperate to thwart Brexit... ⁦@GoodwinMJ⁩ 
Don't get why anyone thinks fisheries will be better off after Brexit. Demands by EU27 countries will be high in negotiations of long term & UK will sacrifice this sector in an instance to protect more important interests (car industry, fin. services). + EU market access crucial 
Theresa May to trigger full-scale parliamentary no-deal planning ‘within three weeks’: Brexit News for October 25th 
John McDonnell @BBCRadio4 stating we have to respect the Ref but keep all options on the table...would not clearly state 'yes' to allowing a Stop #Brexit #Remain option..ME: You can't state you're respecting the Ref result w/o ruling out a chance to reverse it.He backs #Brexit 
Surely ‘patriots’ like Farage and his UKIP mates will donate their £160k payoff to the post Brexit NHS? I know it’s not £350m a week, but every little helps, eh?  
Brexit was all an impossible lie. And politicians — the crappy domestic U.K. ones — were either hopelessly naive or else worse cynically manipulating us (@BorisJohnson ), but then they miscalculated. And now is exposed they’d rather trash the country than lose face. 
On @BBCr4today John Humphrys says a second referendum on Brexit is 'ludicrously called' a 'People's Vote'. 
“The referendum has neutered Parliament and it has shattered both parties. Jeremy Corbyn is a very hardline Brexiteer, he has always been in favour of leaving the European Union. He is as fervently in favour of leaving as John Redwood" 
Memo to @MichelBarnier: today you are meeting the SNP, Lib Dems, Plaid Cyrmu and Greens. Please bear in mind that each of those parties fought last year’s general election on a platform of resisting or reversing Brexit - and each of those parties saw their share of the vote fall. 
Ladybird book authors make light work of Brexit  
beltway insider crimea erupts brexit redux democracy is our politics democracy is the best revenge What is going on? These trends are weird?Did twitter crash?OMG, we don’t all have to move to Facebook do we???  
So this goverment in order to settle an internal argument in their own Party has screwed everything up up so badly we need " war-time preparations" in peacetime. If you stand back even half a metre from #Brexit you can't help noticing what total absurd madness it is.  
The following random phrases are currently trending, but have no tweets:crimea erupts brexit redux democracy is our politics democracy is the best revenge china builds a bridge beltway insiderIt's a Twitter Mystery. What say you, @Twitter/@TwitterSupport? 
Tony Abbott: “Not too late for robust leadership to deliver the Brexit that people voted for. It’s time for Britain to announce... how it would handle no deal.” Britain, he declares, “has nothing to lose except the shackles that the EU imposes on it.” #leadership #notweakorfeeble 
Great thread. Tc Thomas asks Andrew Lilico about the benefits of leaving.Lilico tells him to Google “Lilico” and benefits of Brexit. So he does. And comes back with polite, thoughtful responses and queries.To which Lilico just responds “we’re leaving.”  
Former Aussie PM Tony Abbott says Britain looks “desperate” in Brexit talks and prepared to accept anything. “Let’s get one thing straight,” he writes. “A negotiation that you’re not prepared to walk away from is not a negotiation — it’s surrender.”   
I'm astonished by the number of people (many of whom I deeply respect) who genuinely seem to think that the solution to the Brexit crash is simply to claim that the entire vote was illegitimate. 
In fact, FBPE people are subject to the same level of manipulation they attribute to the ‘thickos’ who voted to leave on the basis of obvious manipulation. They are being led by the nose to rail against Labour, the only party to offer a mature and EU-approved response to Brexit 
A new poll from @GlobalBritain confirms that #SuperCanada is still the preferred Brexit option at 31% May’s deeply unpopular #ChequersPlan polled worst at a mere 4%And only 10% support a second referendum on EU membership#StandUp4Brexit 
I hope I'm enough of a historian to think that re-branding a democratic vote* as un-democratic because you don't agree with it is, well, not very democratic*a referendum held as a result of a manifesto pledge by a party that won a majority in a GE  
The democratic revolt to ‘take back control’ has hardly begun. It means taking on not just the Eurocrats but also Britain’s own democracy-fearing elites.Mick Hume on #Brexit 
Agreed, but the problem is media treats Remain v Brexit interviewees as equal in knowledge, even when they are not. Warnings from car industry CEOs are balanced by a Rees Mogg, even tho he knows nothing about making cars. Challenge their 'expertise'  demand detail, not slogans.  
Brilliant! “Theresa May’s Alice in Wonderland Brexit”! But let’s be honest, Allister.  May’s plan is not Brexit at all. It’s on-going EU membership on worse terms, with no end in sight.  @telegraph 
I no longer trust @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP to deliver Brexit. All of them back the PM and she doesn't back Brexit. There's only one that I have faith in. @Nigel_Farage 
**Good news: @PeoplesMomentum is consulting its members on #Brexit policy**@Remain_Labour has supporters from all traditions in the party and we welome this move.If you are a Momentum supporter or are thinking of joining, please complete the consultation and back a #PeoplesVote 
The government have wasted over 2 years of Brexit negotiations.The National Audit Office warns that the government have failed to properly prepare for a no-deal Brexit.Brexit is a mess and millions of people will suffer the consequences of government ineptitude and negligence.  
“Some 38,000 British trucks routinely drive in the EU and, if there is no Brexit deal, they will only be able to carry on with a permit.”  But there are only 984 permits #StopBrexit 
Tory MSP Miles Briggs on GMS sticking the boot into the NHS while desperately trying to deny impact of Tory austerity and staffing impact of Brexit. Then tries to ‘clarify’ and justify Michelle Ballantyne comments. #toxictories 
Just how far will post-Brexit Britain and the City of Lindon stoop to secure Saudi, Kazakh, and Russian investment?   
I'm on my way to an event with the Information Commissioner where she is presenting her report on #Brexit cheating in Brussels. We need to ensure this is the last time we see Democracy DisruptedI'll be live tweeting 
They said they would stand up for Brexit. All they did was sit down and bang the table.The Tories have taken 17.4 million people for a ride.Only UKIP will #StandUp4Brexit and block Theresa May’s #BetrayalAgreement Join UKIP :  
Donald Tusk blamed Brexiteers over the Northern Ireland Brexit backstopRees-Mogg corrects him. "That’s simply not true. The backstop of the Irish border is not a question raised by the Brexiteers, it was a question raised by the European Union." 
Labour MPs in Leave seats shouldn't fear voting down a Tory Brexit, says @RCorbettMEP. Here's why: 
Tony Abbott, former Australia PM, on what he regards as the betrayal of Brexit now underway.  
Brexit will be great. Only one third of our food will apparently risk being spoilt on the Kentish contraflow or will have to be smuggled in via pleasure boat. Let's make weight loss on rations patriotic again.#Dunkirk #Why#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
"Theresa May's Brexit deal will be almost impossible to get out of, Attorney General warns"  
Britain has nothing to lose except the shackles that the EU imposes on it. After the courage shown by its citizens in the referendum, it would be a tragedy if political leaders go wobbly now. 
Great news from the EU. “Unless the UK mirrors EU action on plastics after Brexit... it risks turning into a dumping ground for cheap, non-recyclable plastics.”  
Trump has spent years stirring up hate. Look what happened.The same thing is happening here, in the same way, the same style, the same backers.Some here are willing accomplices,Some unaware.The referendum result caused this.If we don’t change attitudes, tone it down,  
In three weeks Parliament will devote itself to passing four major Bills and around 1000 pieces of secondary regulations to implement a no deal Brexit  watch out for consumer rights which may not get priority 
The Remainers’ caricature of Leave voters is wrong and shows they still fail to understand why people backed Brexit, writes @GoodwinMJ 
New poll confirms Canada-Plus, the WTO option or No Deal as public’s favoured Brexit outcome, writes @TheBluetrot 
Thanks Nicola, saying as it is. This is my home but I am in Limbo for 2,5 yrs now and certainly don‘t trust WGV a single inch about anything they say. Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed. I am staying, this is my home, I am Scottish! #brexit #snp #the3million 
So France taking back control of its borders as a result of a no deal Brexit is now a blockade according to Brexiters....  
To "follow the will of the people... one prerequisite must be to have a good idea what people want. In Britain’s tortured Brexit agonies, it is clear that we still have little idea."  
Brexiteers should now work on the assumption that Tory MPs will collectively allow May to engage in any degree of Brexit betrayal she likes. 
You seem to think that they are in some way to blame for the consequences of Brexit,they aren’t you are.Ports will be closed because we are simply not ready to deal with the backlog a no deal Brexit brings. The fault is yours no one else’s.  
Far be it for me to claim the Brexit plan is, umm, unfinished...  
This is why we should never have had that f*cking referendum ... ordinary people have NO IDEA of the deeper implications.Anyone still saying “just get on with it” has no f*cking idea what the hell they are talking about and need to SHUT THE F*CK UP!@JamesMelville 
Great to see @ft support the #PeoplesVote'The feasible outcomes from Brexit negotiations appear to have a majority of the UK population in opposition'Typically brainy proposal for the form of referendum though  
A majority will hate every feasible Brexit outcome. There is a way of running a people’s vote to resolve this problem for Mrs May via @FT 
You've fallen for the Rees-Mogg, Daily Mail, Farage propaganda that the Brexit vote was a "working class' rebellion.The most working class parts of the UK - Labour strongholds of Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Newcastle, Peckham -  were all Remain strongholds.Open your eyes. 
"Save England from bankruptcy with Scottish oil" 1970s"Save England from financial crisis""Save England Better Together""Save England from Brexit"About time we looked after ourselves first, can't keep saving England from selfish idiotic voters 
#Brexit-supporting @UKLabour MP @CarolineFlintMP is trying to lead a rebellion against her own party & vote FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal. Protest TODAY 11am at her office in First Avenue, Auckley, #Doncaster, DN9 3GA.  Please RT. 
What an utter load of crap. No way will I support a second vote to stop Brexit. We voted Remain and we've been ignored. You'd have to be an idiot to think our say will ever be respected by Westminster. We defend the decision we made with independence.  
BREXIT naw EUROPE #awaydays with @celticfanzine c’mon the @celticfc is this the day that we win away #leipzig 
Go now, Corbyn. You are unelectable. You have helped destroy the country by supporting Brexit. The Labour party is not the People's party any more. You will never be forgiven by  Remain Labour voters. Never.  
We must puncture the myth that Brexit is democratic. 2016 vote is discredited, had it been binding, Vienna convention requires the result be over turned. It wasn't so it isn't - this does not alter the illegitimacy of the result. Stop respecting such an assault on democracy 
Westminster opposition MPs, including SNP, Plaid Cymru, Lib Dems & Greens will hold talks with the EU's chief brexit negotiator in Brussels. SNP Westminster leader, Ian Blackford,  will tell Michel Barnier that Brexit could be an economic disaster for Scotland. #bbcgms 0615 
'A no-deal Brexit would seriously threaten our national security – by turning the UK into a safe haven for criminals' | @HackneyAbbott 
Farage right again    Brexit news: Nigel Farage REVEALS the REAL obstruction to Brexit deal | UK | News |  
This is appalling. No MP should support Brexit as it makes the country poorer, weaker. The myth that the people voted for this in a democratic exercise needs to be punctured. The 2016 vote is thoroughly discredited, @conservative @uklabourare betraying the country nothing less 
As predicted 2 yrs ago  | May sets November date to trigger no-deal Brexit preparations  
Brexit “like declaring a war on ourselves” as plans drawn up for emergency shipments of food and medicine  
NEW: A referendum that would have increased the student activity fee by $11.50 per semester failed this week, with 73.7 percent of students voting against it.  
Hi Harywrite,Thanks for the article focusing on what's happening in #Catalonia, my country.I have a few edits for you:a. The #referendum, was not publicly funded, since it was deemed illegal by #Spain. It was funded by a massive grassroots effort led by #Catalans 
I think @Nigel_Farage should donate this as well as his pension to a #Brexithardshipfund to support the many who are likely to lose their jobs and end up relying on food banks as a result of #Brexit. 
I'm sooo sick and tired of the media tracing every single event to Trump.Tornado? Trump's faultBrexit? Trump's faultShooting? Trump's faultKanye? Trump's faultCrime? Trump's faultMail bomber? You guessed it... Trump's fault.You do realize he's President not God, right? 
Your party is finished for this treacherous betrayal of Brexit CONSERVATIVES OUT 
Nigel Farage is to receive a payment of £150,000 as compensation for "losing" his job as an MEP.  I guess he was telling the truth when he said Brexit was nothing to be worried about  
While Nicola postures on Brexit and poses as Duccio’s Madonna and Child her NHS is in chronic decline. A disgraceful woman. @cultfree54 @2351onthelist @JohnLeoNo1087 @mik61scot @Ian_Burnett_ @Del_ivered @athomsonkinross @libsg41 @Maureen6Johnson @BRRSC @edglasgow59 @kevverage 
Referendum is not binding. The barracades have to come down anyway and so the question is do we want to pay to put them back up?  
In 2016 Chukka Umunna told the Evening Standard tha Remainers should abandon ‘calls for a second referendum’ or risk being seen as an elite ‘who think they know best.’ He added: ‘I think it comes across as disrespectful to those who voted Leave.’ Right first time. 
I'm a Londoner who voted Leave & trust me the average Londoner doesn't benefit from the EU.Look who's leading the so called 'People's Vote'...Blair...Campbell...MandelsonWho in their right mind would believe any of those 3, least of all follow them anywhere! #BREXIT 
BREAKING: The student activity fee referendum, which would increase the fee by $11.50 per semester, failed 73.7 percent to 26.2 percent. The total votes on the referendum was 1031, with 72 abstentions. 
Sanofi, the drugs group, has said that the U.K. could approve drugs more quickly than the rest of Europe after Brexit after it accelerated the assessment of a new flu vaccine. 
Remember in June when a No PR group bought a front-page ad in @theprovince attacking Eby's referendum rules and some #bcpoli folk went crazy about wealthy ppl unfairly influencing voters in the referendum, etc?This was Tuesday's front page ad. But not a peep of criticism.Hm.  
The 1922 Committee cheered Theresa May, so many now fear the #Brexit capitulation is complete.No, they've simply given her the benefit of the doubt, so she can finish her negotiations in good faith. bring a deal to HoC.NOTHING is agreed until it passes HoC.WTO is still default 
Hey BC residents!Hopefully you've received your ballot for the Electoral Reform Referendum. Make sure you vote before November 30th! Here's some more info on the PR options:DMP: MMP: RUP:  
BREAKING: CBC decision desk is projecting a NO vote on the referendum to reopen the Portage and Main. #wpg18 
Over 12,000 British Columbians right now on @bcliberals Telephone Townhall with @Wilkinson4BC. Folks in every region are concerned about the stacked deck in this referendum. #bcpoli 
A friend who voted for #Brexit said to me. "They sold me a prize-winning meal and I was delivered a greasy sausage. I was cheated but I'm now paying lots of money for an under-cooked wet sausage." Many who voted leave leave feel cheated. That message needs to reach all MPs.  
We need a referendum on the bypass. Or at least three  municipal elections where we discuss nothing but the bypass. #HamOnt 
Last time we had a civil war in this country was in 1642-1651, between the Parliamentarians and the Royalists. I sense another one coming on if we don't get the #Brexit we voted for, only this time it will be between the Parliamentarians and the working classes. 
Tbh, I don't think Mrs May cares.Her sole purpose was to ruin Brexit & has almost completed the task #BRINO.Her colleagues, Party, etc come in way down the pecking order, compared to keeping this 'Federal Europe' dream alive.Millions of people will be politically homeless. 
Take it from this 'brown' Arab migrant internationalist who witnessed both the Arab Spring and Brexit and who follows US/European politics obsessively: WE ARE IN DANGER. 19/19 
Students taking up the cause and educating the public on the district's referendum.  
Before the EU referendum result there was no mention of things like hard or soft brexit, a divorce bill, a backstop or a transition period. This is because they are all fake things made up by remainers & the EU to try to stop Brexit. We need none of them & should just Leave..  
We don’t know the question - if Remain is on the ballot then I’ll vote Remain along with Jeremy.The so called ”centre” were equally ignored during the Brexit debate - did you know that dead centre Alan Johnson was Labour’s Remain lead?  Does he get any blame?  No - bash JC!.  
So the NDP strategy is working!(I'm convinced they cleverly designed this referendum to ensure a loss, as it is in their self interest to (a) hold the referendum and (b) lose the referendum.)  
Brexit: the inevitable consequence will be chaos - Mrs May should be under no illusions. Aviation is not something she can fudge and, even if the media are currently ignoring it, IATA – however imperfectly – has just marked her card...  #Brexit.  
I saw one of your bollocks to Brexit signs in digital on Edgeware Road. I was surprised it was in English, given the surroundings, most won’t understand it there. You should have been inclusive & had it done in the languages of the people you’re trying to appeal to. You plum.  
FFS!!Labour preparing anti-austerity budget to win back Brexit supporters  
So, since I don't know what kind of change I'd be voting for, I must vote 'no' in BC's referendum. #bcpoli 
I'm neither in favour nor against "electoral reform". Some alternatives to the status quo I favour. Others I could live with. Others I abhor.I don't understand why many people--including the designers of the BC referendum--don't understand this. 
Brits deserve a Brexit.@Nigel_Farage 
Dear #FBPE brigade,If/when Labour backbenchers defy Jeremy Corbyn by voting for Theresa May's fudge of a #Brexit deal, thus propping up this shit-show of a Tory government and ensuring we leave the EU, will you apologise for spending the last 2yrs slagging off the wrong man?  
Alexander Soros: “A genie was let out of the bottle [in 2016], which may take generations to put back in, and it wasn’t confined to the United States.”One look at Brexit Britain confirms he’s not wrong. 
Give us the Brexit and JC is finished. Then we can get this country great again. Tories will govern for years,going to end up like cleggs clowns,unelectable. 
No. Stopping #Brexit is what's essential. A "deal" simply facilitates corrupt #Brexit. Anyway, we already have one: full voting-rights EU membership with opt-outs. The best possible deal. Unless you're a racist, xenophobe, nationalist, fascist, rich tax-dodger or just dim.  
Where brexit is right now.#PeoplesVoteMarch #FBPE 
Lib Dem’s joined forces with Tories in government to cause wide spread poverty and allow Brexit to happen. You really should not be criticising Corbyn for your misdemeanours. The country deserves an apology from the appalling coalition that has brought our country to its knees.  
I see Iain Duncan-Smith is now saying the UK car industry is not that important. Funny that, because wasn't the previous line that the German car industry was so important they were able to tell the EU what to do. Patriot my arse. #Brexit 
Trump has so toxified US politics that one of his base feels it right to send Democrats pipe bombs. Brexit has so toxified UK politics that Tommy Mair felt it right murdered a pro-EU MP.Saudi aggression in Yemen is grave, but calling terrorist bombs "Acme comedy bombs" is crass. 
You can't pull the wool over our eyes Stephen. We figured out a long time ago that she does not believe in Brexit and has not got a clue about negotiating. Resilience is not a great asset to have if you don't have a basic level of competence to go with it. 
The EU have a new trade deal with Singapore.So dyson can drive his cars from singapore in to the EU with no barriers whilst others will struggle to get their cars in to the UK. Brexit benefits James dyson not the UK. He has shown contempt to the UK   
They’re treating the electorate with contempt, while claiming to respect the will of the people without having the courage to allow the people to pass opinion on what Brexit actually, finally means. 
Labour knows the Unions & regions they're supposed to represent need Brexit stopped.Tories are supposed to be the party of business, not the party of f**k business.DUP is betraying its farmer voters who rely on cross-border trade.MPs acting against their supporters' needs. 
That's why I find the MPs playing political games now so offensive. It's not the change people need. It's just more of the same.Wanting a general election or a leadership challenge with weeks before a Brexit cliff edge, shows that power is more important to them than people. 
Just a thought, but I reckon that if everyone who went on the #PeoplesVote march were to join the @LibDems, it would have both main parties terrified enough to commit to cancelling Brexit by the end of the month. 
The Premier attended a #PropRep rally in #Victoria for all of his friends, but won’t take the time to talk to the rest of BC about his rigged referendum. When @jjhorgan says he working for all British Columbians, he only means if you support him and the NDP. #bcpoli 
.@sebcoe tells @peston about some of his concerns on Brexit in regards to sport and European Structural Funds  
Theresa May's Brexit deal will be almost impossible to get out of, Attorney General warns' | via @telegraph 
Tories spending the brexit budget wisely  
Brexit is such a waste of time, money and resources. The young voters will ensure we either remain or rejoin. The money spent on Brexit could have been used to save lives of less fortunate people in the uk. That would be a real government serving the people. 
"What did I say, Roy?""You said that Brexit is anti establishment, working class revolt. It’s ultimate punk. Total rage. The rest is art school bollox. It’s perfect"  
No! It’s entirely possible. Could happen tomorrow. What’s *not* possible is the Brexit that was promised. 
The total betrayal of your election manifesto & keeping us beholden to EU laws, ECJ judgements & EU trade policy is not a good look. Unless you oust her & deliver a genuine Brexit, you will have lost my vote for life .. and I’m party member. 
Irish is still banned in Courts in Northern Ireland under laws dating from the penal laws era. So the UK actually bans one of its own "indigenous" languages! And they wonder why 'Eire' won't rejoin the UK   #brexit  
Aitor Esteban (Basque MP in Madrid) explained today in the Spanish Congress that if the Scottish People had known about Brexit Scotland would have voted for independence   
She isn't getting a good deal for Brexit, she is tying us into a common rule book with facilitated movement. That's worse than remaining. Stick with May and get destroyed at the election. I've only ever voted for 2 parties, UKIP and Tory. I will not vote Tory with that. 
Unfortunately the IT systems to deal with post-Brexit customs arrangements (whatever they may be) aren't going to be ready. This is a complete surprise and totally unforeseeable. It's unheard of for govt IT projects to go over time or budget. 
"Hey, can you front 2K for hotel & travel, we'll reimburse you" assumes a lot about people's lives. And it isn't a measure of their character or whatever excuse might be made. It's a referendum on whether or not you set up arbitrary obstacles 
French say Britons may need visas to visit France under a no deal Brexit:   IDLE THREAT!  Too much of a tourist industry!  Try again!              #fo2eu 
A Brexit deal that is 0% complete is far far away from Theresa May’s claim that a Brexit deal is 95% complete. Britain has always had difficulties understanding the EU metric system. 
LOVE this quiz! I can't believe it guessed my two favorites - pinot and sauv blanc <3 <3 
So those at the top of the Conservative party might wager they have the ability to survive delivering this Brexit nightmare now but they are on the verge of making the Conservative party a hollow shell from which it could be impossible to recover. 
.@EvanHD: “When we have threats of closing our airspace, emergency ships being leased by Government to bring in emergency supplies, you can see why 700k people said over the weekend ‘This is really not what the people voted for’. They were never told this is what Brexit entailed”  
Caroline Flint dismissing the notion of a people's vote before stating in the very next breath that nobody knows what the Brexit deal is going to be is the very epitome of Brexit insanity.What has happened to this country? When did everyone become so stupid? 
Take note, the incitement of violence that Trump and his supporters have propagated to lead to this level of evil is the exact same incitement of jingoism and tribalism pushed out by hard-Brexit MPs. Jo Cox was a lesson for us all...we must entirely silence this vitriol. 
Absolutely brilliant from Seb. THIS represents the Great in Britain. Not Fartage or Yaxley Lennon. Brexit diminishes us all. #peoplesvote 
Hi, @UKLabour - You have ONE Job, now.  Nothing Else Matters !Get rid of CORBYN.  NOW !Replace him with a Remainer and Stop Brexit, otherwise we're ALL Gonna Need FOOD-BANKS !AND Medicine Banks !YOU CAN STOP THIS !Replace Jezza with a Grown-Up and WIN !SIMPLE ! 
Britain experiencing the exact same vicious, violently partisan rhetoric over Brexit that America is experiencing over Trump.  
While May frets over our ability to adjust tariffs, she ignores dawning prospect of Dover’s collapse – not just in a no-deal scenario, but even if we get a deal.As we reach injury time, it’s finally time to be honest about what Brexit means. My latest:  
Here is the anti-proportional-representation ad pulled from YouTube by the No campaign in the referendum. WAY over the top, reminds me of 2006 fed Liberals’ “soldiers with guns on our streets” ad. That one backfired too.#BCpoli 
UK could be forced to charter ships to bring in supplies of food and medicines in no-deal #Brexit scenario.But not to worry.Chris Grayling will be in charge of the operation.#PeoplesVote #Newsnight 
Despite my criticisms, if #brexit is to happen, I would still support Corbyn.  Politics is always the choice between the imperfect, and in the end I feel it will come down to that dichotomy of the two party state. I believe in Labour. 
Imagine somebody tried to pitch #Brexit on #DragonsDen... 
Of course Damian Hinds can’t guarantee planes will fly after a no-deal Brexit, the government’s own no-deal notices admit it’s in the gift of the EU #newsnight 
I was going to Tweet about the 750  trade deals and other arrangements we would have to negotiate after Brexit just to stand still. But what’s important about fighting Brexit is preserving the kind of progressive tolerant society we need. Don’t give up!  
With all this talk of up to 45 Labour MPs ready to save brexit by voting with the Tories, I feel sick to my stomach that I voted for them. I’ll never do that again. 
We need to stop hyping up No Deal, as someone who has been guilty of it doing it myself. It’s not impossible, but it’s very unlikely, and it’s being used to try and coerce MPs to back whatever pants Brexit deal Theresa May cooks up. 
They said they would stand up for Brexit and chuck Chequers. Instead they sat down and banged the table. The Brexiteer Tories don’t have the stomach for this fight.UKIP now stands alone for Brexit.JOIN NOW:  
 ... May is an EU-shill selling us down the river.  May's defence sovereignty sell-out is treacherous. She will acquiesce to the NI backstop, thus breaking Brexit, the Union, faith in democracy and your party. 
According to the latest poll only 19% of voters believe Theresa May will get a good Brexit deal. Only 29%think she is doing a good job as prime minister. Corbyn’s satisfaction rate is even lower at 28%. 
Attorney General warns May's #Brexit deal impossible to get out ofGeoffrey Cox made clear ministers will Not be able to change Customs Backstop once UK is signed up.Either:Accept Backstop it cannot get out of,No Deal orRenounce Backstop entirely.#EU 
Oh Nick! You surely cannot believe that your organisation is not openly assisting govt in respect of brexit. Look at the composition of panellists on QT for example 
RIP Brexit. From media reports the #1922Committee applauded Theresa May and her deep commitment to ensuring a Brexit in Name Only. It’s over. Democracy no longer works in the UK. The 17.4m have been sold out by the Remain establishment. 
“The European Parliament has voted for a ban on a range of single-use plastics across the union in a bid to stop pollution of the oceans.” Fast, co-ordinated action. Will the UK mirror the EU here after Brexit, @michaelgove? 
Imagining a post-Brexit avocado-free dystopian London:  
Tory MPs now criticising business for failing to make contingencies for a No Deal Brexit. On the same day the National Audit Office finds the Government is woefully unprepared for a No Deal Brexit. Irony is dead. #brexitshambles 
After surviving the #1922Committee and just as @Theresa_May thought it was safe to get back into the water, is a Scottish legal iceberg about to sink the #Brexit ship? This week’s @AlexSalmondShow is not to be missed. #Article50 #ECJ WATCH on @RT_com or  
English migrants fleeing Brexit   
The Govt is failing in its Brexit negotiations. We face a bad deal or no deal - both would cause huge damage to London & the UK.People from every corner of our country are calling for the British people get the final say. @itvpeston 10.45pm 
May’s Brexit plan gets #1922committee thumbs up 
Poll: what will be #brexit outcome? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
Right wingers losing their shit that they might need VISAs for mainland Europe post #Brexit, whilst simultaneously demanding a curb to migrants to the UK, is the most hillarious yet depressing act of hypocrisy I've seen since the last time they did something stupid. 
The Tories are heading for electoral oblivion, and deservedly so, unless you get rid of the useless May. She has betrayed Brexit and democracy. As a Tory voter who will never vote Tory again, I take no pleasure in saying any of that.#MayMustGo #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
But there’s still plenty of time to organise a final say on the terms of Brexit, despite was Brexiters would have you believe. Too late for no deal, plenty of time for a people’s vote  
Why was Article 50 triggered before conducting any impact assessments, before reaching a broad consensus in Parliament (and society) of what to realistically achieve in the negotiations, and before making preparations for a no deal scenario?Asking for a friend.#Brexit 
No real #Brexit. No reset of policy towards the poor as May promised. No renewal of national housing stock or infrastructure. What Stephen sees as attractive is, in reality, deep decay.  
Mrs May’s Alice in Wonderland “Brexit” will satisfy nobody. Something must give, writes @AllisterHeath 
1. Reminder of #EURef results-By HoC constituency: Leave 406, Remain 242By EURef voting area: Leave 263, Remain 119By party: Tory- Leave 247, Remain 80               Labour- Leave 148, Remain 842. Reminder of MPs' views-Remain 400, Leave 248See the Brexit problem?  
For me this revealed something probably obvious to politicians; they protect each other first - we the voters come a far 2nd. The identity of this MP is a matter of serious public interest but the protection of 'their own' is put first.  Brexit is the same - they will not save us  
Brexit stopped being about leaving the EU quite a long time ago now. Instead it has morphed into the headlong pursuit of an ugly, rabid nationalism that gets uglier and more rabid as every day goes by. We are entering the arena of the bloody scary. 
More than 850 days since the #Brexit referendum... Still waiting to hear one single benefit of leaving the EU.Just over 150 days until we crash out... Still waiting for a justifiable reason to deny everyone a #PeoplesVote. 
You’ll notice that, as we get close to the #Brexit cliff edge and Trump midterms, violence is the theme. Threats to journalists. Letter bombs. Bone saws. That’s all the criminals have left as their criminality is exposed. It won’t work. 
It's been reported that there are at least 30 Labour MPs who will vote to help prop Theresa May in the next key Brexit vote supporting her BRINO stance. I've flicked through Twitter accounts of Labour MPs & found 67 who have tweeted or retweeted support for a People's vote 1/6.  
Italy breaking EU budget guidelines; Mrs Merkel about to lose another German Election; extreme right progressing in Austria Sweden and Netherlands; Poland being overruled by Commission on appointment of judges; Hungary rejects EU decision on refugees etc etc. BREXIT is a relief!! 
If Brexit happens Northern Ireland won't stay long.Whatever border technology they try, if it isn't 100% perfect, there'll be smuggling, creating the need for physical security, which itself will create a security threat, then...Border Poll (Ref'dum on uniting Ireland see GFA)  
Tonight I found a Churchill quote worth recalling in #Brexit Times: ”We must build a kind of United States of Europe, and we proclaim our resolve that the spiritual conception of Europe shall not die, that it shall live and shine”. 
The small band of Tory Brexiteers are Chamberlains not Churchills.Now UKIP stands alone as the last chance for Brexit. We will never surrender to Theresa May’s #BetrayalAgreementJOIN UKIP NOW:  
Today at @SODEMAction I met a passerby who said he’d voted Leave. He wanted a “leftwing” Brexit. He realised he’d made a massive mistake, and that UK needs the EU. He was at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday & wants a vote with an #OptionToRemain - it was great to talk to him! 
Dear guy.  We do not want a deal.  We want a recount of the referendum, which was fraudulent and excluded 5 million EU citizens from the vote.  We want to stay in the EU.  Most of us do now.  @guyverhofstadt @MichelBarnier#Democracy 
"Commander Cundy is at the centre of the growing scandal arising from the Special Enquiry Team's failure to launch an investigation into Brexit campaign spending referred to them by the Electoral Commission earlier this year." 
Pamela Nash Scotland In Union paid member admits Brexit will be painful. But urges Scots to accept our voice MUST not count in Brexit. We are part of the UK lets take the pain and discomfort that as coming to us. How about a better future for Scots? The union is dead! 
There are currently 5,052 UK-Spain flights a week. After Brexit there'll be none. Scaaaaary stuff .............. NOT. 
Advice on how to enjoy Brexit. Don’t be Foreign PoorOldUnwell Young Fishing Farming Manufacturing orIrish  
I am sick to death of this government's Brexit betrayal.  Why hasn't #TreasonMay been kicked out?  Why do we tolerate such utter incompetence?  Can the Tory Brexiteers please get a grip.  It's getting tedious. 
UKIP's MEPs turned up in force to debate in the European Parliament in Strasbourg – because the subject of their entitlements after Brexit was on the agenda  
Pound dips against dollar amid Brexit and leadership anxiety  
The Labour party does not have any trade policy for #BrexitVoted against the #EEADid not vote for the #SingleMarketDoes not raise the benefits of #FoMAll vital to Airbus.Either you back a #PeoplesVote or those 6.000 NE jobs are on you and the Tories.#PeoplesVote 
You're never going to believe this, all the UKIP MEP's actually went to work today, to see how much money they'll get post Brexit mind, but still, work, bless. 
Thought it was weird they gave me an option to vote on Brexit, but I just went with my gut on that one...  
They all laugh when she says it because they all know how ridiculous the argument is. If it's about a final deal why is Remain an option? Why should I accept the 2nd referendum result if it doesn't go my way? Why should I trust politicians to enact what I vote for ever again?  
Labour preparing anti-austerity budget to win back Brexit supporters  
Wud like to wipe that smug smirk off with the back of my hand.  Shake him until his dimples turn inside out!  REMOANERS wsill do ANYTHING to stop #Brexit. @GeniusWriter1 @GPhys1 @WillyGreyBin  @Isobella35 @Karelcb @SteveD4848 @jivinmalc @robynegee 
Brexit is no ‘working class revolt’. It’s a fight between different bits of the ‘establishment elite’. Etonians against Etonians. Tories against Tories. The rest of us are just collateral damage. 
Theresa May's Brexit Britain is a place where "Tommy Robinson" is feted as a hero with something to say. A fish rots from the head down. May is directly responsible for the contamination that is consuming this country. She gave the nationalists everything they ever wanted. 
Housing and Communities Secretary @JBrokenshire says the government is right to make what @peston describes as 'war-time preparations' for Brexit.  
Brexit isn't punk. If we have to pick music it's the sound of a man pissed on real ale attempting to fart God Save the Queen.  
So, entirely predictably, the spineless jellyfish otherwise known as Tory MPs have once again rolled over, rather than mount a meaningful challenge to May's Brexit betrayal.Party before country, as always. Absolutely sickening.‘emotional’ 
PM'S BREXIT DEAL ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GET OUT OF says Attorney General Cox.  THE CABINET Gove, Raab, Cleverly, Javid, Hunt, Leadsom, Mordaunt should all resign to save democracy.  SHAMEFUL.   @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #Brexit 
"If Brexit isn’t delivered I suspect we will see people like Tommy Robinson starting to lead a political movement” - Remain-voting comedian Konstantin Kisin says  
#Brexit is an #English nationalist project harping back to distant "glory" days of empire. Its a threat, a real threat, to the existence of the #Welsh Nation. This isn't a time for wall-flowers. History will judge our generation for what we did at this time! @YesCymru 
In the maelstrom of the Brexit debate, particularly concerning migration,I wonder why no one ever mentions which country as embraced moving abroad to live more than any other European country. Oh yes, it’s the Uk of course.4.9 million or thereabouts....#FinalSayForAll 
.@Peston offers @sebcoe the job of running the PM's post-Brexit 'Festival of Britain' but Lord Coe says his heart wouldn't be in it.  
Today has been a bad day as the weak feeble @theresa_may limps on because of the lack of spines within the @Conservatives party. But when your feeling down remember this.  #Brexit  
The only thing connecting punk and Brexit is the fact that both of them are preferred by white guys who were young in the seventies.  
Farage to get €170,000 brexit settlement. He's laughing at all those people who voted for him.   
Punk was a fucking art movement. Jamie Reid and Glen Matlock went to art school. And Brexit, my dear, is feudalism writ modern. The working class is fucked.  
Brexiters have dropped everything promised by #VoteLeaveNOW they justify #HardBrexit with what DAVID CAMERON said about leaving the single market1. Cameron doesn't speak for anyone2. How can you use the losing sides arguments?3. Why are we getting a DAVID CAMERON BREXIT?  
The final insult Nigel Farage the silver tongued charlatan who has helped bring Britain to a state of political paralysis on the Brexit cliff edge, will get £150,000 compensation from UK tax payers for losing his job as an MEP 
The Brexit Secretary Has A Historic Confidentiality Agreement With A Female Colleague  
brexit is work of the privileged conservative establishment, you wouldn't know punk if it punched you in the face. I don't think I've ever cringed so hard in my life  
Flying after BrexitAny UK airline can fly anywhere in the EU thanks to "open skies" freedoms until 29 March 2019.After that, new agreements are needed.How are negotiations going?The Department for Transport has just said that talks haven't even started 
Putin, Trump, Erdoğan, Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, ISIS... these are the kind of global figures who think #Brexit is a good idea. Says it all, really. If we Brexit we hand the UK's arse to them on a silver plate. 
Theresa May's Brexit deal with the EU will be almost impossible to get out of, the Attorney General has warned amid mounting Cabinet opposition#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
“Which Circle of hell would that leave you in?” @afneil “I don’t think anybody wants Brexit to go on forever. The voters said, please take us out. It’s this Governments job therefore to do that and that’s what we must do, and we must do it properly” @annietrev#StandUp4Brexit 
Nearly half of all people now think they will be worse off after Brexit, latest poll shows.Nearly half think the negotiations are going worse than expected.And just 19 per cent think the PM can pull off a good Brexit deal.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Planning to hold an anti-Brexit event? Let The New European know about it  
Public Confidence in Theresa May to Deliver Good Brexit Deal Collapses  via @BreitbartNews 
Another brilliant reason to stop this disastrous Brexit - to prevent Nigel Farrage getting a £150,000 payout #peoplesvote 
Theresa May's Brexit deal will be almost impossible to get out of, Attorney General warns' | via @telegraph  
Brexit, as promised by the politicians, is undeliverable. This is the unavoidable truth. It is inevitable that Theresa May's govt will have to face this. At that point, it either admits the truth or pushes through with a disaster which will bring about the end of the Tory Party. 
Brexit is a special government experiment to illustrate how much you can not give the slightest shit about anything and still get away with it.  
Russia has launched a formal objection to the UK's submission to fix its tariff at the WTO. The UK will now need to negotiate individual agreements with all countries in the World and EU, who will be able to apply their individual interests. Brexit was always a lie! 
People are worrying about Brexit when in reality we need to be worrying about Shoreditch  
The Mayor @SadiqKhan tells @Peston that he was initially working with the Government to deliver Brexit. When it became clear to him the only options left were a bad deal or no deal he switched to campaign for a @peoplesvote_uk  
We were told getting #Brexit deals would be easyWe were told to quit scaremongering about #Brexit We were told to stop running down #BrexitToday I along with @ManufacturingNI @MichaelAodhan @NIfoodanddrink were told its our fault if #Brexit is a disaster for NI...  
Theresa May 'wins over' Tory critics at Brexit meeting One MP said it was a "petting zoo, not a lion's den"Which indicates to me that MOST Tory MPs are either SUPPORTING or ACQUIESCING in the Prime Minister's #BrexitBetrayalShame on those that are! 
Chequers isn't Brexit. Gov't need to honour their promise to the people, not placate Parl't. If an actual Brexit proposal is voted down, UK leave on WTO terms & Gov't will have honoured the ref by delivering, or attempting to deliver on their promise.  
This is mind boggling. The reason why agri-food businsess are currently worried about #Brexit is because they fear new UK trade deals? Let's try and deal w/the here and now. FFS, it's about their existing supply chains, not keeping out future competition   
Brexit will make us all poorer*.*does not include Nigel Farage 
We’re leaving a club. We don’t want to follow the rules of the club but we want the benefits. We are told we can have the benefits but we must follow the rules. We follow the rules, receive the benefits, but have no say over the rules. This is not “capitulation”, it’s Brexit. 
Tory MPs moan and groan about their ABJECT leader Then they turn up to the 1922 committee and create an ILLUSION of unityUtterly pathetic - Action, not words, is needed - because with Theresa May at the helm, the Brexit dream is slipping away  
Quotes that seem unfortunate at this stage in the #Brexit negotiations. 78% say we won’t get a good deal and only 14% expect to be better off  
Christopher Chope & @PeterBoneUK typify what is wrong with Parliament. Due to their insufferable little England mentality we may end up with a no deal Brexit.Yet, with not a plan between them, they scold NI business for not being prepared @CommonsEUexit 
My "laser-like focus" on NI over the past 2 years reveals: 646 days of no govt, a disastrous Westminster deal giving the DUP power over Brexit against the wishes of NI, a culture of greed and manipulation revealed at RHI-and an absent SoS. Change in any or all would be great tbh.  
He hates brexit because EU rules provide him with a never-ending supply of workers he can exploit  
Brexit put the political class on notice.Some MPs get it. But most don’t seem to.A Parliament that doesn’t properly deliver Brexit will, to quote @SimonClarkeMP, “have created the most almighty problem” for itself.Anna Soubry et al need to think hard about what they’re doing. 
A handfull of hard-right miscreants thought they'd depose May by increasing their drivel-mongering before the 1922 Committee. But they just whined a bit then crawled back In their prams.Brexit will be as soft as Boris Johnson's belly and as drawn out as Rees-Mogg's words  
Labour preparing anti-austerity budget to win back Brexit supporters Time Labour worried about winning back anti-Brexit supporters! 
"We need friction-less trade and if that is in any way hampered, then the future of that factory may be at risk," Philips CEO says of his site in Suffolk 
Brexit is a Tory party coup with Mogg and Co pushing for it so they get to keep their tax avoidance ways.  I’m working class, you are a “media luvvie”. Do you have any connections to tax avoidance schemes? 
UK’s proposal to split its import quotas from those of EU after Brexit has drawn an objection from Russia at WTO—It means that the WTO can’t certify the proposal and UK must undergo the full procedure instead of simplified “rectification” procedure pursued 
Theresa May has destroyed the Conservative party, she’s ruined Brexit, she’s made the UK a joke around the world, she gave us the snoopers charter that makes 1984 look amateur and her economic policies will dampen our prosperity for decades.The Tories need to remove her ASAP! 
Brexit is anti establishment, working class revolt. It’s ultimate punk. Total rage. The rest is art school bollox. It’s perfect  
I honestly don't get the People's Vote People. Sure, Brexit ain't looking pretty. But crawling back to the EU? After all the insults and disrespect? I cannot think of anything more humiliating. What has happened to British pride? 
With only a few weeks left to go before MPs are expected to vote on what looks like it will be a bad Brexit deal, now is the time to take action.   Let's get a #PeoplesVote 
My house is pretty stuffed with Jamie Reid art. The Sex Pistols fella. Now he bleats “what happened to the spirit of rebellion?” Answer: Brexit. Brexit is punk rock & Remain is Pink Floyd #NeverMindTheBollocks  pic.twitter.com/0aBNLK3PFY 
No-deal Brexit would halt most UK-Spain flights, industry says  
7 key differences between the Brexit Deal Theresa May is proposing & the Brexit deal that Labour are proposing.  
Wonderful! It’d be a pleasure to be carried through London in it, I’d be tempted to hang out the window and yell out Bollocks to Brexit #Gettingolddisgracefully? 
Dr @mikegalsworthy of NHS Against Brexit tells @talkRADIO that Brexit is making this year’s NHS winter crisis much worse.You can throw money at it, but you can’t fix the staffing crisis exacerbated by scrapping nurse bursaries & chasing off EU nurses. 
If you'd written something like this 2 years ago I'd assume you'd been hacked by someone trying to make you look a fool.But since the referendum you've gone from looking desperate to looking quite unhinged. 
as the #1922Committee haven't delivered. Will you ever vote Conservative again?please RT for maximum exposure....#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #ChuckMay #MayMustGoNow #MayMustGo @ConHome @Conservatives #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal 
Yes Labour preparing anti-austerity budget to win back Brexit supportersJohn McDonnell says he will address leavers’ grievances if failure to do deal with EU leads to snap general election 
Don't take anything for granted. Consider those in U.S & Britain who didn't vote, then woke up to Trump & Brexit. We need to turn out in huge numbers on Friday & make our votes count. Then let's put spotlight back on the Dáil where radical change is urgently needed. #aras18 
The EU’s threat to impose failed economics on Italy shows exactly why Jeremy Corbyn has got it right over Brexit 
All you need is to have Bob Geldof in the back giving it the Vs and you have the perfect recipe for any brexiteers  to dig their heels in even harder.You and those like you are the reason we won, please keep up the good work, and thanks for Brexit  
Translation: "Brexit betrayal on schedule."  
“The Government is woefully underprepared... Brexit is bad for Britain’s health. Let’s put that on the side of a big red bus and once we have made that clear, the public should vote on the deal.” - British Medical Association 2018We agree - #EndTheChaos! 
Very excited to see my book in November’s @BirdwatchExtra .Thanks to delays & fears about a hard #Brexit it is available next week  
UKIP’s attendance at European Parliament rockets... as it debates their post-Brexit entitlements  
Brexit may be the first example of a major nation voluntarily putting itself under harsh economic sanctions 
Brexit deal progress is 0% until Irish border solved, Verhofstadt warns, rejecting Theresa May’s suggestion that a deal is “95% done”, as EU warned it won’t be bounced into a deal — he said the withdrawal agreement needed to prevent no deal was “0% done” 
It has become noticeable that Prominent Brexiteers have applied for European Passports or resident permitsRats running to escape the horror of post Brexit BritainWhat on going on, how is this happening?These People are the enemies of Europe, they should be blocked 
Following Saturday's demonstration, people's vote organisers have serious questions to answer about strategy & a second referendum.  
Yet another video explaining the referendum ballot. Cool to see so many people making these: Guide to BC's Electoral Reform Referendum  via @YouTube 
Today @CommonsPAC we quizzed @transportgovuk on their work preparing for Brexit. In Oxfordshire, the Government should be sorting out our railway, bus routes & cycling infrastructure but they can’t because they’re having to plan for disastrous no-deal & bad-deal Brexit  
It is now clear that @Conservatives #MPs are entirely complicit with #May's #Brexit sell-out. They will be destroyed at the ballot box and they fully deserve it, each and every one of them. I will not be voting at the next #GE, whatever the consequences. 
If correct the betrayal of the Brexit we voted for by the Conservative Party is complete  
We are raising money to start a campaign for a Yes vote in a second independence referendum. Help us! 
It seems Theresa May lives after 1922 committee meeting. No surprise. Party before country. Sickening. @theresa_may will destroy the @Conservatives party and the country and Brexit and Tory MPs to blame. 
We demand better than what this Tory Government is offering us, they are making an utter mess out of Brexit. Only the Liberal Democrats are fighting for an Exit from Brexit. The people deserve better, we demand better. Join us today >  
Fury as Germany must pay BILLIONS more to the EU after Brexit  
Don't just vote against Remain Tory MPs in the next General Election.Vote against every Tory MP who submitted a letter to the 1922 Committee, but who then BACKED DOWN and supported her in the meeting.No guts? No votes.Even Brexiteer Tories are betraying Brexit. 
'Austerity is breaking our NHS, the winter crisis is coming in hard, and then Brexit - it’s a really nasty combination', says NHS Against Brexit founder @NHSvBrexit | @MikeGalsworthy 
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was asked about #Brexit, #NodealBrexit  and #EUcitizensFull video via @ScotParl#CommitteeConveners #ProgrammeforGovernment 
Brexit is costing us billions in government time, replacing the perfectly good EU arrangements we have, loss of GDP, opportunity cost, loss of biz investment, loss of international influence.  This just beyond  adding  insult to injury #FBPE 
The entire premise of this article is false. Jeremy was in Geneva to meet the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and the ILO, focusing on workers’ rights and other rights after Brexit. Neither Chile nor Pinochet was discussed.We press released this, including to The Times.  
Theresa May knows her Brexit plan is bonkers, so why is she still ploughing on with it?@Kevin_Maguire brings you today's #BrexitBlast 
There’s always a full money tree to pay for Brexit  
Questioners at 1922 - mainly May loyalists, ex Brexit minister Steve Baker and sir Edward Leigh asking about what happens if there is no Deal... the latter asking confirmation that would not result in delayed Brexit.My understanding PM suggested that she can’t speak for 650 MPs 
Bob Moran on Theresa May facing the 1922 Committee, after feverish speculation that Tory MPs were plotting to remove her because of her disappointing Brexit performance - political cartoon gallery in London  
for the rest of my life whatever I do and however bad I mess up, it won't have been brexit, and that's not much but it's what I cling to 
If you think this referendum regarding blasphemy is a nonsense and want a referendum to keep our water in state ownership, please retweet. Thank you. 
Public Confidence in Theresa May to Deliver Good Brexit Deal Collapses   
Dear @theresa_mayAs a concerned citizen, do I understand correctly that adequate food supplies after Brexit are currently entrusted to @ChrisGraylingMP?Is this really a good idea?I could live with a few days without trains, but food is different. 
To be clear for all southern media: According to latest polling #Yorkshire would vote #Remain if a referendum were held tomorrow. Out of touch MPs like @andreajenkyns & @carolineflint need to listen or their electorates will not forgive them for leading them into #brexitshambles 
The vote to leave the EU was a vote to become an independent country - and that means becoming a distinct customs entity in control of our own external relations. A customs union, therefore, is an intolerable betrayal of #Brexit. 
#Brexit-supporting ⁦@UKLabour⁩ MP ⁦@CarolineFlintMP⁩ is trying to lead a rebellion against her own party & vote FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal. Protest tomorrow 11am at her office in First Avenue, Auckley, #Doncaster, DN9 3GA.  Please RT. 
I am so f****d off.I’m f****d off about Brexit every day but I’m particularly f****d off today. We have until MARCH! FFS?!  Why are so many people so stupid?!I can’t even be bothered to be polite about it any more.And the f***ing MPs?!Party and careers first. C***s!  
Queen breaks silence on Brexit — in a very queen-like way  
I think @TomTugendhat should recognise that #Brexit will have ‘profound consequences’ right across the UK, but esp in Kent.  What on Earth did he think would be happening? @LibDems @JasonJHunter @PimlicoPlumbers 
May is prosecuting Brexit deceitfully, not in the wider interests of the British people and honouring the Referendum result and her own 2017 Manifesto pledges, but in the narrow sectional interests of anti-Brexit Whitehall and pro-Remain Big-Business.  
They can pretend to be Tories: they’re British and proud, they love the armed forces and Brexit. But this is really them - they don’t want British rights and everything is someone else’s fault. They sit in Crazy Corner for a reason. 
I trust he'll be donating it to the NHS, as part of the Brexit Dividend? 
With fewer and fewer people expecting Mrs May to get a good deal, and only 14% expecting to be better off after Brexit, it is perhaps unsurprising that consumer confidence has fallen to -47% net  
actually, what is essential is to withdraw article 50 notification now and ALL OF THIS disappears. The vast majority of people and businesses will breathe a sigh of relief and we can use the HUGE savings from the cancelled Brexit to help heal the divide. 
Shocker- After 2 yrs of doing nothing (only handed the EU a proposal in Sept) we're stuffed in the event of No deal. In other news - Brussels awaits UK proposals on NI border. In brief - There never was a doable deal. Brexit couldn't be delivered, UK gvt hoped EU wld cave.  
If the 1922 committee chicken out and put Party before Country by backing Mrs May. Brexiteers will finally come to the conclusion that the Tory Party is NOT the Party of Brexit as they had  promised us all in 2017. 
I'm so sorry you feel you are not welcome in the UK. I'm 87yrs  of age and I can honestly say I have never felt so ashamed of the UK & what Brexit has done to our friends and neighbours. I was eight when WW2 was declared and lucky enough to see how we Europeans/US stood together. 
Brexit will be a disaster. Leaving Europol, Erasmus, EU Meds agency, Galileo, ESA, EAW, PFN scheme, Euratom and 700 other EU bodies will NOT BENEFIT THE UK. It is isolationist and inward looking and will damage the UK. 
Contrary to claims by Brexiters in the event of a no-deal the EU won't close its borders, it will simply apply the normal EU checks to goods coming from a third country operating under WTO rules with no other trade agreements.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
No not dead at all. But the start of a very long, very complex set of trade negotiations that the UK being a small single economy will struggle with. The uk will have a very very weak hand. Not like it was promised at all #Brexit  
The British in Germany website is full of useful information on how to limit the damage of Brexit on everyday life. Here’s our FAQ for people living in Germany and currently driving on a UK licence: 
Anyone that actually knows me would confirm I’m a very gentle and placid person. But I am now starting to get seriously, seriously fucked off at the absurdity of Brexit and what it has done to our country, giving legitimacy to racist gobshites. I’m sure I’m not the only one! 
Poll: Remainers, how do you feel about #Brexit?Please RT. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you. It's wonderful to see you still have the same passion & commitment that you have shown throughout this Brexit nonsense.Honoured to know you.@BremainInSpain 
We all need to get into the spirit of #BREXIT.So throw way your shoes.Empty the fridge into the bin.Turn off the electric & heatingAnd sit freezing in the dark with a candle, crying. 
Devastating poll by Ipsos MORI: ‘Britain has lost faith in Theresa May’s ability to salvage a good Brexit deal with people increasingly fearful that they will be personally worse off.’  
‘Fear Takes Hold As Bad Brexit Looms.’ Exactly what we anti-Brexit campaigners been warning for 2 years - including ⁦@SODEMAction⁩ outside Parliament today 
Tomorrow @vincecable will meet the EU's Chief Brexit Negotiator Michel Barnier.What do you want Vince to ask Michel Barnier? Tell us here:  
Would someone point out to the aspirant Guardian of the Constitution that he can’t shorten his term without an, em, constitutional referendum?  
The leave campaign funded unaccredited adverts accusing the EU of harming Polar bears during the referendum campaign and targeted them illegally using Facebook data.  Well this polar bear in #Dijon says #BollockstoBrexit he loves the #EU!  
Just 19 per cent of people think the PM can pull off a good Brexit dealNearly half of all people think they will be worse off after BrexitNearly half think the negotiations are going worse than expected  This is why a #PeoplesVote is vital 
And then a second time over the government’s refusal to release Brexit impact assessments. This time the Met appear to say they don’t investigate MPs unless Parliament asks them to.DI Granville’s letter here.  
So, having had a look into those Brexit related documents, it’s clear there’s some sort of issue within the Met’s special inquiry team (something @openDemocracy and @carolecadwalla have been reporting on the Electoral Commission side of.)Turns out stuff predates even that... 
In 13 days, voters will go to the polls to shape our future. Here in Saint Paul, we have a chance to pass a referendum and support every child in our public schools.Strong, healthy schools help build a city that works for all of us. Join me in voting YES for Saint Paul kids!  
Scotland Yard Dismisses Brexit Allegations “Commander Cundy is at the centre of the growing scandal arising from the Special Enquiry Team's failure to launch an investigation into Brexit campaign spending referred to them by the Electoral Commission”  
“The Metropolitan Police Special Enquiry Team dismissed complaints relating to potential Misconduct in Public Office offences related to Brexit without investigating, documents show.” Former police officer turned journalist @J_amesp explains best  
MPs cannot blame Brexit for their own failure. If they cannot properly deliver on the result of the referendum that they gave to the people, then what are they doing in Parliament in the first place?  
The people who sold us Brexit. They insult the civil service. They insult our neighbours. They insult those of us who argued against it.They do everything *except* deliver what they promised.Enough is enough. Ordinary people deserve a say @peoplesvote_uk My speech today: 
If #Brexit goes through to keep the peace, then political violence will have been legitimised and normalised. For this reason alone Brexit must be stopped. Political violence must be shown to fail. Violence and threats of violence must be punished not rewarded.#PeoplesVote 
I’m pretty sure we’re fucked if we can’t replace Corbyn and his merry band of Leavers running Labour. No way to stop Brexit with him at the helm. 
When it comes to Brexit, Theresa May can't be relied on to keep any promise she makes.  
Civil Servants and Brexit Planning Officials: HELP! HEEELP! HELP! OH JESUS CHRIST HEEEELP!Leavers: Huh. More scaremongering! 
We should never have had that referendum. 
Yet more scare stories about Brexit today. We can make it work in Dover. Government must be strong in these negotiations.  
I’ve asked this from day 1. We’re remainers. We like reason, logic and  rationality. It’s our weakness: it’s piss easy to convert me to the benefits of Brexit (and I suspect most remainers). All Brexiters have to do is provide a logical, consistent, reasoned argument. 
What does a treacherous & duplicitous political ‘elite’ look like?Well, they spend £9 million of YOUR money on a leaflet which says “This is your decision... we will implement what YOU decide”.....then do EVERYTHING possible to try & reverse what the majority decided#Brexit  
Brexit Explained pic.twitter.com/RTg06HYncy 
@NadineDorries the conservative party is going to be decimated if they do not deliver the Brexit that was promised at Lancaster house. Election pledge will be broken and so will the conservative party. 
Nigel Fags to Riches Farage :£90,000 per annum MEP£73,000 ditto pension post #Brexit£30,000 per month via @LBCOther: £5,000 per monthYou SERIOUSLY think he cares what happens to your poxy lives after a #NoDealBrexit? You are collateral damage #farage #stopbrexit #FinalSay 
Project Brexit Fear Alert is alive and well. The earth is going to fall in on itself. There will be no medicines or antibiotics, so we are all going to die of infection, food is going to soar, so we are all going to starve, oh and the BBC won't get their license fee. Armageddon. 
Here’s a new poem called ‘Halloween, Dressed as Brexit’.  
Hello Brexit I'm your nightmare  
The new editor is really going to have to work on his Brexit scare stories. Not sure his core-readership will care that much about French Brie price rising.  
With Referendum Approved In Taiwan And "Pride Fest" in Germany, Momentum Builds For Nuclear PowerMy latest column for @Forbes — please share! 
You mean Russia sees Brexit as some kind of opportunity? *innocent blinking gif*  
We entered a referendum on #EU membership.  Rules were clear.  People voted Leave.  Not to everyone's taste, but that's democracy.  Now we have a PM forcing through a deal that looks nothing like #Brexit. Biggest #UK shame in my lifetime. 
Ohanaeze At It Again! We are united, it is you people that choose to betray #Biafrans for your selfish interest.Ohanaeze, join IPOB and demand for Biafra Referendum or no election in Biafraland or continue to wilder in wilderness in the zoo Nigeria. 
. . . then you'll all have to leave Conservative Party & form the UKIP Parliamentary Party! 17.4 Million voters will show no mercy to those who fail to carry out 85% 2017 General Election voters who endorsed Brexit.  No excuses accepted. 
Voted for #brexit?  Was it on the promise that it would create a global Britain leading the world?Well here is reality of what it means to our (currently) world leading science community! Not what you want?Join many others as a #remainernow & demand a #PeoplesVote! 
"The Metropolitan Police Special Enquiry Team dismissed complaints relating to potential Misconduct in Public Office offences related to Brexit without investigating, documents show." - @J_amesp #BrexitCrimes #Brexit 
.@LaylaMoran has been doing a great job in raising NI concerns on Brexit in Westminster. Between her, @stellacreasy @ConorMcGinn @Anna_Soubry and a few others, we're getting better representation from some GB MPs than from most NI ones. 
The Prime Minister has made a long list of promises on Brexit. Her government must deliver on them.  
Here is more from #remainernow Myles. He makes a crucial point that there were so many different versions of leave both in 2016 and now. Whatever brexit deal we get it will not be what those who abstained, those who voted remain & huge portions of leave voters did not want.  
A stitch up, just like the Brexit process appears to be. Mrs May seems to aspire to being the Tory version of Tony Blair. 
Even now, it far too late. MP's should have taken action well before now. BREXIT won't happen as voters intended. The Tories are toast. They've open the door for Corbyn and they'll live to regret it.  
Is @theresa_may forgetting that 'nothing is agreed until everything is agreed'? Meaningless to talk of 95% progress when the Irish border remains wholly unresolved. Without an answer to that there's no #Brexit deal. And answer comes there none #EndTheChaos 
CAN WE JUST STOP BREXIT PLEASE? Why are we doing this to ourselves? 
Rarely have I read such depressing BREXIT polls , surveys and comment as in today’s Evening Standard - all pure supposition, guesswork & intrigue! George Osborne must be salivating at the prospect of perceived failure! 
Here it is. The level of delusion we’re up against. No matter how brutal Brexit will be, and it will be, this degree of delusion will not be dislodged. They’ll downplay the recession & blame the chaos on others. It’s pathological. There’s always a deflection or excuse.  
New paper out with Harry Bromley-Davenport and @david_j_manley! Drawing on research in #Sunderland the paper makes visible the complex and messydecision-making that underpins how people determined they were leavers orremainers in the #Brexit vote.  
Rather a lot of us have zero desire to #LeaveThe referendum was illegal, based on lies, cheating, law-breaking, foreign money and hostile govts interveningThis govt is unbelievably sweeping that under the carpet to force through a #Brexit that is no longer what voters want 
When I raised this repeatedly during the referendum campaign, I was told I was scaremongering. With a fifth of #Oxford’s NHS staff coming from the EU, we now face a crisis unless government gets a grip 2/2 
Shortages of medicines and food may be the least of the UK's problems after Brexit.The violent far right of the Conservative party have revealed their true colours with their menacing talk of civil strife and threats to May.Brexit could be just the start of something far worse. 
This is how Kashmir bids farewell to yet another martyr.This is how Kashmir shows the result of a referendum to India yet again.Funeral of slained rebel Sabzar Sofi at his native #Sangam area of Bijbehara in south Kashmir#StopOppressingKashmiris 
I see the BBC is shitting there pants. There coming out with project fear big time.Because they will loose there millions from the eu if we have a hard Brexit.  Brexit Cant hurt us anymore then what this government has done the last 10 years.It will be nice to see you SQUIRM! 
Swedish Minister for EU Affairs Ann Linde says that any extension of the Brexit transition period would require continuing British payments into the EU budget  
Cost of preparing emergency lorry parks on M.26 and elsewhere for  No Deal Brexit is  £35m say Govt. 
Oh look, a censorious FBPE ghoul. This is why Brexit became a culture war.  
Having the referendum losers dictate the Government’s Brexit policy spells trouble  
Got us right where they want us, haven't they.. #RussianMasterplan #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
This is how the public's preferences for different Brexit options have changed over the past year, according to our recent research with @RANDEurope and @CamPubPolSRI  
The Brexit referendum was  
Apparently when you win a historic referendum your campaign materials become part of @QueensULibrary Special Collections. Here’s Jillian Sparks receiving the materials from @AmyJKaufman. Cc @jordan_library. #ygk #YGKVotes #ButWhereWillUStoreOurTweets? 
Please retweet. Now you know why the fg Government have avoided putting the Referendum on the future protection of OUR water to the People this Fri.!  
In terms of violence, the same d*ck heads are gonna be just as violent when they figure out that brexit isn't what they want it to be.. If we don't leave they'll riot, if we do leave they'll riot.. So #dontLeave and just arrest and try the tw@ts.. 
He and the Brexiters don’t represent us Donald. A clear majority of Brits don’t want Brexit, if the establishment ever agree to another vote we’ll prove it! 
BREXIT: Russia blocks UK's post-Brexit tariff proposal at WTO /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Patrick O'Flynn MEP - "Do not believe the bulletins brought to you by has-beens from the UK political class. "The likes of Heseltine, Blair and Clegg, who tell you that by keeping the punishment up you can bring Britain to heel." #Brexit  
Brexiteer politicians blaming food producers for not preparing for Brexit!! Absolutely shocking. The buck stops with the Brexit Bunch and now everyone else - businesses, civil servants - is being blamed by Brexiteers to distract from the mess which they have created.  
Could business people who would like to support a ‘business’ campaign for a people’s vote on Brexit please message me. Launching soon 
Any politician who's willing to throw our country into chaos, through leaving the EU with No Deal is unfit to hold public officeNo deal should NOT be an option!SIGN & RT this petitionIf there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
SCOTLAND YARD DISMISSES BREXIT ALLEGATIONS:Met Police Special Enquiry Team dismissed complaints relating to potential Misconduct in Public Office offences related to Brexit without investigating, documents show.Me via ⁦⁦⁦⁦@Byline_Media⁩ 
Bono made an impassioned speech against Brexit during a U2 concert in London  
Brexit is not a green & orange issue. The backstop was agreed between the British govt and the EU. Because of their pact with the DUP, the British govt reneged. We now need a legal guarantee to protect the stability of our economy & peace process. @ChrisHazzardSF #SpotlightNI 
The chief executive of NHS Employers has warned that hospitals may forced to close capacity, if nursing numbers continue to fall after Brexit, as we reveal more than a fifth of doctors and nurses at some hospitals are from the EU.More at: 
Powerful address by @MichaelDHiggins to the European Parliament, stressing that EU is not simply about economics, but also peace, prosperity, solidarity, cohesion, inclusion & sustainable inter-generational justice. #Aras2018 #MichaelDforPresident #brexit 
It would be a huge mistake to allow Chequers to go through on the assumption we can fix the deal later down the line. We have to get Brexit right the first time.  
If you click “best rated” on reader comments you will find the Mail is very badly out of step with readers on Brexit  
False advertising I’m a London cabbie & every London cabbie I know voted brexit 
4/ Russia’s war against Ukraine was part of its plan to break apart the EU.Russia’s attempt to influence Brexit was part of its plan to break apart the EU.Russia’s cyber attacks against the US (& installing Trump as POTUS) were part of the same scheme. 
The whole withdrawal agreement hinges on the Irish border, yet in answer to my Parliamentary Question the Brexit Secretary responsible admitted that he shamefully hasn't even bothered to visit Northern Ireland at all.  
In May 2017 Russian ambassador Vladimir Chizhov told MLex the UK's bid to replicate its EU agreements will need Russia's help and take "a hell of a time and a hell of an effort". In the same interview he said he hoped Brexit might bring about the end of sanctions on Russia. 
Another rich Brexit leader leaves the UK. Sir Jim Ratcliffe will join Lord Lawson in Monaco where they will avoid tax and reap the rewards of seamless access to the EU.  
The UK is dead in 10-20 years anyway. Scotland independent, United Ireland. Probably independent Wales, but maybe England+Wales struggling on together. Scot+NI won't forgive this Brexit shambles even if we #StopBrexit 
NEW: Russia has launched an formal objection to the UK's bid to fix its tariff schedules at the WTO - presenting a much longer and harder path for Liam Fox's team. Top Brexit scoop by @zosiawanat and @JoannaSopinska. 
 Momentum is consulting its members on Brexit We say: #StopToryBrexit to protect jobs, our rights, freedom of movement and the NHS.Vote now - it only takes a minute. Find out more here.  
This sell-out of the Brexit vote is disgusting - does the prime minister think the British people are this thick? Tory MPs must stop dithering around, put their country before their party and act to stop this betrayal.History won't remember them kindly if they don't...  
#Russia blocks UK's post-#Brexit tariff proposal at #WTO. By @zosiawanat & @JoannaSopinska .  
Nicola Sturgeon: Brexit shaping up to be biggest government policy failure – Politics live  
This is comical.Ferrari is a huge promoter of Brexit, and constantly accuses Nissan, BMW and other car manufacturers for using lying & using "project fear" when threatening to leave the UK & close facilities if there's a hard Brexit#PeoplesVote@LBC #bbcpm #newsnight #r4today 
Leading scientists have come together to warn @theresa_may and @JunckerEU of the dangers #nodeal #brexit presents to science  
"We Used To Have It All" Drunk Queen Slams Brexit In Bar Rant  
SCIENCE: In the red corner, 28 Nobel laureates warning against a hard Brexit. In the blue corner, Daily Mail readers…  
A brexit troll recently argued that there were no people using food banks on the march.  Apart from the fact that of course there was what is saddening is that he doesn't understand that 700k people might march because they believe society can be better than needing food banks... 
Pretty sobering report, especially for those who say that a No Deal Brexit is perfectly OK. It isn't.  
Northern Ireland Audit Office report on Brexit - summary says NI is “not well prepared for leaving” EU without a deal especially “given the short time available.” Theresa May’s panic to invoke Article 50 and the shambolic preparations carefully unpicked by NIAO.  
Fine speech by @theSNP Northern Ireland Spokesperson @GavNewlandsSNP reminding UK Govt to listen to the people of the north the majority of whom voted #Remain but whose voice is not heard in @HouseofCommons #NorthernIrelandBill #Brexit 
OK here is my report on British Consul's health insurance sales meetings in Costa Blanca this week. Needs full investigation and answers! @BremainInSpain @BritishInEurope @mrjamesob @JasonJHunter @brexit_sham @BBCNews @guardian 
You really need it explained?You have to actually implement the decision of first vote before you have another. I've used the smallest words I could.I'm all for another EU referendum - in 2058 to make it absolutely fair.Happy to help.  
An English Tory Brexiter MP blithely chastising a Northern irish business owner over not taking enough responsibility in preparing for Brexit, pretty much sums up Brexit. 
It's not too late to save Brexit, if only the PM would abandon her bunker and start listening   
.@MichelBarnier is not only a strong negotiator, he also invests a lot of time in informing the @Europarl_EN about the state of play of #Brexit negotiations. Thank you for the discussion this morning! We are fully behind you & still hope an agreement can be reached.  
'Brexit' is a short portmanteau, or 'shortmanteau' for a short portmanteau 
With a possible no-deal Brexit and an ageing population, not only is austerity not yet over; it has only just begun  
Credit insurer Euler Hermes estimated Tuesday that #NoDealBrexit would see the pound crash to €0.88 by the end of 2019. That's 22% lower than it is now, and over a third lower than before Brexit.So as well as WTO tariffs of up to 40%, we'll also have massive inflation. 
Exactly. There is already anger and division. It's a weak argument to push ahead with Brexit just to keep the peace. 
This diagram shows that it is not possible to achieve any sort of Brexit without risk of serious failure; and in the case of Northern Ireland it is assessed that the problems are not solvable.No one would normally and rationally go ahead with such a venture while these risks 1/ 
We think the claim that 45 #Labour MPs will bail out @theresa_may and back her #Brexit deal is baseless.But we need to send a strong message.Sign & share our petition, calling for a Labour manifesto pledge to a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain  
Lying is the main approach employed by the Tories at the mo- whether its spending on schools, the NHS or their Brexit chaos. It’s infuriating that they get away with it.  
My public lecture "Talking about Brexit -  voices from before and after the referendum" is now available at   #DiscoursesofBrexit 
Sounds to me like @thesnp support for @peoplesvote_uk hardening. @IanBlackfordMP now says another referendum would be party’s proposal if Govt deal voted down in Commons. And options should be Deal v Remain. 
It was interesting to hear from Dr David Shiels, Policy Analyst @OpenEurope say that a No Deal #Brexit would not be a disater for the UK economy during @CommonsEUexit committee today. 
A masterful essay by Timothy Less in the @NewStatesman"The problem the EU has with the south-eastern periphery is the opposite of problem it has with Brexit -wayward states refusing to leave and insisting on changing the system from within"  
If I can speak on a more serious note now. I herd on sky last night that everybody in Briton must try and prevent there selves from getting sick. As after Brexit no deal There wont be any more medicines imported.  oh and no more food.You know this is wrong on so many levels. 
WATCH: "I think no deal may actually be the most likely outcome and that is deeply concerning" - @NicolaSturgeon on #Brexit at today's 'Super committee' in Holyrood.  
"Each time the prime minister addresses the Irish dimension of Brexit she only, no doubt inadvertently, makes it worse and less easy to resolve."  
Clocks go back in the UK on Sunday. Are you ready for 5 months of darkness, cold, rain & Brexit BS from the project fear, project nullification, EU Bureaucrats, Institutionalised bias Media & brainwashed Remoaners? Hopefully when the Sun comes out in April it will shine on the UK 
Racist EDL hero and his mob incite hatred outside a court. No action taken. Electoral law broken during the referendum. No criminal investigation. Liberal nationalists demonise migrants and speak at major debates. See how they collaborate with the enemies of liberal democracy. 
In WW2 we organised a flotilla to evacuate troops from Dunkirk.Now we're organising another one to bring in medicines and food after Brexit.It takes a special kind of stupid to declare war upon ourselves.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
The absolute gall of @theresa_may saying non disclosure agreements are being used unethically, when her government is gagging businesses and charities from talking about the car crash that is brexit 
THE CHARADE continuesTheresa May is said to be planning to lay the law down to her CabinetAnd of course they will grumble a bit about her inevitable Brexit betrayalsBut they will then fall in line, as they always have done Career before country!  
I run a really tiny business. We’re trying to plan for a Brexit worst case scenario. It feels impossible to plan for, and utterly terrifying. 
“Macron will not bring a £70billion trade to a halt, but his desire to inflict a Brexit punishment betrays Brussels' fear that an unleashed Britain will leave EU in the dust”#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
Today's House of Commons at #PMQs and the band played merrily on ..the iceberg; a mere rumour #brexit :)) 
Napoleon tribute act threatens to wreck Brexit Britain — we call his bluff  
Chapter and verse below on the ECJ's ongoing role in the UK after Brexit. Watch the PM's response to JRM at 12.35 carefully. Clever wording, but she didn't actually deny it. 
Dear @lisanandy The reason no-one ‘has even begun’ to address the concerns that drove Brexit-... is Brexit itself.It doesn’t solve *any* of the problems it claimed it would.And it is blocking up our parliament.Ditch Brexit & fix the problems.  
Dear MPs. You offered us a referendum on EU membership and we voted to leave. Now effing well do as we instructed or resign. 
Unofficial Brexit war Cabinet (8 strong, key Brexiteers missing) have been summoned to No10 again tomorrow morning at 11 for "an update". Last time this happened May secretly floated the idea of extending the transition.. which other member of Cabinet waited days to hear about. 
The European Parliament's Brexit negotiator has poured cold water on Theresa May's claims of progress, saying it was zero percent until the Irish border issue was resolved  
Breaking News: The NHS has been asked to prepare for an epidemic of Post Traumatic Brexit Disorder and a tidal wave of angry disappointment as millions realise they've been had. 
There's zero chance of 45 Labour MPs voting for Tory Brexit.Labour MPs are elected to protect jobs, working class communities, workers' rights and public services - not to enable Tory governments to shred all of this and more.We can #StopToryBrexit 
2016: “There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside.”2018:  
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez: “The British spend 24 hours a day thinking about Brexit, and the Europeans think about it for four minutes every trimester.” 
What generally is not understood by the majority is that the bad deal May is going to get from the EU is in fact exactly the deal she wants & has arranged with the EU. This plus a further extension of unlimited membership & control by the EU is what she will dare to call brexit. 
Tories: "Don't vote Labour, you'll get a coalition of chaos! Remember the winter of discontent!"Meanwhile, Tories with DUP: Universal Credit chaos, Brexit debacle, stockpiling food & medicines, arms sales to murderous regimes, council budgets slashed, totally divided country 
Remember when the EU trade deal as going to be the easiest in history? How long ago that seems.Now that the Brexit lies have unravelled we need to give the decision back to the people via a #PeoplesVoteMy speech in the European Parliament today 
is there a thread floating around for what Brexit would look like under the most realistic *best* case scenario? like, if May's deal went through and we left the EU? would be useful for grassroots campaigners to have such facts when we're accused of 'scaremongering!' 
Dear Jeremy,700,000+ people marched at the weekend to protest against Brexit. Over 80% of Labour support a #PeoplesVote. Brexit will mean more austerity than ever before. Yet you ignore that completely at #PMQs because you're a political has-been who wants Brexit at any cost  
Keep complaining, Brits anti Brexit! Don't let Americans hog Twitter  
“[Britain] urgently needs to rebalance ... a radical shift of power out of Westminster and the London-centric system we’ve got”Completely agree with @AndyBurnhamGM here - Brexit has to be used, wherever possible, to give greater voice to "non-London" 
I remember back in the day, British forces weren't able to wear uniforms in public for fear of attack and had to check under their cars for explosive devices.Today you can't even wear a #StopBrexit t-shirt for fear of abuse or attack by your own countrymen.Brexit is toxic. 
HYPOCRISY: UKIP MEPs have the lowest attendance rate in EU Parliament... except when the vote is about pensions and benefits for them, after Brexit!UKIP MEPs turned up in unusual force so they could claim entitlements after Brexit. 
POLL: Strong Majority of Brits Shrug off Second Brexit Referendum, Say Unlikely   
After Brexit, can we ban her?  
An imperious @ChukaUmunna gets right to the heart of the matter questioning an embarrassed @annietrev: the ERG do not have the mandate or the parliamentary numbers to push through their extremist vision of #Brexit democratically, so they’re trying to blackmail it out of the PM.  
Even with competition from C4, big brother, brexit, bake off and the football @OnlyMostHaunted still managed to trend at number 5 across the U.K. last night. An amazing achievement The only non terrestrial show to do so. Thank you all so much. And @reallychannel you're welcome. X 
Dear Corbynites if JC loses the next GE don't pin the blame on anyone other than him.You may worship the ground he walks on & back a #Brexit that Removes Rights without Consent, Threatens Jobs & Publ Servs & Leave us WORSE OFF,WE DON'T.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Remain#FBPE 
Petition to nationalise Corbyn’s allotment after a hard Brexit, let people share the vegetables 
We’re facing a political deadlock when it comes to Corbyn & May.Both unable or unwilling to challenge the crisis this country faces when it comes to Brexit. Both unable or unwilling to hd truthful with us when it comes to Brexit. Both unable or unwilling to be honest,  
Brexit: It's about identity!Me: Tell me about it, I've this gorgeously complicated thing going on about identity...Brexit: No, it's about free trade!Me: Oh right. Tell me about it, I've this amazing free trade arrangement...Brexit: No, it's about identity!Me: Eh? I have ... 
Extraordinary, given the lamentable UK govt preparation for & deeply inadequate notices on 'no deal', & the huge uncertainty created by the shambolic Brexit talks, cabinet divisions etc for 2 Tory MPs to criticise business for lack of preparation  
Nothing is settled until everything is settled.Brexit deal progress is 0% until Irish border solved, Guy Verhofstadt warns  
These are the people who promised you that jobs would come back to your region after Brexit. That they would fight harmful globalisation for you.But they're the ones taking the jobs of British businesses away from the UK.#PeoplesVote 
“He (Corbyn) is appealing to an audience who I imagine, to a large part, are simply bored to death with Brexit, and want to hear nothing much about it, but do feel that the subjects he did raise… this matters directly in many, many a household” @JPonpolitics#politicslive #pmqs 
Caroline Flint is now the self-appointed ringleader of attempts to undermine Corbyn and prop up May... She’s actively trying to discredit Labour’s official policy of the six tests on Brexit.So the Tory whips’ story was true - they’re working with her. 
.@Nick_Clegg and @David_Cameron speaking before the Brexit referendum, back when the establishment thought they'd convince the country to vote to remain in the clutches of the European Union. UKIP is the only way to stop the #BetrayalAgreementJOIN:  
I see @BBCNews have gone into full anti-Brexit propaganda mode.They have moved on from the Irish border to scaremongering about tailbacks going through the border at Dover and criminals taking advantage of tailbacks in Calais. They even had a "this is what it look like" moment. 
CBI - ‘the Confederation for Betraying Business’ - has disintegrated in face of Brexit. Time it was replaced with an organisation advancing the interests of business. CBI has become a lowest common dominator bureaucratic blancmange @CBItweets @cbicarolyn 
"Will the prime minister authoritatively deny" reports "the government is willing to agree that the ECJ would be the final arbiter in most cases arising from Brexit," asks Jacob Rees-Mogg.Unlike the pro-EU establishment, the Brexit hero won't let May forget her pledges.  pic.twitter.com/7qJcNx2jDC 
Brexit negotiations now carrying the air of a spy novel reaching the big reveal. All the earlier villains turn out to be bit part players of little consequence. But it looks like the main character was a double agent from the start. 
May claims Brexit deal is 95% complete. Verhofstadt says it's closer to 0%.  #Brexit 
Should there be a second referendum on Scottish independence? 
That point in the Twitter day where Brexit despair shifts to American end-of-democracy despair. 
Not that the Ultras aren’t aware of this. They are. They want the damage to be caused. Brexit is a Maoist-tinged destroy-and-rebuild-as-we-want-it project. 
"Mrs May says 95 per cent has been agreed... but if there is no solution for the Irish border, for our parliament, it is zero per cent."EU Parliament Brexit negotiator, Guy Verhofstadt, issues a stark warning to Theresa May, but says he is "optimistic" a deal can be reached.  
Nigel Farage REVEALS the REAL obstruction to Brexit deal that patriotic Britons voted for  
Following a question from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, the Prime Minister confirms that the ECJ will no longer have jurisdiction in the UK after Brexit. Join our campaign:  
PM: "I see quite a few claims about what is happening in relation to Brexit... they are wrong" Theresa May dismisses concern raised by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg about role of European Court of Justice after #Brexit#PMQs as it happened:  
It is no longer about #TommyRobinson. It is much bigger than Tommy now. It is about ordinary, decent people fighting back against a corrupt establishment. First, it was #Brexit, next it will be @Waspi. Be careful @theresa_may, the troops are finally rebelling. 
Well to be fair to Theresa May, temazepam, diazepam, propofol and tramadol are just four of the drugs the NHS won't need to be stockpiling in the event of no-deal Brexit now that the nation has that edition of #PMQs on tape. 
I mean seriously?! At what point do we accept that a Brexit at any cost is utter, utter madness.  
This piece about The Kinks Are The Village Green Preservation Society at 50 was inspired in part by the rage I felt when seeing it described on here as "well Brexit". @spectator @spectator_life 
Theresa May tells @Jacob_Rees_Mogg that the ECJ will have no ongoing jurisdiction in the UK after Brexit. Except, she’s just agreed that it will - as per @nick_gutteridge’s excl story today; 
Sup, my friends. I've moved back to London. Let me explain a little bit cause I think it shows how Brexit is affecting EU immigrants like myself.  Especially those of us who are freelancers and self-employed.   
Lord Andrew Adonis will be coming to Cornwall to speak about why we need a people's vote on Brexit at St. John's Hall, Penzance, on November 1st, 7 pm. @Andrew_Adonis All welcome!This event generously supported by @Cornwall4EU 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg asks the Prime Minister to deny reports that the Government is willing to agree that the European Court of Justice would be the "final arbiter in most cases arising from Brexit" pic.twitter.com/IvFB1PteKz 
Nobody tell me @UKLabour are fighting Brexit with any purpose. They WANT us to crash out for a shot at No10, nothing else matters to them. They will share the blame for a Crash Brexit.  
@andywigmore tweets these days are particularly infantile, literally appropriate for the primary school playground. Their heads are imploding as Brexit collapses under the weight of its own contradictions.Keep on their tail Carole! Fantastic work. 
Nicola Sturgeon talking Brexit with Holyrood cttee conveners - FM "increasingly concerned that prospect of no deal is growing ever greater" & becoming "most likely outcome" - this is "biggest failure of govt policy & handling of a situation that any of us have seen in our lives"  
British Ambassador to Spain reassures Spanish fishing fleet on access to fishing grounds post-Brexit Via @pilaraymara 
Let's get this straight. Yesterday Cabinet was told that the UK might have to hire an entire flotilla to make sure vital food and medicine supplies reach the UK in a no deal Brexit — and neither the leader of the opposition or numerous MPs have asked the Theresa May about it? 
700,000 Remainers cause no trouble, but you can't even put 7 Quitlings together without them starting a fight. The sooner we ditch Brexit and decency is restored the better. 
Candidates for the post-Brexit BlameOlympics™ are already beginning to take shape, I see. Remainers, Irish, Europeans, Non-Europeans, Aliens, LGBT-anything, speed cameras, Waitrose shoppers, Climate change, Nostradamus, Health & Safety, Seann Walsh, the weather... 
Saudi Bus Bomber May Brexit Crowdfunded Dunkirk Tory Flotilla bringing infected meats from Donald the Orange Balloon. Doomsday Zombie Economy Theresa the Weasel the leader of the Evil Immoral Corrupt Cretinous Conservative Party!!  #PMQs 
Friends! Scary!Our National Crime Agency predicts Our No-Deal Brexit will lead to an outbreak of serious crimes! For example: muggings, drug dealing, acid attacks and stabbings ... and that's just Our Notting Hill Carnival!Talk about a total breakdown of Our Law And Order!  
Whether Leave or Remain, there is not soul who doesn't want trade with Europe. Nor is there a European who doesn't want to sell stuff to or buy stuff from the UK. The entire problem is political and bureaucratic. Brexit shows up both for the costly, useless irrelevancies they are 
You are just making yourself look very silly Chloe and childish.  Dismissing 700,000 people young and old who feel very strongly that they do not want to have their country destroyed by Brexit.  You are not funny or clever just a very silly little girl. Now run along  
Hey @jeremycorbyn you keep saying that if the Tories can't negotiate a "good" #Brexit deal, they should make way for someone who will... by the same token, if you can't be arsed actually OPPOSING THE GOVERNMENT will YOU please make way for someone who will? Ta x 
3. Doesn't like elected Polish govt changes to laws - seeks to overturn and reject4. Doesn't like elected Romania govt change in laws -threatens Hungarian punishment5. Doesn't like Swiss peoples referendum vote on free movement - threatens Swiss with no trade 2 of 3 
Love Qs from SNP MPs complaining about Brexit because it’s “isolationist” #PMQs 
Our 'Bollocks to Brexit' London taxi cab is on the road today (and every day until we stop this thing) tweet us a picture if you spot it out and about.  
Better than being a member of the Conservative Party who have fueled problems like:Islamophobia Homophobia Racism Xenophobia Windrush Poverty Homelessness Housing Crisis Schools Crisis Policing Crisis NHS Crisis BrexitFailed Austerity Social Care Crisis  
Corbyn focussing on the issue of Tory policies not generic 'Brexit' distraction is the right thing to do. Tory Brexit chaos already well documented. Important to focus on Universal Credit chaos, Care chaos, police cuts, council cuts & existing in-work poverty too #JC4PM 
We’ve reached that point in the week when two second rate politicians, blind to the growing crisis this country faces, attempt to skirt round Brexit. We deserve better than TweedleDum & TweedleDee  #PMQs 
brexit stress is a hideous microcosm of climate change stress, with an added dose of impotent frustration because the whole disaster could be prevented by just Not Doing It. 
‘If you no longer are ready to comply with the judgements of the Court of Justice then you inscribe yourself in a process like Brexit,it’s an exit process’-said in Luxembourg Koen Lenaerts,president of the ECJ.Court ordered Poland to stop implementing new law on the Supreme Court  
The country is in crisis, May's future is on the line, 700,000 people marched in London in desperation but #PMQs has just been the usual damp squib. Not a word from Corbyn about Brexit. Not one word. Staggering! 
I'm getting the feeling Brexit might not be a good idea. Anyone else getting it too? 
NEWS! Post-Brexit border problems won’t affect me as I get everything up the road at Tesco, insists Brexiter  
Here is @theresa_may’s legacy:NHS Crisis Schools Crisis Brexit ruinousPrison Crisis Police Crisis Food bank use UPHomelessness UPPoverty UPIncrease in debt Ruinous BrexitFailed Austerity RacismThe @CONservatives are a disgrace.#PMQs. 
The government is preparing to inflict massive harm on the British people so the #Brexit elite can avoid EU measures against tax-avoidance, profit from disaster-capitalism and gain a #Brexit tax haven. This is a violation of the basic contract between state & people.#PeoplesVote 
Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab to step up no-deal planning with weekly Cabinet updates 
This is disgraceful, a cowardly act by seven thugs against one man; fortunately Peter appears to be made of stronger stuff than the morons who perpetrated this.Glad you're on the mend @AcademyOfRock 
.@DominicRaab seems to be making up the @Conservatives' Brexit position as he goes along. It's difficult to see what major difference an extension of three months could possibly make. 
Deeply depressing, but sadly unsurprising, that Welsh Secretary @AlunCairns was unable to offer any reassurance Wales won’t be shortchanged by the Tories (as usual) when Brexit ends our support from the EU. #WalesQuestions 
David ... here is the binary choice : Continue with Brexit and invite misogynism, racism and hate back into Britain as part of the culture. Stop Brexit and have a weekend of riots from a few extremists, then back to a civil society @WernerT_Man @nickreeves9876 @AndrewAtter 
Please remember that the true majority in the UK want to #Remain. What you're witnessing now is a coup. We will return to normality but for now, please accept my apologies for the harm brexit is causing the Union. 
DISASTER: 78% of voters not confident that Theresa May will negotiate a good Brexit deal. That’s the lowest level of support yet.  
Germany: 'Fury as Germany must pay BILLIONS more to the EU after Brexit'Brilliant. 
Michael Caine I won’t be buying your new book to help support your super rich lifestyle, while you want the rest of us to pay for your Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Ahead of my meeting with EU negotiator-in-Chief Michel Barnier tomorrow does the Sec of State for Wales have any Wales-specific priorities he'd like me to raise or would that be against England's interests? #Brexit #WalesQuestions 
Airbus say a no deal Brexit would be “catastrophic”. They employ 6,000 in NE Wales. A deal is essential. 
And in another 2 years’ time, we’ll have another group of 18 and 19 year olds who were too young to vote in THAT referendum. And so on, ad infinitum... No decisions. Ever.  
German MEP: "Sometimes I feel ashamed of being member of European Parliament, I must admit ...I’ve heard from former Remainers that have become Brexiteers now because they don’t like the way in which the EU, the Commission, is treating the UK"#Brexit #EU 
Since you campaigned your entire political life for Brexit then disappeared from politics immediately after the Brexit vote, I-Ran-Away is hardly the mark of true leadership. You are therefore not a credible critic of those trying to clean up your Brexcrement  
Tory shill Melanie Phillips and arch brexiter telling us that we "Brits" are "happy" to take the extreme pain of brexit in the name of democracy and that we can end custom checks in a "last ditch survival situation"....it's all starting to unravel folks #PoliticsLive 
I was 18 just in time for the 2016 referendum and guess what, I am one of those really weird creatures that voted to leave and would do so again. Or do I not count as young because I vote the wrong way? 
Spanish PM Pedro Sánchez calls Brexit a "historic error" that will “diminish the influence and prosperity of the British people”  
“Have you got the numbers in the House of Commons for the Brexit you want?” @ChukaUmunna to @annietrev “That’s the third time I have asked you” “Now you know how I feel” @afneil (The question is eventually put five times) #PoliticsLive 
Didn't prepare for Brexit. Didn't prepare for no deal...  
This is what happens to Prime Ministers who make a big show of holding one position, then abandon it in favour of another.It's impossible to have confidence in Mrs May's Brexit "plan" because it doesn't currently amount to Brexit.Conservative MPs, you know what to do...  
If there is an impasse in the Commons, the only way to break the deadlock is to do as 700,000 people marching on Saturday called for: a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. #politicslive 
Theresa May's track record in the Home Office and since shows her to be a lying, scheming, abusive, xenophobic authoritarian nationalist who is all too willing to override democratic and legal checks and balances whenever she can. She is a Brextremist. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Andrew Neil skewers Polly Toynbee on her positions on a second referendum.  
So now we know. Theresa May has been begging the EU to allow us to stay in the EU for even longer. She is an absolute betrayer of Brexit.  
Those young people didn’t have a say on Brexit because they were children at the time. It’s really not complicated.  
If you think #Brexit might not be worth it just watch this: senior MEP suggests locking European leaders in a room with no change of clothes until they agree to  top down migrant quotas and to Hell with democracy or what is best for individual countries. Thank God we're leaving!  
If preparations for a No Deal Brexit did not start the day after the Brexit vote  - as the current Conservative MP for Dover - presumably you blame the Cameron and May governments and especially the Former Brexit Secretary David Davis?  If Dover is badly affected who is at fault?  
Anyone looking for an excuse to miss PMQs at 12 I will be talking to @theJeremyVine @BBCRadio2 about hot air magnate James Dyson and his deeply patriotic decision to make his new post Brexit car in, er, Singapore (nice trade deal with the EU there guys) 
Brexit should come with a health warning for the island of Ireland, says @astaines. An authoritative and profoundly disturbing blog. 
INTERFERENCE: German MEP calls on the UK to have another referendum. Eurocrats may be used to not complying with democracy but we will not accpet it in Britain!  
The EU is the greatest peace project in history. But it's threatened on many fronts by the rise of the far right and by irresponsible governments within.The last thing it needs is Brexit. How can we abandon this peace project in its hour of need? Aren't we Brits? Don't we help? 
Go @PimlicoPlumbers Beep Beep to Brexit!  
Andrew Bridgen MP is a walking challenge to the Theory of Evolution. His awareness hasn't evolved beyond that of an amoeba. #Brexit 
#politicslive Bloody Chuka look at me flash git Umunna  on. In his expensive suits & big flash watch. The man who bottled it big time when he had his chance to become Labour leader. Get ready Brexit bashing, & Donald Trump bashing guaranteed. Another doom & gloom merchant.   
Nigel Farage accuses the UK civil service of being a "rogue element" that's out to sabotage #brexit... they are the "enemy within." This is an #outrageous slur against UK civil servants.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
The PM must get a grip of the situation & avoid a disastrous no-deal Brexit that would lead to the stockpiling of drugs and medical supplies and make sure that there is nation-wide planning to help the NHS plan for and cope with the impacts of Brexit.  
Excellent to hear @ChukaUmunna highlighting both the thousands of people who marched last weekend for a #PeoplesVote and also the over 1.5million young people who have never had a vote on Brexit on #PoliticsLive today  
Christopher Chope is suggesting NI food firms should have done more mitigation by building processing capacity in the aftermath of the Brexit vote. Mr Billington says give us 5 years, not 5 months. 
The Good Friday Agreement created sustainable peace between those in Northern Ireland who wanted to be British and those who wanted to be Irish by allowing them to be both.Brexit does the exact opposite, skewing things in favour of those who want British but not EU citizenship. 
It’s worth reminding us all that we didn’t need to trigger Art50 until we had a plan - but instead the Tory hard right & the Corbyn ‘left’ insisted on an immediate activation - and the consequences of their rush to Brexit are now self evident - economic & political chaos. #Brexit 
We've Come Up With Another Great Way to Say 'Bollocks to Brexit' - Taxi Anyone??  
Stella Creasy is being so admirable on this. I cheer her HARD. Also - isn't it amazing seeing an MP actually DOING something? Brexit has made us forget about actual political achievement.  
Easy to identify genuine popular movements, anti fracking, anti war, the green movement, gay rights etc. People motivated to campaign/organise for a better society. Not so with Brexit, a protest vote motivated by anger manipulated by unscrupulous politicians. 
Nigel Farage REVEALS the REAL obstruction to Brexit deal that patriotic Britons voted for  
The majority of the UK do not want any brexit deal Guy. we want to Remain in the EU. However, our politicians are simply refusing to listen to us.  
Labour MP Graham Stringer is prepared to back the PM's Brexit deal - on the condition that it properly takes back control.  
"People feel cheated by the broken promises of the referendum, & alarmed by the mess the govt. has made of leaving the EU. Many MPs will have noticed the changing mood. They must speak out, reject a botched or blindfold Brexit, & demand a People’s Vote." 
A bit odd that people are (enjoying being) horrified about No Deal Brexit contingency planning. And yet, somehow the UK are the bad guys when the need for such panic measures would only come about by the EU being vindictive, vile & punitive. What a time to be alive. 
A week back in England has convinced me that Brexit won't be stopped, that it will be on hard terms, that nobody will be happy and that it's part of a wider process nobody understands. 
The evolving stages of Theresa May.2016 - Brexit means Brexit2017 - a bad deal is worse than no deal2018 - Brexit means Remain and any deal is better than a no deal.Worst. PM. Ever. 
How shocking. So sorry to hear this, Peter. These thugs will be running the country come March 30th unless we as a nation wise up fast & act to stop the slide into Brexit fascism. 
Important from ⁦@eucopresident⁩ in closing the debate: “brexit is a project in separating the UK from EU... it is the brexiters who have brought back the question of a border in Ireland”. Too true.  
WATCH: @ABridgen says he ‘wouldn’t be surprised’ if No.10 put out violent anti-May quotes and that we are ‘close’ to 48 letters. “Either chuck Chequers or we are not going to get Brexit.” 
Having the referendum losers dictate the Government’s Brexit policy spells trouble, writes @oflynnmep  
29 #NobelLaureates including our President, Venki Ramakrishnan, have signed an open letter to @theresa_may on #Brexit 
In response to @Nigel_Farage in EP: I don’t know what the result of the #brexit talks is going to be. But I know that it is the Brexiteers, who are 100% responsible for bringing back the problem of the Irish border. 
I'll keep repeating this: If you want to stop Brexit so we can just return to the status quo, you do not deserve to stop Brexit. 
Channel 4 will be holding a live studio discussion #Brexit: What The Nation Really Thinks, on Monday 5th November, hosted by Krishnan Guru-Murthy  @krishgm  
I’m not asking for a debate, Andrew. Just a single, tangible benefit Brexit will bring. You can see how odd it looks that you’re unwilling to do so? Surely? 
If France decides effectively to blockade the Channel ports, it will be shooting itself in the foot. UK suppliers, freed from EU trade barriers, will quickly shift to buying cheaper products from the rest of the world instead.  #Brexit 
Good to talk with @MrJamesOB & Londoners today about Brexit, our work delivering a transport network fit for for all Londoners and tackling violent crime. @LBC. #SpeakToSadiq  
‘Do a cover that clearly articulates where we are with Brexit...’_____________________Urm... sure. _____________________Issue three of the #guardianweekly — #Brexit update. _____________________Design with Art director @pieshopdesigns | Edito…  
Brilliant thread. I'm so tired of this, I often feel the same. Let brexiters feel the consequences of their actions.The problem is, we will all suffer with the exception of the architects of Brexit, they'll be fine.  
The chief executive of NHS Employers has warned that hospitals may forced to close capacity, if nursing numbers continue to fall after Brexit.This means longer waiting times, fewer beds and fewer procedures. Deeply concerning for patients across the UK. 
Brian isn’t regaling us with his Brexit-hysteria because he wants to; no, it’s his “duty”.Isn’t that good of him? Gold medal for Brian.   
Sat here retweeting tweet after tweet about the embarrassing shambles of #Brexit. But has anyone noticed, apart from the bots and the trolls, Brexiteers are virtually silent? You’d almost think there wasn’t any good news whatsoever to say about Brexit......#peoplesvote 
French government has got no plans to close down #Calais: lots of people confused about potential threats around No Deal. Customs aren’t the issue, maybe delays due to eventual light sanitary controls & #brexit exit bill won’t trigger any suicidal economic mission by  ports  
"The cabinet will now have specific weekly updates on Britain’s preparations for Brexit amid concerns the country will not be ready by the time it leaves."  
CAVE-IN ON DISPUTES British negotiators tell Brussels that European Court of Justice ‘will get final say’ on Brexit legal disputes.  Officials have caved into demands that the ECJ be the 'ultimate arbiter' on cases of European law..  
.@TiceRichard We must make sure that we're ready for a no-deal Brexit as doing so would greatly strengthen our hand in the negotiations.  
Barclays Bank - trading business grows 19%The BBC headline is 'despite Brexit uncertainty'.The constant use of negative language even when faced with clear success stories is aimed at keeping the country fractured rather than seeing it unify for a great post Brexit Britain. 
through this crisis that we need to change this country, we need to right the wrongs, we need to stop brexit and absolutely we need to take back control from the shysters. There is a better way, it doesn't lie to the left or the right. It isn't founded in the extremes that 
Am I the only one who, several times a day thinks, fuck it. Just go for it. Have your full on hard brexit. Block the ports, eject the essential immigrants who run half the country, exclude yourselves from the markets you need in favour of shit deals. I want to watch this. 
#NigelFarage: @OllyRobbins and the British #CivilService are the enemy within, they signed up to the European dream many years ago and want to sabotage  #Brexit!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @CCHQPress @ConHome @Conservatives @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart @andreajenkyns 
Funny how pre-referendum gammons treated every Leave campaign lie as fact yet post referendum, with so many Leave claims proven false & their leaders AWOL, the gammons now say every expert/authority/economist is scaremongering about Brexit’s negative impact. Clueless gobshites 
Caroline Flint could lead up to 45 treacherous Labour MPs in voting for Theresa May’s dire Brexit dealOr should I say 45 “soon to be ex” Labour MPs#RedTories 
It's now 2 years since the Brexit vote, and we can tell what the Treasury's much-maligned short-term forecast got right. 1/  
SNP Euro politicians revealed as Scotland’s ‘laziest’ – despite party’s anti-Brexit stance – The Scottish Sun  
Guy Verhofstadt - "Progress on the #Brexit negotiations can be 90%, 95% or even 99%, but as long as there is no solution for the Irish border, as long as the Good Friday agreement is not fully secured, for us in our Parliament progress is 0%"#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
#Brexit is about a lying, cheating gang of rich bastards who will use any trick and cause any amount of suffering in order to slash their tax bills and tear up health, safety, environmental and workplace regulations which eat into their profits. 
Here’s your chance to convince an ardent Remain voter like me (and many others) that Brexit has tangible benefits (sovereignty & control don’t count) & isn’t simply a pigheaded refusal to accept evidence, expert opinion & genuine concerns. How can that be a waste of time? 
The sad thing is that the more you brexit the more we, Europeans, want you to get out of our union. 
DELAY: EU’s Donald Tusk says it was Theresa May who mentioned possibility of extending ‘status quo’ transition period. This is beyond a joke now. Public voted Brexit in 2016. This plan won’t see change until the 2020s! 
Andrew Bridgen MP on @adamboultonSKY claiming Ireland would rapidly quit the EU after #Brexit to get wonderful trade deals like the UK. Why would Ireland give up deals won through the EU's immense bargaining power for the much worse deals it could obtain?#PeoplesVote 
European Parliament Brexit negotiator: progress is 0%  
Brexit hypocrisy - example 4,567650k people - 'an overwhelming majority'700k+ people - 'just some people out for a walk'Anyone else think the latest #Brexit 'plan' is to turn us all slowly fucking insane? #BrexitMadness #PeoplesVoteNow 
It’s like someone is trying to brainwash cabinet members with #Brexit scare stories. I wonder who?  
Brexit is not a battle between Leavers and Remainers. It is a battle between the Establishment and the people. The Establishment want to control every aspect of our lives whereas people want the freedom to speak and live as they wish. 
**statement** 24.10.18@andrewrosindell claims he was surrounded by a mob at the #PeoplesVoteMarch - He is lying.1 person asked him about brexit as he was 20m from his office and I was taking picsDo you have pics showing you were mobbed #andrewrosindell ? Show them. Sorted 
.@eucopresident Donald Tusk reveals it was @theresa_may who asked for an extension to the #Brexit transition period says @Nigel_Farage. More on @LBC tonight from 6pm #FarageOnLBC 
Got my screenshot, just in case we have another referendum and the oil runs out again.  
Remainers telling people who voted Brexit that “no one knew what they were voting for’ I knew that Brexit meant a clean break from the EU and everything that came with it. I knew that we had one vote on this and that it would be one vote only. 
A 29 March approaches, expect the government to kick Brexit further into the distance.The Times reports the prospect of a “long-running” multi-year transition period on a “rolling” basis with an “annual decision point."We will never be ready for this national self-immolation 
This report by the government's own watchdog, the National Audit Office, can be summed up as "the prime minister's failure to properly prepare for a no-deal Brexit has obliterated her own claim that no deal is better than a bad deal"  
This is yet another shocking example of what, as Peter @AcademyOfRock Brexit is becoming normalising in Britain.  We cannot be silent!  We must defend the #values #principles and country so many of us hold dear.  Warmest wishes to you Peter for your strength and integrity 
Dear Europe, make sure you stock up on popcorn and tune in at 00.01 on 30 March 2019 for the ultimate disaster movie, Brexit: We Told You So but You Labelled It #ProjectFear And Told Us We Were Scaremongering Remoaners (can someone come up with a more catchy title please?). 
Me on #skypapers last night on the latest “queues at Calais” #Brexit claim.  
Enough is enough! We must deliver on our promises and not kick Brexit into the long grass.#ChuckChequers #StandUp4Brexit #TimeForANewConservativePM @Telegraph @christopherhope 
This is too cheerful. This will all happen then get pinned on remain and the “establishment” for sabotaging a “proper” Brexit.  
Trade is the chief instrument of global poverty reduction. Brexit will allow Britain to have comprehensive free trade agreements with developing countries. Today, in Nairobi, @IFTtweets launches its proposal for an ambitious UK-East Africa trade accord. 
How about ‘The SNP have offered to help the Scottish Conservatives if they drop their opposition to independence, end austerity, drop plans to give tax cuts to the wealthiest in society and halt their disastrous Brexit’......  
I am astonished. This is a clear attempt to shift responsibility and blame on to *patients* if they run out of meds because our government can't deliver an orderly Brexit.Press the pause button now, @theresa_may. Give yourself time to do it properly. No-one voted for this. 
‘No Deal’ Brexit ain’t gonna happen. .@Theresa_May’s ‘Bad Deal’ Brexit must not happen. ALL @UKLabour MPs should work to bring down this Government and call for a General Election.Labour can take over negotiations, extend A50, & keep ALL options (incl. remain) on the table. 
Shocked to read this & glad you are ok. I hope your attackers have been charged. The political debate & media rhetoric over Brexit is making Britain a no go area for non whites, non British & non pro Brexit t-shirt wearers. Worrying times I never thought to see here. 
Backstop is "no threat" to constitutional status of N Ireland, Brexit sel comm hears. Queen's Katy Hayward explains: "there will be no change to the constitutional status of N I unless the majority in NI vote for it to be changed in a referendum and a majority in RoI also" 
UKIP’s attendance at EU parliament rockets... as they debate their post-Brexit entitlements  
Forget Brexit for a bit, Italy is place to watch.If Rome refuses to budge on budget & Commission might consider opening an "excessive deficit procedure" against Italian government, an untended consequence might be more support for national government among Italian public.  
The state of this. Syed Kamall MEP represents the UK Government. What he says (did) carry weight.He calls Nazism “left-wing” and equates it to socialism.The crassness, insults and ineptitude of it. Our reputation!Brexit is failing and this desperation is all that’s left.  
Um, you’ll need to have a referendum first - the seven year term is enshrined in the constitution!  
Despite the pathetic & somewhat unpleasant tweets over the last 48 hrs, I will reiterate that my vote is not yours to take for granted, you have to #EarnMyVote. It is contingent on #Brexit & supporting a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain. Insults & intimidation don't work. 
New Zealand is on the road to follow Canada. Strong support for legalising and regulating cannabis, and a referendum on it promised by the Prime Minister - though no date yet 
Suggest Jeremy and Richard and every Labour member high on euphoria donate two days pay to the women about to lose theirs. (We await Jeremy’s explanation of what happens to their income after Brexit)  
Government 'may be forced to operate own ferries' to stop UK running out of food after Brexit - follow live updates  
‘David Lidington, Mrs May’s de facto deputy, briefed the cabinet that under a no-deal Brexit, the Dover-Calais route could be running at only 12-25% of its normal capacity for up to 6 months.’No-one, absolutely no-one, voted for this.#PeoplesVote 
Madness to say we have to jump off cliff just 'cos some believed the bastards who promised us we'd be able to fly. Referendum was so flawed and corrupt it's not undemocratic to have a proper one now.I agree the remain campaign was shit BTW. 
A #Brexit deal can be reached as it’s in the mutual interest, but one last push on #citizensrights will help: an offer of unlimited onward movement for UK citizens in EU27, in exchange for lifelong return to the UK for EU citizens. I know the UK could agree, so let’s deliver it. 
Aston Martin boss vows Britain's car trade will BENEFIT from No Deal Brexit and shrugs off scare warnings  
Friends! It gets worse!A survey of 97% of Our Climate Scientists at the Al Gore Institute Of Inconvenient Lies found 117% of them believed a Hard Brexit would be very bad for Our Climate Change.And 129% of them said they didn't vote to be poorer, i.e. lose Our EU's funding.  
Our indolent, Brexit-obsessed, lame Transport Secretary has finally woken up to the fact that there might be a few problems at Dover post #BrexitAward for slowest learner?#PeoplesVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Progress on the #Brexit negotiations can be 90%, 95% or even 99%, but as long as there is no solution for the Irish border, as long as the Good Friday agreement is not fully secured, for us in our Parliament progress is 0%. 
My attempt to encourage a debate on a route to an authentic honest Brexit and breaking the log jam.  
Attacked by 7 Brexiteers for wearing a stop Brexit t-shirt ... broken nose, loads of blood but no broken spirit.  This is what the Daily Express, Sun and Mail have normalised @enablinguk @mrjamesob @J_amesp @guyverhofstadt @WernerT_Man @thatginamiller#Brexit #endthechaos 
SHOCKING: Patients should consider stockpiling their own medicine supplies before Brexit because there isn't enough infrastructure for companies to do it, says the British pharmaceutical industry. 
The gov't said it had seen no "successful" evidence of Russian interference. What does that even mean?? The gov't won't say. Nor will it confirm what NCA or intel services doing. (Or not) Even though parliament's own report says it has no idea where £ that funded Brexit came from  
Udo Bullman MEP - Last Saturday, 700,000 people marched in London to demand a #PeoplesVote. The British people deserve a #FinalSay on their future once they've seen the consequences of the #brexit divorce... this is my firm belief.#FBPE 
Nigel Farage says parts of UK civil service have become “the enemy within” in Brexit talks. The ex Perm Secs in the Lords won’t like that! 
Daily Briefing:- Theresa May to address Conservative Party lawmakers on #Brexit strategy- NATO briefing in focus amid U.S. plans to quit arms control pact - Italian PM Giuseppe Conte meets Vladimir Putin in MoscowCatch up on the headlines:  
British voters deserve a fresh referendum on Brexit deal, leader of EU socialists says #FinalSay 
AWFUL: The Times have deliberately edited a letter sent to them by Veterans for Britain, to make it seem as if they are calling for this so-called 'People's Vote'. When, in fact, the original letter sent by VfB to The Times makes it CLEAR they are referring to the 2016 referendum  
Even gloomier take: Brexit will happen, it will be a disaster, and nothing will ever convince those who voted for it that the mess is their fault not that of Remainers/the EU/Theresa May/the media/the courts/Ireland.  
Britain has left it too late to prepare its borders for a no-deal Brexit, which would be a gift for organised criminals and chaotic for traders, the UK’s spending watchdog warns Theresa May today  
The leading lights of Brexit - who won’t even invest in the disaster they’re planning on leaving behind.They’ve made fools of all the Leave voters. The remaining Leave supporters are just making fools out of themselves.Time for a #PeoplesVote. 
Northern Ireland was always going to be impossible. You KNEW THAT. Yet you pushed on with a flawed Brexit anyway. And your only plan was always going to be to blame the EU. Totally irresponsible. I was born in Belfast. Grew up in the troubles. #Brexit threatens our peace 
And that children is how Brexit happened. Corbyn is also praying for this so he can sit on his hands and blame them.  
Devastating takedown of this from a subsequent speaker: “Are you so alone on your island you don’t understand history?” This matters because the Parliament is also debating the lack of progress in brexit negotiations and he’s just trashed such goodwill as there was.  
GRAYLING: PM says I'm in charge of this! How exciting!CIV SERVANT: Right well we'll need ferries andGRAYLING: I think we need to be more digital!CIV SERVANT: Sorry what?GRAYLING: Like 'digital railway'SPAD: GREAT idea Minister!GRAYLING: We can call it Dunkirk 2.0 /1#brexit  
Maybe the way to sort Brexit is not to raise concerns on trifling issues like  Food and Medicine, but tell Tory Toffs no Beaujolais Nouveau after Brexit!!   
Brexit latest:  
I know Brexit shouldn’t be approached with flippancy, but this is a marvellous sign.  
I see we've reached the pencils-up-nose, pants-on-head stage of Brexit. #Wibble 
50 MPs have now pledged to vote down #chequers. But  #labour to the #tory rescue! Doncaster MP Caroline Flint claims to 45 Labour MPs could rebel to back Theresa May's Brexit deal  to make their constituents poorer.  
Germany will have to stump up an extra £13.2billion-a-year to the EU budget after Brexit to cover UK contribution  
Imagine if the media gave even 1% as much coverage to the Sixth Mass Extinction as they do to Brexit. Ever get the feeling society is collectively looking through the wrong end of the telescope? 
There is nothing in yesterday’s no deal Brexit news which I haven’t been writing about for two years or which isn’t covered in #TheFall podcast I do with @GuyDorrellEsq 
The Queen speaks publicly about Brexit for FIRST TIME - ‘Our GREATEST asset’  Soros and May are not going to like this one little bit.  
Very good description from @InFactsOrg 'James Dyson, Brexit-backing hot air magnate, has decided to produce his new electric vehicles in Singapore.' 
Despicable front page. Pretending to stick up for democracy, while presenting Brexit voters -- the majority -- as old, red-faced, blue-rinse loons. The New European is the most bigoted newspaper in Britain.  
In the event of a no-deal Brexit, and to allay Project Fear, the government has published this detailed, instructive advice for citizens. "Remember: Leaving the EU will be as easy as 1-2-3!"  #NoDealBrexit #Brexit  
Eventually people might need to stop focusing on Corbyn as the focal point of Labour. Remainers would do well to pay attention to this, these are the ppl most likely to guarantee a Brexit  
This is utterly unacceptable , especially given what we know. Now about the #Brexit referendum funding.  Facebook should say what it knows and the donor and the organisation should be subject to normal public scrutiny.  
The likes of James Dyson and Jacob Rees-Mogg are taking precautions to protect their business interests from what they know will be the catastrophe of Brexit whilst championing it for the little people and idiots STILL call them patriots I give up. 
Remainers are peaceloving.  That is what the EU is all about: cooperation, fairness, understanding and peace making.  Brexit Britain will be the exact opposite, as thugs take over our country. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Imagine. A government running lorry ferries. It’s clear: any Brexit will be miserable for the country. That’s why a @peoplesvote_uk is now the only way forward. #PeoplesVote 
One of the interesting side-shows during the Brexit process is to watch journalists suddenly surface "new facts" and "scoops" that anyone reading deep into the preparedness documents (UK *and* EU), Government select committee reports etc. has known for ages. 
MADNESS: New Brexit plan could keep UK in transition period for years to come. Britain would be under EU control without any say.  
It’ll hurt us proportionately more because we are far smaller. And they will still have 26 other countries with which to trade. While we will have none. Brexit is the essence of selfishness and we will get our just desserts if we carry on with this madcap escapade. 
Today’s NAO report highlights yet again why preparations for a no deal Brexit with the EU should have started the day after the Brexit vote. I have long argued that Britain needs to be ready on day one for every eventuality - deal or no deal 1/2  
The King of the Netherlands & The Queen spoke about Brexit in their speeches yesterday for the state visit. They were of course diplomatic & guarded, but the significant thing is the tone of ‘let’s pretend’ damage limitation which characterised them both 
I am at Heathrow, traveling for work as I do several times a year. A thread on what this will mean for people who travel frequently post-Brexit. Right now, I have two kinds of travel: relatively stress-free and not stress-free. Post-brexit, the stress will increase. 1/ 
Rebecca Sheeran of the national audit office on border security following Brexit on #r4today "any weaknesses or gaps ... could quickly be exploited by organised criminals".This is a deriliction of the government's first duty: to keep the British public safe. 
PM's  Brexit plan could leave Britain in a “long-running” multi-year transition period despite her promise that it would last only a few months, according to leaked cabinet papers.  
Just think of the news reports- cameras at the doors of the factory it's been announced will close. "So you voted for Brexit and now you've been laid off, do you feel betrayed?"Back in the studio. "So Boris, did you pick the right article for the Telegraph?" Repeat for 5 years 
Data for  electronic customs checks will not be ready by Brexit date says former head of UK Border force Tony Smith @BBCr4today 
Next thing they’re going to blame F for restoring borders into EU, the very reason they voted Brexit for: RESTORE BORDERS! They kept claiming before referendum there weren’t borders to enter EU. Well there were borders all this time and they’re about to feel them. 
I don’t need to be proved right for voting Remain. I’d rather people kept their jobs. If that means a soft Brexit which no one likes & which makes everything worse, but gradually: that’s probably better than the cliff edge. Though the consequences of either could be bad. 
It's not the EU holding up a Brexit deal, it's civil servants like Olly Robbins, says Nigel Farage.  
Tory MP saying on Good Morning Scotland, Theresa May has to find a deal that will "get through the Commons" ...this is how far Brexit ambition has fallen for Tories ... "National" interest - as the call it, vanished...oh nationalised ferries for food and medicine too. 
What’s interesting - and new -  is that it’s a Conservative minister calling this out in his own party. Yet, only yesterday the government refused to respond to calls from parliament’s @commonscms committee to investigate Russian money & influence in referendum.  
Whatever the  #Brexit warning however well sourced or authoritative leavers will dismiss it as #ProjectFear. They remind me of people who have invested their life savings in a ponzi scheme reacting to accurate financial of the funds true solvency 
Brexit: UK 'could need to charter ships' to bring in food and other essential supplies. ‘The sunlit uplands’  
In Europarl listening to Tusk talking about the state of Brexit. He says it was the U.K. side asking for more time. 
It's too late to prepare UK borders for no-deal Brexit, National Audit Office warns Theresa May  
Over 25000 have now signed this Brexiteer petition so far.Please sign and share.Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
Post #Brexit feeble excuse kit:It would have been a huge success if:1. The EU hadn’t been determined to punish us;2. Traitorous Remoaners had got behind it;3. Lazy businesses had adapted;4. May had been a leaver;5. Everyone believed harder;6. Grayling had been in charge 
They made sure they didn’t write this on a bus during the referendum. Have you read this car workers? You’re being sold down the Brexit river...you’re dispensable.  
Is Project Fear actually real concerns about serious border issues in the event of no deal, or just scaremongering by those trying to thwart Brexit? 
Theresa May is approaching Brexit as if the losing side won the referendum. My latest piece for Brexit Central   
Exactly. People in the media are bored of Brexit. So they've gotten lazy. They don't explain the terms they use. Why do you think I explain things over and over again? Because you have to if you want it to become common knowledge.  
Project Fear Mk1:-Instant recession: No recession-Unemployment  at least 500k. Unemployment by 500k- Calais Jungle  England. It shut down - Scotland leaves the UK. No increase in support for independence If you believe Project Fear Mk2 you're an idiot #Brexit  
Followers, in a democracy, because a majority vote for something doesn’t mean you must change your mind & support them. Maybe you think on reflection they were right; but on Brexit, the narrow majority view of 2016 was definitely wrong, IMHODemocracy is not fascism with votes 
*gloom*I tend to agree with David. There won't be a second vote, Brexit will happen, it will be a massive clusterfuck. The only silver lining is that we will be able to say "we told you so" to the wreckers for the next three decades, which is scant comfort.  
Officials pretending there isn't a lack of people to pick fruit & hoping to invent strawberry picking machine. #Brexit not going well in #Herefordshire Cllr says "But we've got to be positive haven't we?" NO!Let's  #PeoplesVote @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove @RemainingKind 
Rats abandoning the sinking Brexit ship:•James Dyson’s building his new cars in Singapore• Nigel Lawson’s seeking residency in France• Jacob Rees-Mogg has moved some business interests to Ireland• John Redwood has urged clients to move their money into the EU#r4today 
Whitehall will not have the staff, infrastructure or systems in place to protect and police the UK’s land and sea border with the European Union in a no-deal Brexit, officials have admitted 
So May is meeting with the 1922 committee tonight. They would do well to remember that the electorate are not stupid & can smell a stitch up a mile away... if you don't want your party annihilated via the ballot box ditch May & deliver a proper Brexit. 
If it weren’t all so momentous, the unfolding chaos of Brexit would be almost comical: a farce in the high British style.  
And if the Brexit vote has shown us anything it's that the British people put too much trust in there Democratic system. If democracy really worked we'd be out already  
Political squabbling means UK border will not be ready for no-deal Brexit, spending watchdog warns. Easier just to cancel the whole thing! via @PoliticsHome 
UK readies flotilla plan for supplies in no-deal Brexit  via @financialtimes 
A Brexit story in two parts  
France 'will throw trade into chaos by blocking Calais after Brexit'Works both ways!Spoilt little boy, no wonder we want to Leave EU bully Boys!  
British negotiators tell Brussels that European Court of Justice 'will get final say' on Brexit legal disputesAnother promise broken. Everyday, May gives something else away. I’m no longer shocked.#ChuckMay #BinTheBackstop  
Dear Journos, do give a little attention to explaining the Treaty of Le Touquet which allows juxtaposed immigration controls. This allows passport control on embarkation. Customs control, on the other hand, happens on disembarkation.With No Deal Brexit, the UK drops out of ... 
With this Govt not working for the Brexit we voted for would you be prepared to march to uphold your Democratic rights.Or are you happy with the progress madePlease RT and RT 
Kate Andrews of the IEA writesNO ONE wants ANOTHER year of Brexit transition – EXCEPT the EU"A third year of transition is an excuse for LACK of PROGRESS, and creates more opportunities for both sides to STALL the process"  via @CityAM 
Britain may be required to charter ships to bring in supplies in the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit  
#WednesdayWisdomBrits go into meltdown if Facebook is down yet Brexshitters claim all will be fine if medicines, foods and industrial components are stuck in France while our motorways become a giant lorry and car park in the event of a hard Brexit. 
Saudi Bus Bomber May Brexit Crowdfunded Dunkirk Tory Flotilla bringing infected meats from Donald the Orange Balloon. Doomsday Zombie Economy Theresa the Weasel the leader of the Evil Immoral Corrupt Cretinous Conservative Party!!   
Up to 45 Labour MPs could rebel to back Theresa May's Brexit deal if it is “reasonable”, Don Valley MP Caroline Flint tells me 
Remainers are maj of UKRemainers are maj of MPsHow then is the Gov able to force Brexit on us against our will?What punishment should the perpetrators and enablers receive?You can't use the discredited Ref as a just following orders mantraMPs you own national disaster 
My pledge1/ I will never vote for a party which supports #Brexit or "respects" the insult to democracy that is the 2016 ref.2/ I will hold all future governments responsible for holding to account the people who weaponised nationalism, lied and broke the law to cause this. 
James Dyson was a leading voice for Brexit. So James O'Brien wonders why he's building his company's new car in Singapore, who just signed a trade deal with... the EU.  
"Theresa May’s Brexit plan could leave Britain in a “long-running” multi-year transition period despite her promise that it would last only a few months, according to leaked cabinet papers seen by The Times."  
Ferry companies advised on emergency food and medical supplies with the NAO warning about criminal gangs is just another normal day in the mad world that is Brexit 
"The UK government has told the House of Commons that it has “not seen evidence of successful use of disinformation by foreign actors, including Russia, to influence UK democratic processes”, which without doubt includes the #Brexit referendum."  
Britain's ability to deal with threats to animals and plants could be "seriously compromised" by a no-deal Brexit, a Lords committee has said.  
Where once we planned mass Channel boat activity to defeat the Nazis, now we are doing so to ensure food and medicine supplies continue post Brexit - this time not with Churchill in charge, but Chris Grayling. When will the madness stop? @peoplesvote_uk  
U.K. will pay price of BBC editorial policy on Brexit  
.@jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP @EmilyThornberry @Keir_Starmer @DamianCollins Given the role of dirty money in the referendum, is this not something that you should be exposing/condemning/outlawing cc @nick_clegg 
It's not too late to save Brexit, if only the PM would abandon her bunker and start listening 
More concerned about Climate Change and getting the Tories out than Brexit...Climate change is much bigger and the only chance we have of getting our country back, whether in or out of the EU is to #GTTO and vote #JC4PM . It's quite simple.... 
Brexit WARNING: France threatens to BLOCK Calais unless UK pays £39billion divorce bill  
Most Brexiteers would have scoffed at me if during EU Referendum campaign I'd dared suggest such a scenario were remotely possible. It's now reportedly a government contingency plan. #PeoplesVote #C4PV Extraordinarily state of affairs & what a Brexit shambles.  
FT: "Plan for ships to bring in emergency supplies in event of no-deal #Brexit".@ajcdeane gives this the short shrift it deserves.#SkyPapers 
In the event of a hard Brexit and Britain having to charter ships to import food, how many days do you think will pass before the first food riots and the government collapsing? 
James Dyson choosing to locate his car factory in Singapore because it needs to be close to supply chains and customers is very telling.Particularly as he was saying last week NoDeal Brexit was irrelevant to manufacturing costs for Uk car supply chains  
Of course. Just like your govt was committed to dealing with the “burning injustices” in this country. If, as PM, you really wanted to do something in the national interest, allow @metpoliceuk to begin the criminal investigation into pro-leave groups & Brexit referendum.  
Some ministers reportedly reacted in disbelief when told that under a no-deal Brexit, Britain's government plans to charter ships to bring in medicines and food  
Having the referendum losers dictate the Government’s Brexit policy spells trouble, writes @oflynnmep 
UK 'will pay the price' of no-deal Brexit  
Fast food take aways have been hitting the highstreet in record numbers across the country in recent years as House of Fraser, John Lewis & even Poundworld have struggled to soldier on.Tory Brexit Britain in 2018 is a ship with no captain, just capitalism for the 1% rich. 
You haven't read Labours Brexit Manifesto have you? You're just repeating verbatim what everyone with the FBPE # say. Corbyn campaigned for remain more than any other MP. Believe what you like. I'm more worried about climate change and the Tories staying in power much longer   
Brexit Wednesday. Another day of disruption and division thanks to that unnecessary referendum. It has served to split our lovely country and has set us against each other like nothing before. Does anyone see an end to it? We can't afford to let this go on much longer #BrexitHell 
A  host of measures to prepare the UK border for Brexit may not be ready for a no-deal scenario  
One thing that hasn't changed from the 2016 Referendum is the sneering from the political elite. Over 17million people voted 'Leave' not all are "Gammon" or "Far-Right" which is now the go to insults from the 'Left' when someone dares to disagree with you. 
Brexit is 3761 hours away. #brexit 
It’s so utterly ridiculous: we’re IN the CU (and SM) - we helped create them - we help to run them - & now we’re being ‘offered’ a Brexit place in them on “pay & no say” terms! - “Pound jumps on report EU may offer Britain UK-wide customs union” - Reuters  
Anyone listening to this CLOWN . Everyday project fear banging on about Brexit and the People’s Vote. LAMMY does about 5 or 6 tweets everyday saying the same thing. Get it through your thick skull. 17.4 million voted leave the EU  FFS. Seen that Policeman yet looking for.  
How Brexiteers are trying to escape the cost of Brexit - New Statesman  
Oops ...It's too late to prepare UK borders for no-deal Brexit, National Audit Office warns Theresa May  
With the Amendment 1 referendum on the ballot in Nashville, you have a chance to use your vote to make a difference. Simply put, we need you.  Vote FOR Amendment 1 to establish a…  
“Poll after poll shows opinion has turned against Brexit with most constituencies now showing a majority for Remain.” @openDemcracyUK 
BBC starts the day with warnings of Brexit Channel Chaos,Border Queues,People Smuggling and huge Lorry Parks.Well Mrs May.You told us you were up to the job.Now it’s excuses for stringing this out!We will take your “No Deal” as Promised!The People Will Sort this Mess Out! 
Queen looks to 'new partnership' with Europe after Brexit  
The midterms aren’t just a referendum on which direction the country will go. They’re also a test of where the limits of decency and shamelessness are drawn.  
#NewProfilePic!Help modernize our archaic, 200yr old voting systems by supporting ProRep in this month's mail-in referendum. Vote 'YES' for proportional voting!#pr4bc #bcpoli #Kamloops 
It has become an article of faith among the proponents of the People’s Vote that what absolutely nobody wanted from Brexit was the current state of affairs:  
THERE'S little evidence that our society has developed the habit of sober reflection in public discourse. We prefer quick reactions and sound bytes. I wouldn't be surprised if referendum debate faded away like a witch in the dark. 
Well, well. People are being paid to spread anti-Brexit tweets. Wonder if this “democracy for sale” stance will annoy Remainers?   
Here’s a recap of last week’s EOS Alliance Constitution Referendum calls, just in time before we start the new round. @eosalliance1 @YBNormlJapan 
UK border 'not ready for no-deal Brexit' - report  
The Queen has had her say on Brexit - and Theresa May was there to witness it 
#FinalSayForAllI thought election laws were there to protect our, elections, referenda and democracy. If the is no penalty for breaking them, what's the point?The culprits should be fined. The result null and void and another referendum held. That's democracy. 
I doorstepped for Labour. The policy was ‘constructive ambiguity’. I was told «if you’re speaking to a Leaver, say Jeremy respects the referendum.  If you’re speaking to a Remainer, say our MP backs Remain ». Ugly politics, but it stopped a Tory majority government. 
Tommy Robinson is a symptom of a far deeper malaise#Brexit #TommyRobinson 
B.C.’s referendum on electoral reform is underway.If you’re still confused about proportional representation, check out our five-minute video explainer on the three proposed systems. #bcpoli 
The British columnists complaining about press bias were seemingly fully in favour of it during Scotland's independence referendum in 2014. 
Look at Corbyn’s posturing on post-Brexit immigration: basically he’s playing to the English working-class in an effort to steal UKIP and Tory votes. 
EU rules still 'essential' for UK's farmers after Brexit  
#ONLF spokesperson Cadaani confirmed referendum of secession is part of the agreement reached with #Ethiopia. #Somalis have struggled for decades to reach this pivotal moment. It is up to each and every one of us to mobilise our people and vote to SECEDE! #SomaliGalbeed #Somalia 
Dyson picked Singapore over the UK for its first foray from vacuums to electric cars. The company's founder is a Brexit supporter — but the move shouldn't come as a massive surprise.  
Secretly?Must be bloody joking..this has been obvious since Corbyn helped May invoke A50 w/o due diligence...It's why he may well not win the election. Millions of us will never vote for him or #Brexit backing Labour.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit: the realisation dawns - finally, it seems to be dawning on the dismal crew of politicians in our government that a "no deal" Brexit is not such a good idea after all... and they now want to hire ships...  #Brexinfo. 
First Past the Post is about fear. Being guilted into strategic voting every election. And a negative referendum campaign that assumes BC voters are naive enough to believe fearmongering.Proportional Representation is about hope for a better democracy. It's time. #PR4BC #bcpoli 
Der Spiegel has a wonderful article complaining of British arrogance and denouncing Brexit. It is also a wonderful example both of the inferiority complex Germans suffer from and their delusions about Europe.I fear that their future will be very different from the one they expect 
I think I'd prefer to forge a note that says "Stephen can't do Brexit today because he has a bad case of common sense, signed my Mum". I'd probably get away with it too, given the way things are... 
BC's referendum to elect a new voting system started yesterday and goes until Nov. 30th. Why do we want you to vote #ProRep? It's good for the environment, and communities too!    #bcpoli #PR4BC 
Latest scare in the FT. Britain is planning to bring in supplies of food and medicine by ship in the case of a no deal Brexit. (Spoiler: 95% of our trade is already done by ship.) 
That really wouldn't be a smart move,while I treat most manifesto promises with a pinch of salt, ignoring Brexit would ensure the next GE a new anti EU party will be getting plenty of votes. 
Things to worry about...1. Methane burst2. Insect holocaust3. Climate change etc4. Ocean chemistry5. 6th mass extinction6. Unsustainable agriculture7. Soil erosion8. Human population9. Nuclear war10. Deforestation11. Economic crash....31. Brexit 
London's popularity as #TechHub slumps ahead of #Brexit #fintech #insurtech #startup #VC @BarkowConsult @UrsBolt @andi_staub @horstwilmes @FrankJSchwab @Visible_Banking @natashakyp @jblefevre60 @FinMKTG @WFSULLIVAN3 @AntonioSelas @helene_wpli 
FTR I dislike referenda in our system. Politics should be about compromise. Referenda is zero-sum. A scorched-earth war. There's nothing unifying about referenda, whether voting system, Brexit, Newfoundland, Quebec etc. 
Mays political CV is on record. Not one position in any office she headed,  was without her totally screwing up. She's factually unemployable outsude a corrupt Parl. So being made PM was deliberately cynical.2019 will see the German jackboot take over the UK. - Brexit denied! ! 
Sad truth is...I am not laughing anymore. The stupidity and senseless stubbornness of the Brexit govt was funny until we started preparing for the frigging armageddon. ..food, meds shortages,  civil unrest etc. It's like we're preparing to go to war. ... with ourselves 
It's too late to prepare UK borders for no-deal Brexit, National Audit Office warns Theresa May  
Racist thuggish violent and hateful...these are what the boot boys of Brexit do. Incite hate,   demonise the other and make violence an acceptable tool in British political discourse.  
This is #Nigeria killing the Christians @UN @NkirukaNistoran @nlitvin @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @PutinRF_Eng @theresa_may @POTUS @FLOTUS @Amaka_Ekwo @netanyahu @WhiteHouseHstry give us #referendum date oooo please the killings in this zoo #Nigeria is too much oo 
Imagine that - FG TDs observed the democratic result of the referendum.  
Sorry my Twitter friends but I'm buggering off.To Peru.For 12 days of Nothing-to-do-with-#Brexit.Will bombard you with pics of Peru.And return as Chair of Salisbury for Europe.Keep up the fight for a #PeoplesVoteWe will win!Love and hugs to you all, Hxx 
Waiting for Brexit like  
Being punched by feral Brexiteers again ..  oh dear #Brexit@Anna_Soubry @ShehabKhan 
Theresa May’s Brexit plan could leave Britain in a “long-running” multi-year transition period despite her promise that it would last only a few months, according to leaked cabinet papers seen by The Times  
Science knows no borders! Hard Brexit could cripple UK science, say Nobel prizewinners  
I believe UK austerity contributed to the Brexit vote, but leaving the EU would worsen our ability to fund the welfare state.Blaming Italy’s problems on EU “ideology” misses the point by a mile and contributes to anti-EU sentiment whipped up by nationalists and xenophobes. 
And still more on science and the Brexit brain drain. Sir Paul Nurse telling Channel 4 that Rees-Mogg, Gove and Boris Johnson know nothing about science. 
It’s obvious that any Brexit is a monumental folly. The politicians either trying to make this happen or allowing it to happen without vigorously opposing it, are criminally liable. 
Brexit: UK could be forced to charter ships to bring in food and supplies in no-deal scenario, ministers warned - The Independent  
Why are people obsessed with positivity and self belief as a solution to Brexit. Believing or pretending its going to be great won’t actually make it great. 
Brexit could lead to security threat at border, says watchdog  
Arkansas was set to vote on term limits, but state Supreme Court invalidated that referendum (h/t @fightreality) (This also removes it from my cheatsheet ).Arkansas still features major referenda--voter ID, minimum wage. 
The whole notion of a "no deal" Brexit scenario is a recent one. If you look at Google Trends around the time of the referendum, nobody was searching for it. That's because neither camp, Leave or Remain, ever advanced it as a "plausible" Brexit scenario... 
Instead of suffering any awkwardness telling immigrants they need to fulfill some basic requirements, the U.K. decided to commit economic suicide instead. #Brexit 
From the day after Brexit.I guess this is one of the tweets Casey didn't tweet because he doesn't tweet.#rtept #aras18 
The Guardian view on the Daily Mail and Brexit: a very public shift | Editorial  
Read and weep Remainers.Aston Martin boss vows Britain's car trade will BENEFIT from No Deal Brexit and shrugs off scare warnings  
"A referendum on a United Ireland agus ag tabhairt guth láidir do muintir na Gaeltachta."That's what I want my legacy as Uachtarán to be." #Aras18 #LiadhForPresident #ANewIreland #RTEPT 
I have never felt so despondent about UK politics as I do now and I blame Cameron for that. He shld never have called a referendum. Having done so, he shld have run a positive campaign for Remain. My children and grandchildren will bear the consequences #Brexit #disaster 
Should be interesting if they do depose May. If a Brexiter takes over then he/she/it will be facing the exact same dilemmas or crash out without a deal - and either way will be carrying the can for a catastrophe. #Brexit 
Brexit’s unfolding chaos—high British style farce, featuring buffoonish Brexiteers insisting on the virtues of “sovereignty,” while the pound declines, grocery prices inflate, and chief executives look around for other cities to run their operations out of 
Our people. Good, honest people. The ones we chose to represent our community. 7 months in jail. Spain says it's because they are suspected of organizing a referendum. BUT LET'S BE CLEAR : THEY ARE IN JAIL FOR DARING TO STAND UP AGAINST SPAIN'S FASCIST INSTITUTIONS  
Theresa May’s arrogance triggers such a fundamental Brexit disaster, the UK media is covering for herBy @wrightismight Via @TheCanaryGlobal #Brexit 
People can see that putting the country first means stopping this Brexit nonsense. Forcing through an ideology that will weaken our not so 'United Kingdom' internationally and domestically is utter madness. It would still be ridiculous if there was a coherent roadmap. 
I voted for #BrexitPlease retweet if you agree#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BrexitBetrayal 
Let’s talk about the 29 Nobel Prizewinners’ letter & the Crick survey on Brexit & science.  
No Deal BrexitThe world will end if we don’t get a deal,The Sun will melt the Earth & all skin will peel,Water will evaporate & shall fall as acid,Strawberries will no longer be sweet instead they’ll taste rancid,The stars shall disappear,Listen closely to project fear. 
Nothing has changed only to say Leave resolve, strengthened by your refusal to accept a Democratic ballot.Police estimates near 130k and not the 700k you claim.I'd like to see you try and march in the north, the #Brexit heartlands.  
Still think that Brexit won't actually literally KILL people? 
“Brexit represents a real threat to the Good Friday Agreement. The Good Friday Agreement as the preamble says in that international treaty is set amongst EU membership, citizenship and about rights” .@ChrisHazzardSF speaking on #Spotlight tonight 
Peston you are better than this. Would you please try, for the next six months, given that we had a referendum, PLEASE put your county first? I voted remain but this sort of scare-drivel is below you and I read this thinking “please no, not him too”. Grow up, trade prevails. 
Suspected this for a while. And these botnets were harnessed by Putin (and @andywigmore by his own admission) to boost Brexit and Trump propaganda. Meanwhile they also reward all the fake news purveyors through fraudulent ad revenue  
How much longer will these Brexit politicians look us in the eye insisting that this is what we voted for, that this is someone else’s fault, that this is the start of a brave new world?They’ve been urged to stop and check. But no.As Parris said, ‘the anger will be terrible.’ 
“It’s based on that seismic feeling that they had been under-represented. It’s the same reason why people in your nation voted for Brexit.”Anthony Scaramucci on why people support Donald Trump@Scaramucci | #newsnight 
"I drafted legislation that helps safeguard the Good Friday Agreement in Brexit."I have the credentials to help protect our citizens." #Aras18 #LiadhForPresident #ANewIreland #RTEPT 
Any Brexit done via a premature Article 50 notification was going to fail.Preferably Brexit should have been done by treaty. Or if A50 required, five years at least of preparation.But we had grinning idiocy instead.And we still do. 
Yes we do Justin, you idiot, because we can compare the UK's performance before and after the referendum with the performance of other economies during the same periods of time.  
Seen this? May is systematically betraying Brexit and it is now time for those on Conservative benches to unseat her. No more rhetorical bleating @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Polls suggest most Mexicans favour completing the new airport. But the referendum-like vote may not reflect that  
Having watched the @Andrew_Adonis interview on LBC I downloaded the government's referendum leaflet - first 2 pages attached. There is of course no indication that the UK might leave the single market altogether, just not access it as an EU member. Please read rest of thread. 
The BBC's biased London News broadcasts a steady diet of anti-Brexit stories. Last week, why businesses could move to Paris; tonight stoking fears of a midwife shortage. Time to scrap the licence fee and close down this propaganda outfit.  
Remember brexitearsThis March was only 700k+The next March will be even bigger#PeoplesVoteMarch #peoplesvote#Brexit @TheNewEuropean 
This is beyond ridiculous. Brexit is a monumental act of self harm. 
2/ I protested that the will of the people would be impossible to thwart.This person said that Parliament and the Civil service would make sure that Brexit would never ever be allowed to take place that it didn’t matter what the people wanted.We need a No confidence motion now 
1/It’s getting really hard to Believe that the U.K. will ever Brexit or to be able to trust any Brexiteer MP.Sometime ago someone with close connections with the Tory Party told me that the U.K would never Brexit that everything had already been planned to keep us in the EU. 
Brexit entering the Schleswig-Holstein question phase of trying to get down to the last three people who still think they can follow what is going on.  
Your March will not make a blind but of difference to Brexit. And as your talking proof - show me the proof that there were 700, 000 on that March. Oh no you can’t can you . It’s just the March organisers said so!  
Remain is on the advance. The majority think Brexit is a mistake. Our movement is growing, the Brexit movement is shrinking. We lost the first battle to a Blitzkrieg attack, but now we are on the offensive and the Brexiters are losing ground every day.#PeoplesVote 
sorry to over generalise but if u voted no in the referendum then u can shite off talking about wellness and mental health idc what else u have done, ur morals r not correctly aligned and i do  not  trust  
Fuck Brexit.  
Brexit is fast becoming like the opening scenes of the 1949 Ealing Comedy 'Whisky Galore' - "There was no food and no medicines and we were all very sad!"   
Repealing a 2016 transgender discrimination law on the grounds framed in the Massachusetts referendum — steeped as it is in anti-transgender myths — would not only assert that transgender lives do not matter, but that they constitute a public threat.  
@BBCNews at 10. Reporting that prices of ewes are down because ...... their lambs will be born after Brexit. Farmers out there will forgive me. I've been warning that "no deal" will hit hard because of tariffs on lamb exports. It never occurred to my city brain when and why 
Wednesday's FT: "Plans for ships to bring emergency supplies In event of no-deal Brexit"  #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat) 
France threatens to shut Calais if we refuse to pay Brexit divorce bill  Massive collateral damage to northern France and Ireland. 
Brexit transition period could last for years, cabinet warned #TomorrowsPapersToday 
If you voted for Brexit, you did so for a reason. But now that all those reasons have been demolished - immigrants are not stealing your jobs, they are not disproportionately claiming benefits, the EU is not corrupt or failing, the UK is sovereign - why do you still want Brexit? 
Let’s do a poll!Should there be a second referendum on Brexit?PLEASE SHARE AND RETWEET FOR A BIGGER AUDIENCE! 
I have Brexit fatigue but I won’t stop opposing it. I hate David Cameron for doing this to me. I hate the government for persevering with it in the Face of all evidence it will damage our economy, our people and our union. 
Michael O'Leary is absolutely right & he is expressing a view that is widespread across Europe. Brexit is insane and will cause immeasurable damage to the UK for decades to come. And the majority in the UK are now very probably against Brexit. #Brexit is tyranny. #PeoplesVote 
Nothing more relaxing than Brexit, am I rite!?!?  
EXCLUSIVE** Times sees cabinet papers revealing next stage of brexit Plan** Brexit transition WILL last for years under TM’s Plan officials say. They warn of “long-running” multi-year transition** Plan A WILL involve NI in separate VAT area. Officials admit “uncomfortable”.  
RT to trigger a snowflake !!#Brexit  
BBC:’one issue that came up at cabinet was what’d happen to vital commodities inc medicines in event of no-deal Brexit.’ It’s just occurred? 
So many areas of UK that benefit from regional investment will lose out massively from #brexit, this massive one in Stirling is just one example.If you are concerned about your area and voted leave, know it's ok to change your mind. Be a #RemainerNow 
Without a timescale for "failure" this is not going to work. Brexiters will always be in control of the timescale and it will always expand. Quite literally Brexit can never been shown to fail because it will always be allowed more time to prove itself. 
People are telling us about removing the imperial president through referendum but go silent when we say that removing it requires removing the empire. It's as if they want the empire intact but with a different emperor.Empires come with emperors. Cut the empire. Tax the land.  
How long till we hear the usual ignorant “project fear” sound bytes? There’s no such thing as a good #Brexit but we need a deal to avoid the sheer chaos & disaster of a no deal; this can be achieved  
I'm a remainer & no fan of Italy's new far right gov, but an unelected EU body telling a sovereign country to redo their budget is not a good look. If we'd had an adult debate on issues like this & not written off leavers concerns, perhaps we wouldn't be in this #Brexit mess. 
It's not as clear-cut as Brexit, but people forget what Sept/Oct/Nov 16 was actually like and how skeptical the conventional wisdom was toward the idea Trump had any chance at all against Clinton. We got criticized whenever Trump drifted above about a 20% chance in our forecast. 
John Horgan is ducking for cover on a referendum debate. #PRDebate #bcpoli. Probably because it is flawed, breaks his own promise on it being a clear yes or no question. Time to be accountable. 
But it will always be because we did the wrong type of Brexit. "If they had done it my way we would be in the sunlit uplands by now" 
A reminder - Farage was calling for a 2nd referendum (a straight replay, not a vote on the final deal) if Remain won by 52%/48%, and Raab, Redwood and other Tories made it clear they would demand a 2nd referendum. They were not going to 'accept' the result. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
My own view is that Brexit will fail, and will be seen to fail, and that nothing less than this outcome will disabuse those who got the UK into this predicament.Only this outcome will finally discharge the poison the referendum "mandate" injected into the UK body politic. 
Excl: Cabinet told France could wreak massive damage on Britain’s economy by closing down Calais under a no deal Brexit. 
9 states have Medicaid exp. on the ballot in some form.“I don't think people have put it together. Election Day is the biggest referendum on ACA. These votes will also be a referendum on Trump policies, which have done everything they can to limit Medicaid and access to care."  
If not polling, then what do you look at? Certainly not pundit opinion, which has been massively wrong in cases where polling was mildly wrong (e.g. Brexit), and mildly wrong in cases where the polling was pretty good.  
A sad thread - small businesses closing because of Brexit. Our businesses are facing the same problems as many are based on UK markets and customers. Many others require freedom of movement. Still cannot see who benefits from Brexit other than the super rich.  
not saying the sunlit uplands don’t sound very sunlit but:“Britain is drawing up plans to charter ships to bring in food and medicines in event of a “no-deal” Brexit next March, in move greeted with disbelief at a stormy cabinet meeting on Tuesday....” 
What you voted for?Surely better to spend it on hospitals, schools, housing and other services?Well, speak out, be a #RemainerNowThe Government Is Spending Up To £40 Million On External Consultants To Deliver Brexit  
If I was a politician I’d rather take the consequences of dealing with some upset brexiteers than the perilous consequences of brexit. The upside of reversing brexit would be a huge boost to the economy, aside from the moral issue of promoting unity over division 
"Essentially Scotland’s two leading Conservatives are trying to stop Remain-voting Scotland getting a deal that protects it from the worst extremes of Brexit..." | Brexit has become incompatible with the Union  via @BizforScotland 
I try to avoid comment on Brexit, but the fact this is being considered in 21st Century UK is terrifying. I don't care about taking our country back - I do care about keeping the country I have.  
Seems to me a substantial part of it is about Labour trying to make mud stick to the SNP on the off chance the Brexit gonadery leads to a snap UK general election. 
I wouldn’t worry about the car plants post brexit not getting their parts -there won’t be any factories  - we’ll all be queueing up in Dover waiting for bags of rice to be lobbed Over the side of a poxy boat failing grayling has forcible taken from one of the two companies there. 
The Poll Tax was nothing by comparison with the costs that will be imposed on the British population by Brexit. The people spoke and stopped it. 
Brexiters are running scared of a #PeoplesVote. If they are so sure they have the majority on their side, why don't they enthusiastically support a vote to finally put us Remoaners in our place!#Brexit 
If you’re an MP and you’re pleased as Punch that you have a Wikipedia entry, you’re going to be somewhat dismayed when you find that the brunt of that entry is that you lost your seat after your part in the Brexit debacle of 2016-2019. #justsaying 
Fuck me. Sorry for the expletives.Cabinet finally wakes up to the fact that project fear, is not in fact made up. In reality, it is scarier than anything their tiny Brexit unicorn minds have had to contemplate.Wishing stuff away is no longer an option.  
“A new editor has abandoned the aggressive tone with which the Mail campaigned for Brexit. This reflects a change in the public mood” - is that possible? I hope so.  
It’s very easy to become frustrated with Brexit, why can’t people see what a disaster it is for the vast majority of ordinary people. I wonder sometimes whether it’s just me but then I attended the march on Saturday and realised I am in the majority. 
The Guardian view on the Daily Mail and Brexit: a very public shift | Editorial The shift at the Daily Mail could be very significant  & potentially very influential. 
"Shocked"? Why was the Cabinet shocked? What else do they think will happen if no arrangement is made with the nearest land mass?This nation...is an #island. #BrexitShambles#Brexit  
Firms urged to use other routes if no-deal #Brexit threatens vital drugs  
One complaint for blasphemy and hey presto a referendum. How many complaints, requests, petitions, demos for our water stay in State ownership? 
Today marks the 175,000,000th anniversary of the break up of Pangea after a referendum and protracted negotiations.  
You forgot the recently signed FTA with the EU,giving him opportunities to sell to the EU27 that he has helped to deny to many U.K. based manufacturers. Brexit is about very rich people making themselves richer and racism. Little else.  
PLEASE JUST STOP BREXIT and we can just get on with our lives as we used to, which wasn’t so terrible was it? It was bad enough to go through all this you Brexit voting bastards? You’ve taken away so many of our privileges and for what? For a fucking disaster. @David_Cameron 
I smell another referendum. There is nothing to fear as a brexiter. The vote will obviously be the same and we Remainers will just shut up or go away. Just maybe though, armed with facts, the result will reflect the educated will of the people. 
7 senior pro-Brexit ministers spoke out against a plan that could let Britain stay inside the EU's tariff regime indefinitely, sources say.Theresa May is understood to have reacted angrily, with what was described as her trademark "death stare": 
'The most sensible thing Theresa May can do on #Brexit is turn this ship around'  
Theresa May’s arrogance triggers such a fundamental Brexit disaster, the UK media is covering for herBy @wrightismight Via @TheCanaryGlobal 
Your daily reminder that continuing with Brexit is a choice.  
Where’ve they been for the last 2 years! Next you’ll tell us they haven’t read their own Govt’s impact assessments that show that even the softest Brexit (SM:CU) will make us less well off  
Today the cabinet learned no-deal Brexit could mean freight through Dover/Tunnel could fall 85% and we’d run out of vital goods, food/medicine. I have known this for months. Isn’t it about time the Government and all Mps pulled their heads out of their arses and payed attention 
As promised, here's that story on the rent control referendum in the current election. Advocates continue to push for rent control in the state legislature, framing it as a gender justice issue   
How many times do people need to be told it's not scaremongering? It's hard to accept those behind Brexit have lied to you, but the truth is they have.  
To London's one million EU citizens: you are Londoners, you are welcome here, and when it comes to Brexit we will always stand up for your rights. Good to speak about the huge contribution our EU friends, neighbours and colleagues make to our city at #PQT tonight. 
#Twitler-explaining why he calls himself a #nationalist: "..because I'm for my country. For example, take the EU. Very unfair. We want to get our medical equipment in there. We have great equipment and they're not fair. We want to do medical."#NHS#Brexit 
I fully expected that right about now brexit would start to fall apart and lots of people would be incredulous about medical stockpiling etc and that there would be a big push against no deal.What I didn't expect was it to somehow be Labour's fault. 
Mysteriously, on the other side of this 2,500 y/o ancient Greek vessel it reads:"BREXIT WITHDRAWAL AGREEMENT 95% COMPLETE", T May.  #BrexitChaos #shipwreck 
After Brexit, the Great British Bake Off will be filmed in Singapore #GBBO 
Twenty-nine Nobel laureates, six of the world’s top mathematicians, and the biggest biomedical research lab in Europe are all warning about the potential Brexit brain drain.Watch @siobhankennedy4's report here: 
Everybody in every industry wants a brexit exemption.  Which does raise an interesting question .... 
With the government chartering ships to bring in emergency food and medical supplies to prepare for  the no deal #Brexit that every leave voter knew they were voting for  its time to start making preparations so people  #whatsinyourstockpile 
"Most of the Labour Party's new members are middle class degree-holding professionals who often live in London, well away from Labour's historic working-class bastions where large majorities backed Brexit" 
‘What would Britain look like after a no‑deal Brexit?’: very poor writing here. UK will NOT be ‘blocked’ or ‘locked out’ of EU-led mechanisms. The UK will have blocked & locked itself out, by refusing to accept the competence of the EU Court of Justice.  
i maintain that theresa may is our best hope of stopping Brexit, as far as tory leaders go; who else could replace her that would be LESS Brexity?? unless Boris rides in to save Britain with another Brexit U-turn but i don't think he's convinced of that being the way to No10 yet!  
This is so gloriously horrendous it should be shared very far and very wide....... 
#GBBO theoryRahul is Brexit in human form... Most people were behind him at first...but then he just depressed everyone...  
As you know I just hate to bust the Brexit fun balloon, but where are all the spare boats coming from for the food flotilla?Asking for the people who enjoy eating every day... 
406 MPs represent leave constituencies and only 50 standing up for Brexit?Big disconnect there.Brexiteers should rightly be outraged over these figures. 
I feel it's my duty to keep tweeting about this Brexit shitshow (I don't want to) because I think some people just don't believe it. Put simply, ditching the entire regulatory and legal framework with your 27 nearest neighbouring countries results in a non-trivial cock-up.  
Matt Hancock the blank made few friends when grilled over the NHS and Brexit  
Peter Brookes on Theresa May and Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
How many people who voted Brexit had any idea that they or members of their family could end up without medicines, and might die because they don't have them. This is not project fear, it is now a real possibility because brexiters have not been honest. 
James Dyson's post-Brexit globalism: design cars in the UK, build them in Asia and sell them all over the world 
Am I the only one to think this Brexit business is all blowing up now? 
Great video from ⁦@doubleblindsci⁩ on the #pr4bc referendum. I encourage all British Columbians to seek out factual information and vote before Nov. 30. #bcpoli 
UKIP MEPs making sure there is a Brexit Dividend ...  
Why Jeremy Corbyn went to a meeting about Chile rather than attending the second referendum march  
He's in the Remain camp precisely because he knows the catastrophic implications on trade of any form of Brexit. 
Exactly. I think @Peston should interview @JasonJHunter on @itvpeston  for an unbiased expert view of the trade disaster that is #Brexit 
Dear Tory Party. You are behaving selfishly. Can you quit the quarrels and concentrate on the mess you got us into that is Brexit. 
The Brexit elite want to take away your rights to travel, live, work or retire across Europe.Meanwhile, they’re making sure they can still live or do business wherever they like.Brexit is one rule for the rich, another for the rest of us.Back a #PeoplesVote to #Remain. 
Theresa May loses control over the warring factions in the government as the cabinet descends into open conflict over Brexit  
The cabinet is seriously discussing the risk of us running out of food and medicine after Brexit.Nobody voted for this. Jobs and even lives are being put at risk.Write to your MP and demand a #PeoplesVote. 
If any leave voter saw this as a possible consequence of their vote I would be amazed.If you voted leave ask yourself is brexit worth it?If the answer is no, know you are not alone. More and more leave voters speak out as #RemainerNowevery day. Join! 
Quite extraordinary. The idea that this absurd man has inflicted Brexit upon this country whilst walking away with a financial package like this makes me more angry than I can say. It’s absolutely outrageous.  
BRISTOL WEST! Please sign @OFOCBrexit petition to tell our University's MP, Thangham Debbonaire, that young people demand a People's Vote on Brexit. The next few weeks are crucial, so GET INVOLVED- before it's too late!#ourfuturetheirchoice 
50 MPs have now pledged to #StandUp4Brexit!Thanks to everyone who supports the campaign day in day out, pushing for true Brexit. And to all of the MPs who’ve pledged so far. But there’s still much more to do to #ChuckChequers & #BinTheBackstop, so let’s keep pushing! 
ITV News Political Editor @Peston reveals how a shocked cabinet was told why a no-deal Brexit may force the government to operate lorry ferries  
Whilst many believe that Britain will be leaving the EU in March of next year, the truth is likely to be very different. Very soon May will announce with great pride her brexit deal which will extend our membership of the EU until way past 2021. This will be the end of brexit. 
This strikes me as best comment on #Brexit so far (apart from those being made on @BrookingsFP #BBTI panel with @A_Sloat, @KimDarroch, @D_G_Alexander, @LucindaCreight and @EdwardGLuce right now) pic.twitter.com/SfR6qaXYNi 
BBC News - Dutch King Willem-Alexander warns of Brexit uncertainty . Mrs May’s seems to find the Dutch Kings concerns amusing.Mrs May has betrayed her country to try to hold her pathetic Party together.History will judge her very harshly.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Brexit. The eccentric dream of geeky old Tory backbencers. Which should never have troubled the mainstream. And which no one thought through. No one.  
When I thought that Brexit was the biggest crisis facing this country since the Second World War, never did I envisage that it actually meant having to rely on special convoys of ships to bring in food. This MUST BE STOPPED 
This is what having faith and belief in Britain & Brexit looks like.  
Leaving the EU will harm our ability to fight crime, to research new drugs and life saving medicines, and to get hold of drugs millions need every day.There is no upside to Brexit. It’s all loss, damage and cost to our way of life.We need a #FinalSay 
I wonder if this report will be on @BBCNews... : Aston Martin boss vows Britain's car trade will BENEFIT from No Deal Brexit and shrugs off scare warnings  
Government chartering ships to bring in emergency food and medical supplies in the event of no deal #Brexit but I'm sure some fuck wit will call it project fear and scaremongering pic.twitter.com/AzOggVZnDx 
Remainers telling people who voted Brexit that “no one knew what they were voting for”:I had just turned 14 at the time and I knew that Brexit meant a clean break from the EU and everything that came with it. I knew that we had one vote on this and that it would be one vote only 
The DUP cld have funded #brexit ads in England with money from a Saudi Prince  #stopbrexit it's  fraudulent @BrexitBin @acgrayling @voiceseurope @AccountableUK @ObiWokKanobe @Women_4_Europe @WernerT_Man @julie4nw 
Aston Martin will cope with no deal #Brexit. And so will the the rest of the car industry.  
What comes of not opposing Brexit  
Stop Paying $300 for Glasses - Here's How! 
Just don’t do Brexit. It would be so easy! Just don’t do it! Please! It’s a nightmare, a pointless nightmare! Just say, “Oh, wow, that was a bad idea,” and don’t do it! 
Another Brexit ‘patriot’ #FactsMatter 
If Kim-Joy gets knocked out this week I will demand a second referendum #GBBO 
#PeoplesVotePorkies- Brexiteers didn’t know what they were voting for- Nobody promised to implement the result- A million people went on last Saturday’s march- a 2nd Referendum has lots of support- the EU is democratic- Brexit will ruin the economy- the facts have changed 
He's showing real confidence in Brexit Britain...  
New: The Government Is Spending Up To £40 Million On External Consultants To Deliver Brexit  
My constituents backed Brexit. But I didn’t enter politics to make them poorer.Now we know what leaving means, let’s do the right thing and have a #PeoplesVote, says ⁦@MPphilwilson⁩.Write to your MP and ask them to give the public the final say. 
Patients 'may need to stockpile own drugs if no-deal Brexit looms'  
British MEPs had to have a meeting with EU officials today to discuss redundancy and what they are entitled to after they leave post-Brexit. One MEP joked with me that it was the highest attendance of UKIP MEPs for any official event at the Parliament. 
This was completely obvious to anyone with experience in trade and logistics well before the referendum.  That Cabinet only found out today shows how ludicriously useless and out of touch our politicians are. 
*Stop The Brexit Catastrophe and All This Shit Goes Away* pic.twitter.com/KVhnkVW2rX 
On @BBCPoliltics Live earlier today discussing the Government's false choice between a bad Brexit deal and no deal - which is tantamount to choosing which foot to fire the gun at. @LibDems demand that the people are given the final say on Brexit, with the option to remain.  
Brexit is & was always destined to be a catastrophe. Any decent govt & opp (!!!) should say clearly to British public: this was a mistake, we’re turning around; punish us at the polls if you will but we cannot in good conscience continue this.  
NEW: Channel 4 News understands that @Bupa is preparing to move it's European health insurance business to Dublin - because post-Brexit it will no longer be allowed to write EU contracts from Britain. 
A shocked cabinet was today told no-deal Brexit may force government to own or operate lorry ferries, because freight through Dover and Channel Tunnel could fall 85% and we’d run out of vital goods, food and medicine  
But Corbyn is STILL pushing for Brexit, Starmer is still flip-flopping like an acrobat & McDonnell & Thornberry are rabidly desperate to get a #Brexit at any costs. I’ve totally lost all faith in @UKLabour. I can’t see anything happening to help me get it back. #FBPE #OFOC #FFS 
The OBR is set to cut its forecast for government borrowing in 2018-19 from £37.1 billion to £25 billion. If the OBR can get its forecast for just one year ahead so wrong why should we listen to Treasury Brexit forecasts for 13 years ahead? They are clearly nonsense. 
Brexit gets madder and madder 
I have terminal breast cancer which means I rely on drugs to stay alive and enjoy my life for as long as I can. Headlines like this terrify me. Politicians need to act NOW to avoid shortages. I don't want to die for Brexit. #IWantToLive, #BusyLivingWithMets, #StageivNeedsMore 
The way this is going the EU will blow itself up before Brexit & there’ll be nothing to Leave.  
'It is NOT ACCEPTABLE' Poland hits out to demand EU stops punishing Britain over Brexit  
2016:“Brexit will improve your lives”2019:“We’ve ran out of food, I’m taking your boat.”  
It's not all about Brexit, Ben. Millions are struggling, thousands are dying and we have an immoral foreign policy. We have to get the tories out. 
The Liberal Democrats demand better than what this Tory Government is offering us. We demand better than the utter mess they are making out of Brexit and we demand a final say on the deal. Brexit Wrecks it! Join us today >  
The government will requisition Boaty McBoatface to bring in emergency supplies, and the sheer absurdity of Brexit will be complete.  
71% of the Tory vote in 2017 election were from Brexiteers, yet we only have 48 Tory MPs standing up for Brexit according to reports. Big disconnect there. This demonstrates that the Tories are going to lose big time in 2022 unless they find some balls to remove Theresa May. 
Exc: Dunkirk spirit lives: the no deal plan that focused minds at today’s heated Brexit cabinet  
Brexiters accuse the Remain campaign of scaremongering in 2016. But I can't think of anyone who said Brexit could lead to the UK have to do a first-world equivalent of a disaster emergency appeal. Now the Cabinet is discussing it 
Theresa May’s arrogance triggers such a fundamental Brexit disaster, the UK media is covering for herBy @wrightismight 
Remember, the sole, single, unique objective of the government towards the population on Brexit is to get them to quietly accept whatever happens and STFU. So, obviously, don’t. 
According to FT report, Dover-Calais route could operate at just 15-20%  capacity for 6 months after a no-deal Brexit, so the Government is  looking to charter ships as a way to bridge the gap. Tell me again this  is what we voted for? 
On one hand the politicians say there'll be riots if there is a 2nd referendum. On the other they think we will greet no-deal shortages of food and medicine with our famous stiff upper lip.  Don't worry, they've found some ships so everything will be fine   
It was won because of misappropriated data and cheating. The ONLY way to save Britain is by having a second referendum, whether you call it a #PeoplesVote or #FinalSay or #FirstReferendum it doesn’t matter. 
Even the ones that seem ‘good’ have vested, personal interests in making sure the story doesn’t reel them into stricter electoral laws or in any corresponding investigations.  The referendum was won based entirely on criminal activity. 
Voting packages for the 2018 Referendum on Electoral Reform are in the mail! Watch for your voting package, get informed, and vote! Find neutral information about the voting systems, short videos and a voter’s guide at . #bcpoli  
"Doing a Dyson" should gain the same currency in the context of Brexit as "doing a Ratner" - and with any luck will have a similar deflationary effect on sales of James Dyson's overrated and overpriced products. 
I love news like this.  It embarrasses the pathetic whining Remoaners and shows their doom laden garbage up for what it is - nonsense. The world will go on after Brexit. Britain is a huge economy of 66m people now and will still be all that next March.   
Imagine if you voted leave and you work at Nissan or Toyota? Everyone would know, wouldn't they? Leavers enjoyed crowing when they won the referendum. Imagine how much their remainer and non voting colleagues loathe them! 
My joke about Brexit is 95% complete. 
It is surely obvious by now that the civil service have been undermining Brexit and even handing over sovereignty in defence sector. This cannot be allowed to stand.  
Brian. The fish aren’t ours. They’re fish, they swim where they like. They don’t really give a toss about boundaries or borders. They’ve probably never even  heard of Brexit. They’re fish.  
But the EU is so democratic and will protect our rights and Brexit will just make Austerity worse... Waits for the usual "Yeah well they're different..." excuses.  
Taking the East Lancs accent, farming and large foreheads to the viewers of the BBC on the 6pm news. Really glad farming got such a good slot tonight talking lamb prices and brexit.  
Where are all the ordinary Brexit activists? Since the referendum protest vote why have we only seen the Brexiter elite mouthing off? On the Remain side there is a growing grassroots movement with hundreds of thousands actively campaigning. Just asking... 
So now #brexit is to be survived not prospered. Bloody marvellous well done little England. 
They are paying people to tweet anti-brexit propaganda?If to be believed, isn’t this against some sort of Twitter policy? They fear losing. Full on assault coming...@LeaveMnsLeave @Arron_banks @Nigel_Farage @WestmonsterUK 
One of the absolute worst aspects of BREXIT is the unalloyed glee about old people being no longer with us or the casual dismissal of their passing  
Wow. The £350-million-a-week lie just turned into industry experts warning MPs that the public may need to stockpile drugs in the event of no-deal Brexit.How recklessly - and shamelessly - Johnson, Rees Mogg, Gove & Davis have endangered NHS patients. 
Dyson building his new cars in Singapore rather than the UK. That's the same Singapore that's got a new Free Trade Deal with the............erm............the EU. Odd that. Nothing to do with #Brexit of course. 
Brexit has become like a declaration of war on ourselves. Emergency ships will be chartered for food and medicine if we leave the EU with no deal. But at least when we're using ration books and running out of drugs, we'll have taken back control. 
Back in school I remember learning about "Developed" and "Developing" nations. We need a new category. #Brexit Britain is a "regressing" nation. What sort of country deliberately makes itself poorer and needs to stockpile medicine for fucks sake. A regressive one that's what. 
UK readies flotilla plan "to bring in emergency food and medicines in the event of a “no-deal” Brexit next March, in a move greeted with disbelief at a stormy meeting of Theresa May’s cabinet on Tuesday."  
Claim: 48 “no confidence” letters now in — Will May be removed as UK PM? @jackbuckby:  | #UK #Brexit #politics 
EU has 90% share of English Channel fish stocksWith a clean Brexit & No Transition it should be 40/60 to the UK under international shares based on fish distributionThat would be worth £1.4bn to South coast communities alone annually @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
If the UK Govt is arranging flotillas to deliver medicine supplies post No Deal Brexit, I now accept that is what they intend and will drive through at any cost. The economic and social carnage that will result can only be imagined. We can only wait for the state of emergency 
UK readies flotilla plan for supplies in no-deal Brexit  
Labour in Hammersmith & Fulham still calling for me to resign for not supporting a second EU Referendum. There are also more than 200 Labour MPs not supporting a second Referendum. Guys, that’s a lot of by-elections in Labour seats which @UKLabour might not be too happy about... 
'London's Popularity as Tech Hub Slumps Ahead of Brexit''The survey of 540 tech founders showed that London’s popularity dropped to 41% in 2018 in a weighted vote, down from 55% in 2017'We're sacrificing our future, for delusions of the past. 
From just after referendum.  
James Dyson is a globalist. That's why he backed Brexit and that's why he's making his new car in Singapore says Ross Clark:  
If Remainers really care about this country they should rally round #Brexit and try to shape it rather than railing against it. Failure to deliver the democratic instruction of the British people will release some very dark and dangerous forces into our politics.  
This is Theresa May's Brexit – and she's squeezed all the vision out of it 
Did @BBCNews  also fail to notice the new EU - Singapore trade deal means there is less uncertainty surrounding Dyson exporting to EU from half way round the world than Brexit UK on their door step? 
This is not project fear. This is the National Crime Agency saying its ability to fight serious and organised crime could be “significantly impacted” by a no deal Brexit. This should not even be considered an option. No one voted to endanger the public. 
48 Letters have now been submitted to the #1922committee. That means that a vote of no-confidence in may with her appearing before the committee tomorrow. If she loses, the Tory party will officially be in a new leadership contest. | #brexit #indyref2 #scotref 
BREXIT: I can’t believe I’m tweeting this about the U.K. in 2018 via @FT Britain is drawing up plans to charter ships to bring in emergency food and medicines in the event of a “no-deal” Brexit next March, in a move greeted with disbelief at a stormy meeting of cabinet on today 
If you work in manufacturing Leave are putting you out of a job. From Economists for Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
If Holyrood used the same FPTP system as Westminster elections the Scottish parliament would look like this:SNP 59 MSPsTories 7 MSPsLibDems 4 MSPsLabour 3 MSPs59/73 MSPs - 81% We have a much bigger mandate for Indy than the Tories have for Brexit.#TuesdayThoughts 
Richard Drax MP - "I have for certainly all my adult life realised the damage the EU was doing, wanted to leave it, and now we’re within an inch of achieving that goal.“That goal to me is to regain our Country’s freedom and control of her destiny." #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
How Brexiteers are trying to escape the cost of Brexit - my piece on the hypocrisy of James Dyson, John Redwood and Jacob Rees-Mogg.  
Well that was a result for James Dyson’s spin team - @BBCNews report on his plans to build new car in Singapore not U.K. - and not a mention of Brexit views let alone hypocrisy 
We may not be able to pay our BBC licence tax in a No Deal Brexit.. 
Brexiteer MPs no longer have a champion in Fleet StreetWe know that the Mail is pro-Remain The Express and the Sun are fickle on BrexitMay they lose shedloads of readers Only the Telegraph can now be relied on as the champion of Brexit  
UK readies flotilla plan for supplies in no-deal Brexit  
I love the way Second Referendum campaigners have inflated the number of people on Saturday’s march.According to David, the estimate now stands at one million.What’s the betting they’ve got it up to two million by the end of the week?  
When #DonaldTrump says he’s “a Nationalist”, believe him! It’s a bad, bad claim. Midterms are a referendum on Trump. #VoteBlue2018 and Stop the madness! 
If the Tory Government gets away with delivering a BRINO (Brexit In Name Only), the @TimePartyUK will campaign to reverse all retrogressive decisions taken and alter the terms of any treaties signed to empower our country to embrace a clean break (Brexit) from the European Union. 
Public may have to stockpile drugs in no-deal Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "When the implementation period was announced, it was going to be the implementation of what was agreed."It now seems to be a period for further negotiation, not being sure of where we’re going. Does the PM know where we are going?" #Brexit  
If there was a second referendum id happily vote remain after voting leave @RemainerNow #peoplesvote 
29 Nobel laureates warn a hard #Brexit could cripple UK science.  Should there be a second EU referendum? Leave your comments after watching our debate with @Andrew_Adonis and @DanielJHannan:  
Exclusive: James Forsyth reports from a Cabinet bust-up where Geoffrey Cox warned that the Brexit backstop will be a “circle of hell”  
Farage right again....       Brexit news: Farage warns of 'DIRE' consequences for May after caller's FURIOUS rant | UK | News |  
In a much more grown up, rational, parallel universe, this happens >> The time has come for Theresa May to tell the nation: Brexit can’t be done | Alastair Campbell  
Some Corbyn supporters accuse #FBPE of being an anti-Corbyn. A reminder, a lot of #FBPE people made a huge effort to encourage tactical voting in 2017 much to the benefit of Labour, only to be rewarded by Labour people insulting us by saying we voted pro-#Brexit.#PeoplesVote 
"The midterm...will be read as a referendum...on Trump’s Presidency...The old punch line has changed: [one]...no longer need travel south to encounter voter suppression. Voter access is not just a regional crisis; it is a national one."  
Theresa May accused of surrender as she attempts to quell Tory rebellion with four-point Brexit plan  via @Telegraph 
The elephant in the room never forgets that your referendum was about immigration 
A big problem for the UK government is that a "No Deal" Brexit is looking decreasingly scary to some of the key member states, especially as they put in place contingency measures.  
Sir Paul Nurse(Nobel prize winner) - #Brexit is the biggest threat to science, in the United Kingdom, in all my life... which is 50 years of research.James O'Brien - But there's no way he knows as much about science as Nadine Dorries & JRM. #PeoplesVote #LBC 
Dear @NfluenceNetwork, I hear you are offering good pay rates for people to post supportive tweets for your bid to stop Brexit. I would very much like to offer my services. I think I’m just the woman for the job. Do get in touch!Yours,Julia Remoaner-Brewer 
Anything: *happens*British person: This is just like Brexit. 
Italy, Ixé poll:Eurozone membership referendumRemain: 76% (-1)Leave: 23% (+1)Sample Size: 1,000Field Work: 28/09/18-05/10/18#Brexit #Euro #europeanunion #Italy 
The bad news for our health service coming out of #Brexit simply doesn't let up. Wasn't all this supposed to be good for the #NHS? That's what we were told in 2016... Now it's all been exposed as nonsense we need a #FinalSay so we can #EndTheChaos! 
How sad and desperate do you have to be to cite how many people died since a referendum to make a point? Good god, man. Both my grandfathers were miners and I'm ashamed that you're connected with the Labour Party. 
Les Leyne on referendum: “...the whole exercise was designed by 2 political parties jockeying for power. It’s the 1 proposal that needs impartial, independent, non-partisan oversight, & almost none of that has been built in.”  #BCPoli #NoBCProRep 
Leaders of Ethiopia's Somali opposition group claim they have reached agreement with Ethiopian gov't to hold a referendum to decide if the Somali Region should leave the federation & become independent country, ending the century old political union with Ethiopia.  
The £1,600,000 in EU farming subsidies he trousered just before voting "out", should help the "patriotic" patriot. 
Brexit, the process by which people earning in excess of £1000ph tell people earning £12ph that the root cause off all their problems are people earning £7.95ph. Or on benefits. 
Twitter is testing a bunch of new features- Colour-coding in chatsYou: BLUE | People you follow: GREEN- Indented tweets in threads- Status feature - to add context to tweetseg @MattNavarra ...at #Brexit protest- Availability settingHT/Images@theguapa/@harrymccracken 
When you have comprehensively lost the argument, just keeping repeating that black is white. It's the Brexit way.  
EU must accept some responsibility for Brexit, says Polish foreign minister 
What we can learn from the Roman 'Brexit' 1500 years ago  #politics 
The French government will meet with business leaders Tuesday evening to instruct them to begin preparing for all Brexit scenarios  
You can't speak for all of them in saying they're happy. 1.5m Brits have died since the referendum. 
The biggest threat facing us is not Brexit. It is the greedy Tories giving their super-rich mates tax breaks while we pay the bill & suffer with austerity cuts. We need another general election so we can kick them out of power. Regardless of Brexit, Tories have always been same. 
Sad story of a company cut down from 25 to 4 employees (and soon to be none) because of Brexit. This is the real danger: not big splashy headlines about car plants or pharmaceutical labs moving, but the thousands of small losses like this which together impoverish the UK forever.  
Woosh! Taiwan's pro-nuclear protesters succeeded in getting a referendum on the phase-out policy.  
Never seen so many UKIP members attend a meeting in Strasbourg before...the subject? ....Members entitlements after Brexit!!!  
Perhaps the Brexiteers living in deserted post-industrial towns struggling to make ends meet don’t have the time or resources to organize edgy marches in London. Perhaps this is why they voted Brexit.  
Brexit: “ ... an elite project for extreme globalization wrapped up as a popular revolt against globalization.” Courtesy of @fotoole 
Dutch in UK living under 'shadow of uncertainty' over post-Brexit right to remain, the country's king has told politicians including Theresa May in speech during state visit to Britain  
How the national capitals and EU institutions see Brexit negotiationsClose involvement:Moderate:Low:Which issues concern them most: EU unity, citizens’ rights and economic impactA map compiled by @Usherwood and H. Kassim with @NegotBrexit contributions 
Jezza, you say that one of your conditions for supporting any Brexit deal is getting “exactly the same benefits” as membership of the EU single market & customs union. You say that you would secure longterm membership of a customs union but also run an independent trade policy. 
If you care about democracy and the 'Great Brexit Robbery' you won't want to miss this event hosted with @carolecadwalla and with @tom_watson @DamianCollins and other guests: "Why Britain Needs a Mueller Inquiry"  
Timely reminder that @Nigel_Farage wanted a second referendum if Remain campaign won 52/48Not aged well has it Nigel? 
.@vincecable, @thomasbrake, @Wera_Hobhouse, @SalBrinton, @EdwardJDavey, @joswinson and @LaylaMoran tell us why they marched to give the people the final say on Brexit.Did you march? Share your story with us   
Brexit.  
Strange that. I was walking up Whitehall today & the bollocks to Brexit filth is still visible, from Saturday. Different strokes for different folks aye, not just in a court room. Just another pop at Tommy Robinson & his supporters, which is unnecessary.  
My meetings on Brexit in Scotland later this week - all welcome! Aberdeen Friday 7pm New King’s 14 Aberdeen UniPerth Saturday 3pm A K Bell Library, 17 York Place PH2 8EPEdinburgh Saturday 7pm 50 George Square EH8 9JUGlasgow Sunday 2pm Renfield Centre 260 Bath St, G2 4JP 
Brexiteer Dyson is off to Singapore to manufacture his electric car. Another Brexit rat leaves the sinking UK ship. 
So #JamesDyson says his decision to build his electric cars in Singapore has nothing to do with Brexit. Tell us James, what it is it about Singapore’s cheap labour and draconian labour laws that attracts you? 
Olly Robbins’s colleague @ABrockbank_ admitted that Cabinet Office was trying to lock the UK into EU defence programmes and policies which were joined since the referendum via FCO’s @AngusLapsleyFCO.Govt must now halt this damaging sellout of UK autonomy now it‘s exposed. 
I’ve written to the @CommonsProcCom to make clear that Parliament won the right to a  truly meaningful vote on the final Brexit deal. We will not let ministers wriggle out of this. No ifs, no buts.  
*whispers to David* I think it's time to realise that Jeremy Corbyn actually wants Brexit...  
How about the Corsica model? It means staying exactly as we are in the EU but I've called it something else so Nadine thinks it's a type of Brexit. 
And don’t think for one second that this ploy to ignite the rage and resentment of Caucasian people stops at America’s shores, Brexit happened because of racist xenophobia and fear of a Black/Brown planet too. This is a global phenomenon. 
Huge respect for @Toibin1 breaking ranks with Sinn Fein and voting no on abortion legislation. In a referendum campaign which saw many politicians go through a simultaneous ‘personal evolution’, he was a man of principle and defended the right to life for the most vulnerable. 
Dyson: off to Singapore Farage: German passports for kidsRees-Mogg: new Irish fundLawson: French residency Redwood: tells pals to quit UKBrexit was always a hobby for rich men with a plan B. A jolly board game with ordinary Britons' jobs & livelihoods as the counters.  
In 2016, Leave economist, Patrick Minford, said Brexit would mostly eliminate manufacturing. Today that warning shows signs of coming true, as investment drops at the fastest rate since the height of the recession. A disaster for the factory floor.  
Where is the free &  independent trading future we voted for? This isn't Brexit, this is a #betrayalagreement 
My bill calling for a public vote on the Brexit deal has shifted date as a huge number of other bills were likely to be heard ahead of it, reducing its chance of a 2nd reading. I am hoping the 23rd of November will be for fruitful. Urge your MP to get behind a #peoplesvote 
As the Big Yin joins so many of our fellow Scots to reassess Indy to escape this disastrous Tory Brexit all the ultra unionist cult group, Scotland in Union, can offer is the same old lies and failed scaremongering  
Theresa May told MPs yesterday #Brexit would not be stopped by a “politicians’ vote”. Exactly how many of the 700,000 marchers on Saturday were politicians? #PeoplesVote 
Brexit getting very real for UK MEPs - they’re currently in an hour and a half meeting with EU officials about their redundancy arrangements 
Since our country is in the toilet it’s been hard to carve out headspace for the Brexit drama but my god, it’s like watching a country committing suicide in slo-mo. 
Is this bad news? No, it is not. The very fact that the PM is saying this once again shows her Government is now on the defensive. Keep it up, everyone - the light is starting to show through the cracks...#LetThePeopleDecide on #Brexit and #EndTheChaos! 
Expect another anti-climax, but I would be very happy to be proved  wrong. Tory MPs need to realise how terribly damaging May has been, and not just with her betrayal of Brexit - she cannot be trusted with anything. #MayMustGoNow 
I don't expect closure, #brexit has exposed a chasm in British society, a divide between better educated, liberal people of all ages who want policy to derive from reasoned discourse and those who believe simplistic ideological propaganda promoted by unscrupulous illiberal elites 
Its really simple @conservativesIf Theresa May pushes through her BRINO brexit deal I will never vote Tory againYou will have finally blown my trustI am a paid up memberIf this is what I think imagine what millions of other leavers think who are a lot less conservative than I 
This dispute has the potential to lead to an Italian referendum on EU membership >> The EU just rejected Italy’s budget, as Prime Minister Conte declares that there is no “plan B.”  
EU prepares to offer Theresa May a UK-wide customs union in separate treaty but we want no more treaties to bind the UK, just Brexit! 
Britannia could rule the waves again after Brexit with plan to help strike trade deals  
No.  You haven’t troubled to talk with us, consult us, really listen.  As a result Brexit has nothing to do with NATIONAL interest OR  UK well being.   Much more to do with keeping enough of your party onside.No greater love than sacrificing your country for your party. 
Brexit will have to fail or succeed, and be seen beyond doubt to fail or succeed, before politics in the UK will ever get back to normal.Nothing less will be sufficient for closure. 
Just to remind you, I led a coalition of groups that applied to the Electoral Commission to be the official Leave campaign in the 2016 Referendum. OK we lost to Vote Leave but can we agree that I'm on the record as a Brexiteer? Just how bad does their "reaching out" have to be..?  
“Labour will be forced to oppose PM’s Brexit deal”, says leader of the opposition Sadiq Khan. 
Today's great irony: As Mexico holds a referendum based on Andres Manuel @lopezobrador_ questioning the need for a $13 billion new airport for #CDMX, he may have trouble getting to Guadalajara to speak to business crowd due to operations issues at CURRENT airport.#AICM #NAICM 
The Vice-Chancellor on #Brexit and student mobility: "We want the UK to remain part of the Erasmus programme". Watch the full film here:  
UK manufacturing is set for a major boost with the opening of a “Brexit-busting” new steel logistics centre in the West Midlands following a substantial investment from German owned DB Cargo. More below.  [Thread]#Brexit #DespiteBrexit #ProjectPositive 
Oh my. Just how far do you think they had to spray their invites to get to the point that they ask *me* to do paid tweets on my profile in support of a new anti-Brexit campaign?  
Summary:1. Brexit made Britain more racist than ever, e.g. Our David Lammy.2. There's only one way to make it better:3. (i) Have a General Election and (ii) hold Our #2ndPeoplesFinalVoteToRemain.4. [Oops, that's two. That's the last time I employ Diane.]5. That's all, folks! 
Meet Rachel Brown, a Massachusetts Lyft driver using her time on the road to educate voters on a referendum that could put #trans rights in the crosshairs. On this episode of CHOICE/LESS:  
 While the Spanish prophets of doom predicted disaster for the Catalan economy, business went on as usual."Dire predictions over impact have so far proved overstated, companies report"Even better if they had agreed on a referendum!  #FreeCatalonia 
The greatest prize of #Brexit was the freedom to do free trade deals. The EU is so bureaucratic and protectionist it struggles badly to strike meaningful ones or takes forever to do them. Stay in the CU would be a disasterous mistake#StandUp4Brexit 
i want me and @DoveCameron to go as Trump and Brexit for Halloween. they both seem pretty scary AND multicultural at the same time. any other suggestions?   
Of course it will. Corbyn and Milne are betraying everything the Labour movement has ever stood for. If @UKLabour ever wants to be trusted again it must stop #brexit now.  
EU Reject Italy's Budget as it poses “serious non-compliance” to EU Rules!Brussels warn Rome against any illusions of "breaking free",And DEMAND Italy submit a revised budget within 3 weeks...Or else!#Itexit#Brexit #EU 
Have spent 2 days talking to people in Berlin about Brexit and other issues. The German government - across its many parts - is strongly united in its support for @MichelBarnier's line on Brexit. It think a deal requires the UK to move. @CER_EU 
The spectacle of Brexit is likely to get more surreal in the coming days and weeks:  
Who would you rather have in charge of British #Brexit negotiations with the EU ? 
Doctors are not just important for the NHS, they're vital. They know their industry better than anybody, and they're clear: Brexit will harm our NHS and the patients it treats. Join their call for a people's vote below:  
Italy's crisis is now a bigger threat to the EU than Brexit. Everyone needs to start paying attention  
Florida is one of four states that prevents ex-felons from voting. A referendum on the November ballot in FL would re-enfranchise 1.5 million citizens. That means 1 in 10 people, 1 in 5 African Americans in the state can't vote in the most important swing state in the country. 
Apparently Brexit supporting Dyson’s decision to build his electric cars in Singapore is a vote of confidence in UK, or so says Remain champion ⁦@George_Osborne⁩. I love counterintuitive arguments but this one is giving me a panic attack 
We’ve known this for some time. Fastest ever adequacy agreement took 9 months. There are 157 days until Brexit. A key reason why no deal would be disaster for digital buisesses (and everyone else).  
Mystifies me too Elaine. Tory’s would bring the hardest most destructive Brexit in their own interests. JC/Labour would bring the best, by far for our country & people yet there are still folk who knock JC for respecting people’s Ref choice but making the outcome better. #JC4PM 
James Dyson goes on about the opportunities Brexit presents and them takes his business to Singapore. When will people open their eyes and see that Brexit is a coup organised by the rich to benefit only the rich  
SECRETLY? YOU'RE HAVING A LAUGH. IT COULDN'T BE MORE OBVIOUS IF CORBYN HAD F*CK THE EU TATTOOED ON HIS FOREHEAD - "The Labour leadership (secretly) wants Brexit to happen. That's why it left Remainers to march alone"   via @Telegraph 
Doctors are important for the NHS. 83% of Doctors say Brexit will be bad for the NHS. Doctors are writing to their MPs to #WriteThisWrong. Be more like Doctors.Write to your MP today:  #PeoplesVote 
So angry today. 1) Dyson championing Brexit then making cars in Singapore. 
29 Nobel-prize winning scientists have issued a stark warning about Brexit: New blocks to scientific collaboration "will inhibit progress, to the detriment of us all"  
Listen to how many times the #PeoplesVoteMarch gets mentioned in Parliament! We are starting to be heard!Email your MP today to demand a #PeoplesVote on Brexit 
Nicola Sturgeon says she's big on free speech but won't share a platform with Steve Bannon.In 2015 she refused a podium next to Farage for TV debatesIn 2016 she refused to campaign with David Cameron for the brexit referendum.There's a pattern of intolerance from Nicola. 
When every week brings more news of prominent Leavers taking their money and business out of the UK - despite talking up the alleged opportunities of #Brexit - should we not wonder whether perhaps actions speak louder than words? #EndTheChaos 
.@CommonsHealth told UK’s pharmaceutical companies have already had to spend £100s of millions on contingency planning for a no-deal or hard #Brexit. What a waste! #brexitshambles #PeoplesVote 
it was the largest, most peaceful demonstration that I have ever been to. I didn't see a single police/wo/man in 4 hours. People have woken up to the fact that Brexit stands to destroy the UK, they are rallying behind a way out: an informed vote on the deal, that includes #Remain 
How would I steal a Referendum?I would have all of the Postal Voting Applications sent to one company who has the franchise for all of the UK.There, the forms are scanned, with the signatures, addresses, names and voting constituencies stored on file./1 
James Dyson wants it to be easier to fire people in post-Brexit Britain - just like it is in Singapore where he will be making his electric car... The self-proclaimed patriot really doesn't care about the UK #ShameOnYouDyson #DontBuyDyson 
My friend dumped her boyfriend without realising that she was using his Netflix account and he just changed the password and because she became so reliant on Netflix to function she's blaming him for ruining her life. Anyway that's Brexit 
When will people realise that polls are meaningless? 17.4m voted leave. Most labour constituencies voted leave. If there was another referendum, we still wouldn't have a definitive result. It's not a people's vote we need. It's a General Election. 
I thought it was time to bring the videoclip out of old @David_Cameron to remind @theresa_may and all the remainers / remoaners  what exactly old Dave said to eveyone about #Brexit So listen careful  
Does anyone else find this insulting?Is this the language of an elected MP, earning £77k of our taxpayer money?#tories #brexit #finalsayforall 
Friends I’m in a real pickle. My Dyson hand vac is my most cherished possession and I just realized that James Dyson is a big Brexit backer and kind of a dick 
Brexit was a victory for ordinary British people against a pervasive and self interested Establishment. Now, the same Establishment is fighting tooth and nail to water down and thwart #Brexit. Fight back with @Facts4euOrg's Brexit Battlepack:  
Science is incredibly important to the EU. But so is diversity. When the Swiss voted to end freedom of movement, the EU blocked them from all Horizon 2020 science projects for a year until the decision was reversed.Brexit UK will soon learn that xenophobia and Science don't mix!  
To the #PeoplesVoteMarch brigade: if @theresa_may gets her deal through Parliament there will be zero chance of refining Brexit. But you carry on using all your energies attacking @jeremycorbyn if it makes you happy. History will say how wrong you all were! 
Lets celebrate the fact that a British entrepreneur like James Dyson, is going to build a car for the World market. Lets all get behind him and hope other British entrepreneurs will do the same in other fields. A post Brexit boom for the UK beckons. 
Mike Thompson says the UK doesn't have enough cold chain (temperature-controlled) warehouses to stockpile the medicine supplies needed for a no deal Brexit 
Remarkable debate on data flows during and post Brexit. Negotiations don’t start until transition. Government unable to say what happens in a no deal. Nothing. 70% of UK data flows go through the EU. They’d just stop?! #BrexitShambles 
VIDEO: Commission on collision course with UK and Italy @UKIP MEP @oflynnmep  #UKIP #Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial @BrexitCentral 
Official Met Police estimate numbers attended March over the weekend at 130,000 The wildly exaggerated figure of 700,000 comes from people’s vote Remain campaign HQ #Brexit 
Holy cow. Ministers have just told @HouseofCommons they 'can't guarantee' the 'adequacy agreement' that allows data sharing across the EU in event of no deal Brexit! That could jeopardise 70% of UK services exports! 
How could a hard Brexit affect UK science and research? Listen to the full debate between Science Minister, @SamGyimah, and Sir Paul Nurse, director @TheCrick, in our podcast: 
In Tuesday's Brexit Briefing, how the Tory party still leads Labour despite its most serious internal warfare in more than a century  
We tried to warn you. The faults and vulns were useful to bigger bullies. The steps each of these companies are taking are laughably little and late. Brexit. Trump. Now Brazil is next to prove this. Maybe our midterms. 
Do brexit shills like Dyson literally have to laugh in people's faces before they start to get it? They do not give a flying fxck about this country.  
Health & Social Care Committee hearing evidence on impact of no deal BrexitMartin Sawer, from Healthcare Distributors Association, kicks off by saying the end of frictionless trade would lead to "patients not getting medicines" and "huge prices rises in the NHS" 
Isn’t it wonderful? I feel like this has been Brexit for a while now. Barnier says something. News item: disaster looming. Barnier says same thing. News item: Hooray. Deal reached. Barnier says same thing. News item: EU concedes. Same thing. News item: unacceptable proposal. 
There is likely to be a GE within a year. This will be like no other GE in our lifetime. @UKLabour want a socialist Brexit, @Conservatives want a Brexit too (but can't decide what type). Vote @LibDems, even if just this one time, to #StopBrexit and shake up our politics. Do it. 
figures out today show that Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust has one of the highest rates of staff from the EU. Gov't must avoid a disastrous no-deal Brexit leading to stockpiling of drugs & ensure nation-wide planning to help the NHS cope with Brexit  
This week @vincecable will meet the EU's Chief Brexit Negotiator Michel Barnier.What do you want Vince to ask Michel Barnier? Tell us here:  
As Nobel Prize winners across Europe warn against hard Brexit, leave voters say besides science, literature, agriculture and economics they don’t know what they’re talking about. 
'@campbellclaret: "I don't think there's any doubt the country is changing."Back in the real world, YouGov says just 20% of Brits think another referendum is likely.No expectation and no will to rerun referendum. You're in the minority Alastair, still! 
So true.And in some cases you repeatedly ask for a referendum until you get the result to Remain.  
Yesterday I challenged the PM that 1.5 million young people have not had their say on #Brexit despite being eligible to vote. It’s their future that is at stake with with this damaging Tory Brexit @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
Brilliantly articulated once again by @mrjamesob, who highlights the sheer hypocrisy of 'Brexit Backing' James Dyson. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
James Dyson campaigns for #Brexit - and then chooses Singapore for their first electric car plant. Even Brexiters don’t have confidence in Brexit Britain.  
Here’s another thing I can’t get my head around: If @UKLabour MPs, such as Chuka Umunna, vote FOR @Theresa_May’s deal, they are voting for a Tory Brexit, which undermines their calls for a “People’s Vote”. And if TM’s deal passes then there will be NO vote at all...  
Petition to stop a possible second referendum now stands on over 19000 and counting. Please support it Brexiteers.Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
Hard Brexiter James Dyson is to build his new electric cars in Singapore - a low tax, low wage haven - not in his beloved Brexit Britain. He is happy to let UK taxpayers subsidise his agriculture enterprises but fails to contribute back... #ShameOnYouDyson #DontBuyDyson 
Theresa May never crossed a bridge which she didn't try to burn behind her... Brexit no-deal looming... our latest thoughts...  
Interesting. On Saturday, @carolecadwalla reported that the NCA has been asked to request the High Court to issue LeaveEU's Arron Banks with an Unexplained Wealth Order (a power designed to target suspected corruption, money laundering and organised crime).#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
RIP independent trade policy, the biggest Brexit prize – died here 23/10/2018 – due to political weakness, indecision and allowing our great nation to become an international laughing stock.  
POLL: 65% of Brits don’t think second referendum is likely, including 63% of Remain voters. Hardcore Remoaners need to accept the will of the people and move on. The rest of the country has.  
Just replaced our @Dyson hoover, not because of brexit....but because it's shit 
James Dyson was a leading voice for Brexit. So James O'Brien wonders why he's building his company's new car in Singapore, who just signed a trade deal with... the EU.@mrjamesob | #Dyson 
The majority view of our politicians remains completely at odds with the view of the British people, particularly those living outside the M25.Unlike the #TrumpTrain across the pond, the revolution sparked with Brexit is only half way there. We must keep fighting on!   
Chequers is not essentially Norway. Norway is a proven, stable option which makes Brexit relatively smooth. Chequers is conceptually mistaken because it assumes that goods and services can be wholly separated:  
GERMANY has demanded Remainers be given a second referendum following claims Brexit could completely destroy the EU. Well, that says it all. The EU is a dictatorship! They should NOT get involved in our politics.  
But don't worry everyone!! As long as large multinational corporations like Dyson are fine, Brexit will be a success.If everyone else suffers, that's their own fault. They should just move to Singapore. Everyone can afford that, right? 
God bless this woman, and Geri Halliwell too  #Brexit  
The University's Vice-Chancellor discusses how the University is preparing for #Brexit, and the importance of European partnerships for Cambridge. Full film here:  
To simplify a LOT:1. The old view was that midterm elections were mostly about mean-reversion and balancing power. 2. The new view is that they're a referendum in the president.3. Although 2 may be increasingly true, it's probably become a bit overrated and 1 a bit underrated. 
SADIQ KAHN: “Theresa May has failed to put the national interest ahead of internal party management in the negotiations and is leading us towards either a bad Brexit deal or, worse still, no deal at all." 
This, in a nutshell, is why I'd oppose Brexit even if they had a cast-iron economic case.Because the ethos driving it is as foul as Hell. Brexit is fuelled by the very worst that humanity has to offer. We defeated this once. We will never surrender to it.  
In Bristol today with the other members of the M8 group of metro Mayors, once again calling on Government to give the mayoral regions control over the UK Prosperity Funds post-Brexit.  
Such confidence in U.K. manufacturing.  He promoted Brexit then, like most, flees the country. I suppose you could say he’s left a vacuum.  
New perspective article from our director Paul Nurse: UK science is at risk from a hard Brexit  
SUPERB: Brexit Britain booming with $1bn tech 'unicorns'. “UK’s track record in creating fast-growing tech companies is second to none in Europe.”#DespiteBrexit  
29 Nobel winning scientist plead with TM to preserve funding post-Brexit and 50% of scientists at leading Crick Institute say that they will leave the country. This isn't taking back control. It's a potential disaster for cancer research. 
Dyson rejects UK and chooses Singapore for his new car plant. Seems like even business supporters of #Brexit are not prepared to invest in the UK economy at present.  
Remainers are as angry, determined, patriotic as the Brexiteers, and more convinced than ever that there is no available Brexit, on paper or in anyone’s wildest dreams, that delivers to their country anything but hardship, disempowerment, and hassle 
List of Kurds who were arrested by Iran in eastern Kurdistan for supporting the independence referendum in southern Kurdistan.  
MPs slam ministers for having NO idea how much extra Britain could pay to the EU if it extended Brexit 
INVESTIGATION: NHS Applications from frontline staff from other EU countries have dropped "like a stone" says Chief Exec of NHS Employers#BREXIT 
Still no sign of the 48 letters requiredDoes not alter the fact that Theresa May needs to be removed if we are going to have any chance of saving Brexit  
"If they attack you personally it's because they have not a single political argument left" according to Margaret Thatcher. Perhaps time would be better spent commenting on the Tory Brexit mess rather than abusing innocent families on the internet. A nasty, needless comment.  
Yet another #Brexit warning!This time from the chief of the National Crime Agency (NCA).A #PeoplesVote is imperative to #StopBrexit & all its insanity.. 
Hey @LeaveEUOfficial, you do realise #Dyson's going to be building his new electric cars in #Singapore don't you. Hardly a resounding vote of confidence in post #Brexit Britain, is it?  
Irish Border is a fake issue to try and stop #Brexit.  
Nobel Prize-winning scientist talks about science. Gammon congregate in the replies to insist that they know better. Pretty standard for Brexit now.  
So whether this government updates the Gender Recognition Act (frankly, I don't see it: by the time the review is done we'll be deep in Brexit crap) trans women will still have the right to use women's loos but more women will be harassed because they look masculine. What a mess. 
Andrew how could I possibly thank you?How can I thank you for my son losing his job because of Brexit uncertainty?How can I thank you for the indisputable rise in hate crime since the referendum?How can I thank you for the worry that so many people now feel?I can’t. 
Here is Tommy Robinson telling his idiotic sorry loyal followers that he has no free speech and is censored....whilst on a stage outside the Old Bailey in London.  Irony ladies and gentlemen. #UK #Racism #Politics #Brexit  
A survey of over 1000 staff @TheCrick reveals that 97% of scientists believe a hard #Brexit would be bad for UK science @Beth_Thompson #TogetherScienceCan 
"When even someone (Dyson) who claims there will be a resurgence in British manufacturing after Brexit isn't prepared to put his money where his mouth is, it raises serious questions about the future of our economy and the impact on jobs and livelihoods as a result of Brexit." 
The Labour leadership (secretly) wants Brexit to happen. That's why it left Remainers to march alone: Hard to argue against this...  
The government:Underfunds the NHS, blames waiting times on the EU.Fails to build enough schools, blames class sizes on the EU.Fails to build enough social housing, blames shortages on EU.Cuts policing, blames rising crime on EU.Is it any wonder people voted for #Brexit 
“#StandUp4Brexit insists it wants to deliver Brexit on the terms described in the Tory manifesto, based on the red lines of ending free movement, leaving the single market, customs union and the European Courts of Justice”#ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
Leaving the #EU should not be treated like a damage limitation exercise where everything stays exactly the same at the end of it. We voted for change!  #StandUp4Brexit @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns @BrexitStewart #Brexit #UK @johnredwood @CCHQPress @Conservatives 
BREAKING:  John 'low tax, small state, deregulated economy' Redwood suddenly develops a social conscience in realising where the money for schools, hospitals, our welfare state & defence comes from - oh hang on, he's just lying again - no need to take that tablet @ChrisM4Chester 
Just found a billionaire Brexit supporter even worse than James Dyson.  
ICYMI: Last night voters in Kingston and Cambridge said YES to ranked ballots - the first two cities in Canada to ditch First-Past-the-Post via referendum!  
Our Chancellor, Sir Paul Nurse, warns about the detrimental effect #Brexit could have on science research.  
On the day that mattered there were 17.4 MILLION!!! So your tweet is completely irrelevant and pointless Also the UK doesn’t revolve around London you remainers can’t seem to grasp that. #brexit 
Who has an independent trade policy with the rest of the world? NorwayWho is not in a customs union with the EU? Norway.Which option did the ERG wail most about? Norway. What you get is what is left. It's the #Brexit you deserve. 
Impressive keynote from @JohnBrutonIRL at #NegotBrexit Pointing out that whilst within the union of UK Scotland is unable to veto #Brexit, in #EU Ireland has same veto as Germany. “The EU protects smaller nations from bigger nations.” #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
I'm not sure what question the PM was answering yesterday during her statement on #Brexit but it didn't seem to be mine. In a democracy people have the right to change their minds.  
One year of the Proclamation of the Catalan Republic.We don’t forget. We won’t allow the Referendum mandate to be betrayed.Implement the Catalan Republic now or resign!  This Saturday, 27th of October, 3pm, at the Delegation of the Catalan Government in UK, EC4Y 1AA  
Lord Owen is a previous EU big beast. He understand EU from within better than all but very few. He campaigned to Leave the EU. His views on Brexit should be looked at & digested.  
Prospects for its factory in Suffolk are growing increasingly bleak as Brexit uncertainty continues  
#Brexiters are happy to Remove Rights w/o Consent as long as it affects others.Some don't mind others' financial loss as long as they gain financially.Some want to take back Control..over others.Some only want Democracy when it goes their way.There's a pattern to #Brexit no? 
The Wrexham @leaderlive gives our group's participation in the People's Vote March a whole page to ourselves as the people of @wrexham increasingly ask for a vote on the final Brexit deal. @IanCLucas @WalesForEurope @Gogs4Europe 
The view from Germany: Watching a country make a fool of itself. Britain's venal and arrogant elite has made this country a global laughing-stock. A #PeoplesVote would be the first step to restoring respect. #Brexit 
The Financial Times highlights the strength of the Catalan economy a year after the referendum. Companies are reporting that the dire predictions of Spanish unionists have proved overstated.  
Trump threatens to leave a key nuclear treaty, pressure on Saudi Arabia increases after journalist Jamal Khashoggi's murder, a migrant caravan heads towards the US and Brexit. It's your World in 60 Seconds!Ready? Let's go!  
Racial attacks and abuse have risen by 30% since the EU Referendum.We see people being abused. Jews abused. EU citizens spat at and told to go (Happened to me).ALL this began when Cameron called the Ref to appease his backbenchers. EVERY MP who remained silent is guilty..  
Good story - another Brexit betrayal exposed. This Government is the pits.  
Oh, lookee here.  Brexit Man shafts the "White Working Classes"  
In the Brexit battle between Nobel prize winning scientists and the likes of serial liar Boris Johnson I think I'll go with the scientists who base decisions on facts not obsessions and whims. Brexit's trashing Britain  
Unlike his Hoovers 
Theresa May must reject the EU's attempts to hold Britain back after Brexit - @Nigel_Farage 
If @realDonaldTrump was in charge of #Brexit we would have left years ago and the EU would be paying us £billions annually for free access to our lucrative markets.@theresa_may  is a hopeless #REMOANER. 
Over the past TWO YEARS This Government has DELIBERATELY allowed a conflation of: refugee/migrant/seasonal worker/EU citizen into ONE term of abuse: Illegal Migrant. NO politician has countered the lies in the Mail/Express. #brexit #theresamay #finalsay 
During the Great Debate at the end of the referendum campaign, #SadiqKhan issued a rallying cry to the nation: "if we as a country decide to  quit, then we're out for good, there's no going back". RETWEET if you think he should stick to his word! 
My driver from Lisbon airport didn’t fit the usual taxi cab philosopher stereotype we’ve come to expect.  He thinks there’s going to be war in Europe again unless democrats stand up and fight. He also thinks the manipulation in the run up to Brexit was the opposite of democratic 
“This is about the future. We need a #PeoplesVote to stop this chaotic #Brexit process” Vaughan speaking at the @FFSake_ @WalesForEurope event outside the Senedd 
Lord Owen: if the undemocratic attempts to block Brexit were successful the effects in this country would be "very dramatic... will smash the present political system" #Brexit #LosersVote 
Labour’s plan is the only workable plan not reliant on magic. It recognises Brexit will happen and aims for a good deal (ie a customs union, avoiding all the traps the Tories are stuck in) and would be likely to pass in Parliament (there is a majority for a sensible Brexit). 5/5 
A Brexit deal requires all of the following: some Brexiteers blinking; some Labour MPs blinking; EU blinking; Ireland blinking, and May continuing to blink.   
National interest? Brexit means:Fewer NHS doctorsFewer NHS nursesMore NHS rota gapsLonger NHS trolley waitsThreatened NHS drug suppliesEndangered NHS patientsAnd that, Theresa May, is a complete and utter national disgrace.  
Frank Field pt 3: we need control of our borders and laws, and if we don't get a fair deal we should not give the EU a penny. #Brexit @frankfieldteam 
How come all the leading Brexiters are moving their businesses, their money and even themselves abroad? And does that make anyone who voted #Brexit wonder at all? 
A Nobel Prize Winner warns that Brexit is the "biggest threat" to the UK's science industry in his nearly 50 years of research. @mrjamesob | #Brexit 
So good and so important from @MPphilwilson - who is backing a #PeoplesVote.Phil is the son of a miner, representing a seat that voted Leave in 2016."I didn't enter politics to make people poorer. #Brexit is a symptom of our problems, not the cure". 
European Commission adviser Jonathan Holslag says Brexit negotiations must be tough on Britain to preserve EU “principles.”But pro-Brexit Conservative MP John Redwood thinks Europe has been “extremely dogmatic and inflexible” with the UK.  
Surely staying in the Customs Union makes #Brexit wholly pointless. Here is @GregHands on why. I did not know the extent of the control that the EU would have on market access. 
If you’re an architect & feel Brexit will have consequences for UK architecture, sign my letter to @theresa_may along with David Chipperfield, Peter Clegg, Steve Tompkins, Niall McLaughlin, Jeremy Till, Robert Mull, Joe Morris, Bob Allies, Cindy Walters 
We, EU members do support you. “BOLLOCKS TO BREXIT”.  
The Norway model. Canada with knobs on. EFTA with Big Unicorns. Brexiteers are still wittering to themselves. There are only 3 possibilities: May’s Botched Brexit which makes Britain poorer. No Deal Brexit which makes Britain even poorer. Or A People’s Vote for Better Britain.  
Does anyone seriously doubt  Trump would do a better job with Brexit negotiations than Mrs May?  
Takes a mighty feat of cognitive dissonance for regular UK folk to look at #Dyson building cars in Singapore, Rees-Mogg moving his  to Dublin & Lawson taking French citizenship and still think #Brexit is for the good of all. 
#PoliticsLive"Jacob Explains Why Parliament Won't Vote Again On Brexit.If no deal is agreed with EU then we #LEAVE & trade on WTO tariffsMPs will NOT be able to stop that happening" 
This advert at Stockwell underground station in London tells us all we need to know. The #BNP have shown resilience and fortitude by leading the resistance against the #immigration invasion into #Britain when others were afraid to do so.#brexit #TommyRobinson #OldBailey 
Another day,  another letter from a supplier notifying of price rises due to Brexit. Project fear = project reality.  
A survey of 1000 researchers at the UK's flagship Crick Institute shows just how bad Brexit is going to hit UK research.@TheCrick is "dedicated to understanding the biology underlying health and disease"Please SHARE this and then take action at  
Afters days of being harassed, insulted and patronised by Remain campaigners for pointing out Labour can't out vote the Tories I'm going to have to mute all Brexit talk again. I've never seen a campaign so determined to push allies away and let enemies off the hook. 
Dublin warns that Britain won’t be trusted as a world player if they follow Boris Johnson’s calls to axe the Brexit backstop plan 
Brexit is chasing off both UK and, more dramatically, EU scientists: 
#UPDATE British electric appliance pioneer #Dyson says it has picked Singapore as the site for its first electric car plant, sparking criticism of the company's Brexit-backing billionaire founder for not investing more in British manufacturing  
Bloomberg's real attitude towards Brexit should be judged not by their words, but by their actions.  
There’s something especially wrong in a minority government forcing thru constitutional changes that go way beyond Brexit; especially having lost their majority in that very issue. Even more, being held in power by DUP, itself a minority. The parliamentary system has been gamed. 
Remember when Theresa May called an election, UKIP stood down in Peterborough to support Conservative incumbent Stewart Jackson, who even changed his twitter handle to BrexitStewart to prove how much he loved Brexit, and then he still lost his seat to Labour. Good times #cretin 
Passionate Leaver Sir James Dyson has delivered a stirring vote of confidence in Brexit Britain - by manufacturing his new electric cars in Singapore  
#Dyson abandons British Maufacturing for Singapore. Says all we need to know about "Global Brexit" Britain!! 
#EUsupergirl on the @Eurostar heading to Dijon for a debate 17h mercredi @sciencespo University "#Brexit: 5 mois pour negocier l'impossible"  with @JeunesEuropeens & @SchamsEU I'll be making the case to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote #WeAreEurope  
I've read this #Dyson story twice now and simply don't see any relevance to #Brexit - despite others best efforts. Dyson started manufacturing in Asia in the early 2000s, with UK operations focusing instead on R&D, and has expanded both since the #EUref. 
So yet another Brexiteer businessman chooses to have his business outside of the UK. Anybody would think Brexit is all about money........#Dyson 
No doubt the King of the Netherlands, on a state visit, will be expressing concern about the impact of no deal Brexit on aviation. He is a trained KLM pilot! 
tweeting slurs at a children's hospital to ensure we get a proper Brexit 
Extraordinary to see VfB board members appearing to call for a referendum rematch when the original they sent to The Times is so different.Compare them below.Story:  
NEWS! Hard Brexit supporter, James Dyson, to build patriotic new car plant in nearby Singapore  
Come on Tory MPs,get those letters inTory MPs need to realise that they're finished if they don't deliver the #Brexit they promised at Election & #EURefTory MPs need to remove PM & get a new PM who actually believes in Brexit & who will get us out of the EU prontoNo more delay 
This Thursday the @BrexitReadyIRL roadshow reaches Dublin. You can join me there for an update on #Brexit and receive bespoke support from all of our state agencies under one roof. Businesses should register here: . 
"London Spitfire are your home team""Paris has an all-EU lineup""London Spitfire won the inaugural season""Paris has some of your favourite players from Contenders""Brexit"  
EXCL: Ingredients for 1kg of @UKLabour Brexit Fudge have been revealed- 400g of sugar-coated promises- 300g of milk-ing economic chaos for political gain- 250g of butter-ing up UKIP voters- 50g of vanilla politicians- A dash of Jeremy Corbyn’s dense political awareness 
Singapore Dyson tells us Brexit a good idea  
So fed up with people shouting they have the answer to the Brexit problem. None of them appear capable of carrying the country with them. One thing is for sure the silliness of some Remain politicians who think 17.4 million will quietly go away is the most sickening thing of all. 
No, it's about putting your own personal interest above all those who voted in a democratic referendum @theresa_may, you're proving to be quite the absolute ruler unrestrained by law or person. 
#Brexit “patriot” James Dyson announces manufacturing of his new electric car (along with over a thousand jobs) will go to Singapore.  
Dyson: “Taxes or delays at the customs, it is not important compared to the manufacturing costs." 
What did the PV march achieve? Numbers matter & the context of Brexit in chaos made them matter more. It would take a huge crisis to overcome the practical barriers, but crucially the march put another Ref firmly on agenda. My latest Brexit Blog post:  
"If Brexit were a new drug we would now stop the study and have no hesitation in saying that the risks far outweigh any possible benefits."For those who care about the NHS, resisting Brexit should be a priority. Let's trust doctors, not the Tories.  
Remember how Dyson was going to lead a renaissance of manufacturing in the U.K. following Brexit............  
It would be nice if our elections & referenda were at the very least legal, but have we ever had one that was truly informed, unbiased & free from lies and ludicrous promises? If we voted on the #Brexit deal, would it be any cleaner/ fairer/ truer? Or bilious rantings repeated? 
Want to do something RIGHT NOW to #StopBrexit ?Here's one that'll take secondsThis petition!If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stoppedNow over 78,000 signaturesHelp get it to 100KWhat do you need to do?SIGN IT! RT it! 
I think Cressida Dick should resign. Not investigating crime in the Brexit referendum because of "political sensitivities" is in flagrant breach of her oath of office to police WITHOUT FEAR OR FAVOUR. 
I keep thinking about how the 2006 midterms were mostly perceived as a referendum on Katrina and it's pretty wild that 3000 dead people in Puerto Rico isn't even all that high on the pundit lists of fucked up things to hold Republicans accountable for 
It time to write to your MP and #WriteThisWrong and tell them how you feel about Brexit and demand a #PeoplesVote.They are particularly interested in those who have changed their mind.There are plenty of #RemainerNow. @RemainerNow 
Billionaire & Brexit campaigner James Dyson announces new car plant. But its not in Britain. It's in Singapore. You might get control of your borders, laws and money, but don't expect any patriotism from the super-rich of Brexit. They voted Leave for them, not for us. 
So it turns out the #Brexit wet dream of turning the UK into a Singapore-on-Thames global powerhouse actually means...well... Singapore.It proves brexity mouthpieces were only ever interested in profit - not Britain.Wake up leavers, your jobs & future are being exported. 
Every time someone suggests that 17 million Brits voted for no-deal. They're saying 17 million Brits voted to intentionally harm the country. They're calling all Brexit voters traitors to the UK. They're insulting the UK itself. 
Here are Dyson comments from last week having a go at companies that actually decided to make cars in the UK on their No Deal Brexit concerns:  
"The most vulnerable in our society will face the biggest burden of the post Brexit austerity – our patients will suffer."Damning indictment of Brexit by GPs, @ClareGerada & @KailashChandOBE 
Theresa May’s key ally says Leave would beat Remain by bigger margin in second vote a second referendum 
Boris Johnson becomes the 44th Tory MP to join Stand Up 4 Brexit campaign  
Hard Brexit will 'cripple science', 29 Nobel Prize winners warn Theresa May. So there was no British Scientific effort and achievement before 1972? Sometime seriously wonder about the mentality of academics 
The Conservative Party would be “rent asunder if it tried to abandon #Brexit”; ⁦@Jacob_Rees_Mogg⁩ talking to @ConHome’s @PaulGoodmanCH about possibility of ‘second referendum’   
Vacuum maker Dyson will make its new electric car in Singapore.Decision based on availability of engineering talent, regional supply chains, proximity to key target markets. Nothing to do with Brexit it says. First car scheduled 2021 - a £2bn commitment. 
 President @QuimTorraiPla: "With the mandate of the referendum of the #1O, we are launching a Republican tool to advance with the right of self-determination, the Advisory Council for the promotion of the Social and Civic Forum for the Constituent Debate 
Part of the Brexit elite for whom the whole thing is about their own business interests, eg Rees-Mogg and Ireland. And how come I have never met anyone with dry hands after using one of his 'hand-dryers'? (sic) Dyson = handshake nightmare  
A small but influential section of the Labour front bench wants Brexit. That is the root cause of why all opposition to this founders. The 'Opposition' is doing no opposing. 
James Dyson, you're going to build your new car factory in Singapore. With the longest working week in the world, no minimum wage and one of the lowest corporate tax rates on the planet, what first attracted you to the low regulation city state of Singapore? 
#MillenniumBug didn't happen 'cos experts put detailed plans together & then spent thousands of man-hours implementing them, with IT engineers often working around the clock to ensure the risk was mitigated.Do you see that kind of sensible, thought-through approach to #Brexit?  
Experts from a range of disciplines urge the Government to end its Brexit policy of "concession, prevarication and ambiguity".  
What do you mean, “Corbyn won’t let up on Brexit”, @drjanaway? Corbyn isn’t in power, doesn’t have a majority, & isn’t negotiating. The result was leave & @Theresa_May has committed to implementing it. Labour have set 6 tests & will reject ‘no deal’. Let’s see ‘the deal’. 
Tory MPs had better realise that they are finished if they don't deliver the #Brexit they promised at the General Election and in the #EURef.Tory MPs need to remove the PM and get a new PM who actually believes in Brexit and who will get us out of ther EU pronto.No more delay. 
78% of scientists from the EU that work at the UK's leading @TheCrick Institute say they are less likely to stay in the UK because of Brexit. It's already harder to recruit, they have increased costs and feel a growing distance with EU science networks.  
"Ultimately, cancer does not distinguish between Britons and Europeans. If we are to have any hope of finding a cure, we shouldn’t be making that distinction, either."A lung cancer researcher explains how Brexit is threatening the UK's health science.  
I see that James 'Make The UK Great Again' Dyson is to base his new manufacturing plant for electric cars in Singapore. Brexit for the rich. 
"It’s becoming ever clearer that Brexit is a far-right project. No wonder so many people are taking to the streets..."  
Just me, hanging out with the best looking group at @peoplesvote_uk #brexit  
As Mayor, I'll continue to stand up for Londoners by engaging directly with Europe, putting pressure on the government to change its damaging approach to Brexit and fighting for the rights of all EU citizens who have made London their home. 
What happened to the Brexit Boom for manufacturing? Big loss to the UK economy. #BrexitShambles 
Almost half the time available to make changes to the law needed for #Brexit has passed.But nowhere near half the work has been done. It's clear the only way out of this mess is a #PeoplesVoteREAD:  
It looks like young people are becoming disillusioned with Corbyn due to his support for #Brexit.Labour has a choice; enthusiastically back a #PeoplesVote or see its youth vote drain away. 
brilliant to see #Brexit cheerleader James Dyson to build his new electric car in Singapore - clear confidence in #Brexit Britain #PeoplesVote 
"It is critical that we have rules that enable researchers to travel..."Visa denials for researchers trying to attend scientific meetings in the UK could ramp up after Brexit and threaten the UK's ability to deliver "great science." 
James Dyson ranks amongst Brexit's most prominent supporters, but today it's revealed that he's snubbed Britain for Singapore, opting to build his electric car there instead. Astonishing. 
The #pound dropped on Monday amid more #Brexit uncertainty and unsettled Irish border issues. See how the major stocks performed: 
The government is ramping up its 'no deal' Brexit preparations. Let's be clear - 'no deal' means no medicines for lots of patients in the UK. Did anyone vote for this? 
More than two years after the vote the Conservative party still cannot agree what Brexit is. The British are a patient people but the patience is running out. And if you mean there will be recriminations, I agree with you.  
Hard Brexit could cripple UK science, say Nobel prizewinners  
"Dyson insisted the decision to locate production in Asia, rather than the UK, had nothing to do with Brexit… [it] was based on the availability of engineering talent, regional supply chains and proximity to some key target markets." PROXIMITY TO MARKETS  
It's hard enough to square the circle - but if you draw a bunch of random red lines over it, it's impossible, says Professor Alan Winters of @uk_tpo at @UKandEU "Negotiating Brexit" conference  
‘You’ve just made the case for a #PeoplesVote’ - Farage left stumped by Lord Adonis#Brexit 
Do you actually understand what you're doing, @jeremycorbyn?Can you understand the harm your stance on #Brexit will cause the young?The young ARE European - by birth. You are abetting that loss. Despicable.#FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemaibowCoalition 
We voted in a referendum to leave or Remain , the answer was clear. The fact is that MPs back Remain by 70% despite both parties having manifesto commitment to leave the single market and customs union. What comes next won’t be pleasant ..  
Nobel-prizewinning scientists call on UK and EU leaders to maintain the “closest possible cooperation” on science after Brexit.  
It was bad enough that the Remain campaign was fronted by Cameron and Corbyn and staffed by the likes of May who have since become born-again Leavers. Now we find this. It appears the Remain horse was nobbled. So much for a fair referendum. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Sharp, excellent piece from @zoesqwilliams  - absolutely correct to say that there is no deliverable Brexit that is not a disaster for workers, families and public services 
James Dyson - making Brexit Britain great again    
I'm loving reading the Brexiters' comments backing Dyson's decision. Since when was Brexit about creating highly-skilled jobs for other countries? I don't remember hearing anyone talking about that during the Leave campaign. 
This is getting serious. The government is set to instruct companies to prepare for a no-deal Brexit. This will force many SMEs and even large manufacturers out of business - or at least out of the UK. Jobs will bleed. via @financialtimes 
Some news for you @Arron_banks - Brexit isn’t being discredited by a Tory MP and @guardian - it’s discredited by incompetence, deceit and threats of backstabbing by those who claim to be Brexit “leaders.” #titanicsuccess #loveyourwork 
-James Dyson backs #Brexit-Now his company will build a new electric car - in Singapore-'Because of access to markets and availability of expertise' 
. @M_AndersonSF after last week's EU summit, Martina meets with Michel Barnier and @collettemca_ to discuss the importance of a legally operable Backstop in the Withdrawal Agreement. There will be no WA unless there is a Backstop. #Brexit  
Yes, it used to be the anti-Brexit forces opposing Mrs May. Now they back her. The Mail still backs her even though she is now heading in the opposite direction and pro-Brexit forces are up in arms about her. Most peculiar.  
Michelle O’Neill to deliver 2018 Wales Governance Centre Annual Lecture“The Future of the Union after Brexit” 
(1)We are getting a whole new set of "big demos achieve nothing"  pundit comment after the "People's Vote" demo. Almost always from people who don't want demos to achieve anything. I'm 100%  against a 2nd Referendum, but it's nonsense that "demo's don't ever work" 
Back down on Brexit or face revolt, May warned 
 Scotland’s Chief Economist @Garygillespie42 has published the #SGStateoftheEconomy report. Forecasts suggest growth could strengthen further however #Brexit uncertainty remains a key concern for many sectors of the economy. Read his report  
Brexiters to public:“Brexit will be good for jobs”Brexiters when making decisions about their own companies:“ANYWHERE BUT BRITAIN FOR FUCKS SAKE, DO YOU WANT US TO GO BANKRUPT???”  
Brexit feels like 1981 when Ultravox's Vienna was kept off the No.1 spot by Shadapp You Face. Something culturally rich, of which Scottish people could feel proud, narrowly defeated by a bloke pedalling crass national stereotypes. 
Rees Mogg is parking his cash in Dublin. Lawson has French residency. Redwood is telling everyone to take their money out. Legatum billionaire buys his family EU passport. Pattern there. Brexit for mugs. 
Are you happy with the British government's Brexit plans for self-inflicted economic sanctions?Me neither.#StopBrexit Demand a #PeoplesVote from your MP to #WriteThisWrong 
May says she’s delivering what people want - A Lie!No one voted for ChequersNo one voted for NI / all-UK indefinite Backstop Customs UnionNo one voted for extended Transition PeriodNo one voted for UK to Leave only to obey #EU rules with No say#Brexit 
As I say in this week's @theneweuropean @MPphilwilson made one of most important speeches on Saturday. Brexit a moral issue for @uklabour  My constituents backed Brexit. But I didn’t enter politics to make them poorer | Phil Wilson  
No Anna, Andrew Bridgen, as part of Jacob Rees-Mogg's little Brextremist cabal, represents a clear threat to our national security, by lying to Parliament and to the Public about the Good Friday Agreement and how Brexit undermines it. 
If these words from the Prime Minister on the “national interest” mean anything then they mean we are not going to have any version of her Botched Brexit and we will have a People’s Vote instead.  
Voting opened yesterday in British Columbia's referendum on scrapping Westminster-style first past the post voting.  
A little disingenuous from Adam here - one of our foremost (and supposedly independent) broadcasters. From his timeline his personal views could hardly be clearer - including regularly retweeting the most headbanging anti-Brexit campaigners like Campbell and Adonis.  
You campaigned for remain because #brexit wasn't in the national interest.  
1/ @davidallengreen makes compelling points The referendum paradox is:If Parliament is sovereign & should assert itself to organise a referendum, why not do its job in the first place & assert itself over the Brexit process...  
Science needs "the flow of people and ideas across borders," write 29 Nobel laureates on #Brexit and research  
Leading Brexiter James Dyson awards the contract to construct his new electric vehicle to Singapore (not Britain).  Meanwhile, thanks to his Brexit campaign,  jobs at BMW, Nissan, Toyota, Land Rover, Airbus and others are in jeopardy.  You have been conned ladies and gentlemen. pic.twitter.com/qjvn32lbb3 
My constituents backed Brexit. But I didn’t enter politics to make them poorer | Phil Wilson  
Now here's a patriotic Brexit-backer who truly believes in Britain, and jobs for British workers.  
How likely do Britons think it is that there will be another in/out referendum before we leave the EU?Likely - 20%Unlikely - 65% 
It’s not a small part of the NE economy - it’s one of our biggest employers. Protecting it through Brexit must be a priority, thousands of jobs and livelihoods depend on it  
Another wonderful gift from Mr James Brexit-will-be-great-for-British-Business-it's-just-that-I-don't-manufacture-a-single-one-of-my-products-there Dyson.Stinking. Hypocrite.  
Remember, when rich people say that Brexit will be better for us they aren't including you.  
We will NEVER buy one of his products. I heard him say with Brexit I can sack any worker I choose to. Right wing fascist git. Rich elitist ruthless git. Manufacturing outside the U.K. his agenda is obvious. Deregulation is paramount to these people. 
Sorry didn’t Dyson come out in favour of Brexit he should be contractually obligated to build his vacuum car here  
All these stupid letters after your name are befuddling your brain. The OBR deficit forecast without Brexit for 2018/19 was £21bn. It will end up just a tad higher ie no real difference. Doh!  
Brexiteer claims a fresh referendum would be too ‘humiliating’ for the UK 
I wish all the FBPE brigade would realise that the Tories could stop Brexshit TODAY if they wanted .. why not direct your anger at them the party that brought us this divisive referendum 
You reap what you sow! The wilful misrepresentation of British history has contributed a large section of the population vulnerable to manipulation. Brexit is in many ways the result of that.  
Brexit news - LIVE: Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen says 'we have to change prime minister' if policy not overhauledSooner rather than later though, I hope 
Dear Leavers, the EU is far from perfect. It wastes money, it's complicated, it has annoying rules which may or may not go too far in terms of protecting consumer rights etc. But the above have far far less impact on your day to day family and business life than Brexit. 
It now appears that Stuart Rose the extremely disengaged, lackluster chair of the Remain campaign was just a few years previously......founder of the extreme eurosceptic “Business for Britain”, one of the pro #brexit organs of the highly secretive Tufton street organization....  
.@JeremyCorbyn and the @UKLabour leadership have defied us all with their ‘Brexit fudge’.Inspired by Willy Wonka himself, the Labour’s opposition to #Brexit is just ‘pure imagination’. 
Brexit enthusiast James Dyson to build his new car in... Singapore.  
Government is issuing emergency no deal instructions to businesses.If anyone is seriously implying there's going to be no significant impact on confidence, investment or the economy from this utter #Brexit shambles they need to go and have a good lie down 
Massive boost for post-Brexit UK manufacturing!  Oh, it says Singapore. 
Weak Quislings like you who gloat at your own people being assett stripped should stay in your beloved EU.Nations can survive many things but not traitors from withinYour pro-EU political class was beat with Brexit & people will keep on beating you till we've our country back  
Gina Miller on Brexit & ending the chaos | Unfiltered with James O'Brien @mrjamesob via @YouTube 
When 750000 people marched together to try to bring an end to Brexit, the absence of even a statement from the Official Opposition is a dereliction of duty - for people to troll @JamesMelville for bringing this to our attention is indefensible. #PeoplesVote 
The company headed by Brexit-backing James Dyson chooses to make its new gear away from Britain. You’ll hear a lot about this today.  
Daily Mail continues to paint Theresa May as a heroic figure “battling for Brexit”. She is a coward -betraying it.  
Before Referendum (March 2016), OBR forecast £21bn deficit for 2018/19.After Ref (Nov 2016) f/cast rose to £46bn.By 2018 Spring statement, f/cast still £37bn.In Mon. Budget it will reveal its pre-Ref f/cast was most accurate.So no Brexit-induced collapse in public finances. 
Governments response to Codswallop @carolecadwalla and her equally looney collaborator @DamianCollins theory that Russia influenced Brexit and of course paid for it via @Arron_banks @CommonsCMS 
Romania's EU Presidency will have a key role in shaping the new EU27, delivering concrete results on MFF, asylum reform and Brexit. A warm welcome to President @KlausIohannis. #EURoad2Sibiu #FutureofEurope 
The Brexit talks are not about my interests. They are about the national interest – and the interests of the whole of our United Kingdom.  
I agree. You should be able to criticise on Twitter without either:a) being a troll; orb) being trolledAt the same time, Twitterers set the agenda and Corbyn clearly isn't:1) a spy2) an architect of Brexit3) a racist4) the biggest threat to the nation's interests 
Brexit is beyond party politics.A mass of British people from all parties - big and small - are coming together to find a way out.It doesn't matter if you're Tory or Labour, Green or SNP, Lib Dem or even DUP.Nobody voted for this chaos.@peoplesvote_uk 
May will not be changed in her determination to deliver a Brexit in name only. She must be replaced.  
Concerns about Brexit are very high here at the Crick, with only 3% of our scientists believing the scientific community is being listened to  
Myles voted leave. He was led to beleive that his brexit vote would not be taken as one to leave the single market. He still favoured a EEA type brexit until about Six months ago, but he is a full #RemainerNow & plans to join the event in HOC tomorrow.@myleshsg#PeoplesVote 
Tory MP slams Theresa May for continuing to participate in the integration of EU armed forces & the creation of an EU army even after the Brexit vote. The government is still paying huge sums into EU defence programmes. The government want an EU army..  
Dyson's Backing Brexit. Not with his money, you understand. But you have his moral support.  
I’ve been banging the drum for an #EEA-based #Brexit for 2 yrs now so great to have colleague @frankfieldteam join me, alongside wide range of MPs from both sides of the House. Only option that can solve Irish Q, respect 52:48 vote & help reunite Britain 
Amber Rudd used to "absolutely accept the result". Holding a second referendum to overturn the result of the first one is absolutely NOT respecting the result.  
Grossly irresponsible tweet from @adamboultonSKY, insinuating a Remoaner riot could overturn Brexit. The MSM just can’t stand that against all the odds and the scaremongering, the British People didn’t listen this time! Support us at  
@bbcquestiontime When will you be inviting @JasonJHunter and @mikegalsworthy on the panel? It would be good to see somebody who has a firm grasp of the #Brexit facts. #PeoplesVote 
"The country is simply not uniting around any vision of Brexit at all." - @campbellclaret. 
I'm gonna put this a little more succinctly.  Post-Brexit, UK farming is utterly fucked.You already had competitor agric giants (Canada, Australia, Brazil, US, Ukraine, NZ etc) Now you've made the giant farming industry of the EU your COMPETITOR.Not yr partner. COMPETITOR.  
Talk of a “temporary” Brexit transition brings to mind the “temporary” introduction of income tax in 1799. 
Wondering about whether to send  @Daily_Express a demand for a licence fee for infringing my copyright with this article, which it has lifted from @DailyMirror.Also, author @JBickertonUK falsely describes me as an "outspoken supporter of Remain" during Brexit campaign.  Nope.  
CNN anchor @richardquest was this morning hosted by @984inthemorning presenter @Maqbuli in an exclusive interview where he talked about attracting and retaining investors, governance, Brexit, KQ and the aviation industry and much more. . @CapitalFMKenya 
No wonder Brexit's a mess when until recently this charmer was a key negotiator  
This is very significant... the Daily Mail absolutely ripping into no-deal Brexit Tories and saying they are endangering Brexit.Our nation is in chaos. Brexit is a clusterf—-Surely the public have the right to ditch the lot. Time for a #PeopleVote 
Goodness me, well I guess it’s because the leadership of both sides were drawn from the exact same class of bloodless professional grifters who had correctly spotted that the EU Referendum was a wildly inept attempt to shore up Tory support among racist pensioners.  
Quite apart from the factual errors, the argument that “X is only a relatively small part of the economy, so is expendable for the greater glory of the Holy Brexit” falls apart once every “relatively small part” of the economy has been destroyed, one by one.  
I feel sorry for decent British people who see themselves represented on the world stage by the lumpen halfwits of the Brexit cult. We Irish nod sympathetically as we recall the shameful history of Boyzone. 
Sad to see a vocal condescending minority in UK blaming Ireland for Brexit shambles. Encouraging, however, that decent values remain strong in Britain and that most of our neighbors want to continue to build on friendship and respect which characterized Queen’s visit to Ireland. 
Bollocks to Brexit!It cannot and will not happen & no amount or pretending that Saturday's massive march was a mirage will insulate Theresa May & the Brexiteers from the fact that Brexit is complete Bollocks 
Very good meeting with colleague @Jeremy_Hunt in London this morning. Discussed a range of topics: cyber sanctions, Russia, Gulf region and Brexit. Strong cooperation between our countries. #NorthSeaNeighbours #NLUK 
This issue goes beyond party loyalty to the safety and security of the country. You will need to do more than toe the party line if you want to be seen to put the country first. #Brexit#StopBrexit with or without a #FinalSayForAll 
Rudd thinks a leadership election would be an "indulgence" and a "huge mistake", but doesn't think a second referendum would be...  
George EEA is a disaster for U.K.: we cannot have no control over EU laws that effect our entire manufacturing industry - Norway has only oil, gas, fishing & some defence. We are 12 times the size. Nor does EEA deliver control of borders - many voted Brexit to control immigration  
I should be shocked. I'm not. I'm just deeply disappointed, gutted to be fair. I don't think I have it in me to ever forgive @UKLabour for their cowardly & gutless handling of Brexit.  
A withering attack on Johnson, IDS and the Conservative backbench Brexiteers who are behaving like ‘cowards down the ages’ from .... wait for it ..... The Daily Mail. Brexit has truly reshaped UK politics.  
In the Brexit debacle I feel not enough opprobrium has been thrown at Nick Timothy with his idiotic incoherent unworkable red lines, unthinkingly adopted by the clown at number 10. One of the stupidest things ever proposed in politics and by someone alleged to be a great thinker 
BLOCK: Amber Rudd insists MPs wouldn’t allow No Deal Brexit. The campaign to frustrate, delay and stop Brexit continues. Despicable.  
Dear Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, you were in Geneva on Saturday instead of London. We marched to protect the NHS, our human & workers rights, our jobs, economy & prosperity, our childrens futures. Do you believe your #Brexit will offer the same protection & benefits as we have now? 
It takes years to negotiate trade deals. We have to replace all the deals we lose via the EU because of Brexit and you can’t just scratch out EU and put UK.Negotiating deals from scratch will take many years.Our economy will suffer in the meantime. 
To frame this stage of the Brexit process by using a rugby analogy (because, God knows, I frame everything else by reference to rugby, so why should Brexit escape that treatment): the All Blacks. 1/ 
A lifetime’s experience of negotiation (much of it international) leads me to agree with Mr Levenson #Brexit  
I believe the ‘People’s Vote’ agenda is not actually to win a second referendum but to cause so much delay and frustration with the process that Labour get in or the country gives up on Brexit. It’s not going to work - & the British people are increasingly angry at such arrogance  
Actual homelessness > Faux "Political homelessness"That's why many remain voters like me back Corbyn, who stands on the most socially progressive platform in decades, ahead of the "But what about Brexit?" circle jerk. #GTTO #JC4PM #Brexit 
Brexit is not and never has been about democracy or the will of the people. Its about keeping control of the populous by keeping them poor and keeping the rich as the ruling class above the law. 
“The overwhelming negativity of scientists towards a hard Brexit should be a wake-up call.”*Should* be, but we’re now living in an age in which many dismiss science, reason and expertise, preferring instead to put their faith in snake oil salesmen.  
Which side of the Brexit argument asserts apocalyptic scenarios where Britain runs out of food, medicines, planes no longer fly and economic collapse leads to mass unemployment? De-dramatising the debate takes two.  
The Brexit referendum was fraudulent and, in any case, advisory but it was turned into a full legal commitment in Parliament by Theresa May with the support of Jeremy Corbyn almost every step of the way.He even wanted to trigger Article 50 the day after the referendum. 
WATCH: we should be spending more money on POLICE to deal with rising crime - not #Brexit - my question to the Treasury Minister yesterday in Parliament. Time for a @peoplesvote_uk #FinalSayForAll 
If you like my sardonic tweets on Brexit, you will love trade expert @DavidHenigUK's tweets. 
No-deal Brexit is a 'perfectly good outcome' says MP. Listen live ►  
I hope that all @WelshLabour Assembly Members will be showing support for the #PeoplesVote rally for Future Generations outside the #Senedd today. This is the most important issue facing us in a generation. @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit  
Looky here Sinn Fein MEP now sitting down with Barnier in Strasbourg. Let me guess which way of delaying, denying or stopping #Brexit is being discussed?  
Today I will be joining the @FFSake_ and @WalesForEurope #PeoplesVote Rally. I'm honoured to be speaking alongside some inspirational young people who are fighting for their rights & for a say in their futures. @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit #ChangeTakesCourage 
Brilliant article by Tim Stanley on how May is squandering Brexit. But an even greater scandal is how the gutless cabinet have let her get away with it.   
Fantastic work by Sir Paul Nurse telling Science Minister @SamGyimah on @BBCr4today just now that the EU talent in our top labs do *not* feel valued and the government’s tone on Brexit is causing deep pessimism in UK science community. 
Sam Gyimah on @BBCr4today tries to defend a badly-done brexit in the face of the anger of the science community - who he probably entirely agrees with.But, through his deflection and insistence he personally cares and understands, you get the sense he dislikes having to this 
Yes!! Sir Paul Nurse telling the Science Minister directly on @BBCr4today that Brexit is absolutely turning off Britain’s young scientists...... telling him that the messages coming out of government are hugely detrimental & we must face down the extremists in government. 
Today at 2.30pm @CommonsHealth will be hearing from @MattHancock @JNJCares @TamaraHervey @ABPI_UK @NHSProviders@HDAMartinSawer on the implications for health & contingency planning for No-Deal Brexit Find out more here: … #BrexitHealth 
Anybody else clean scunnered with Brexit? 
Any comment on Brexit? Anything? I mean i know there's Chilean anniversaries to celebrate and all that but if you've got a spare 5 mins maybe something a bit Brexity too? 
Sharing some of my thoughts on business, Brexit and politics at a recent @IEA event.Can you relate to any of what I say? Do you feel the same? #speaker #panellist #eventspeaker #brexit #politics 
“Brexit is already harming the NHS. If we leave the consequences could be catastrophic”By @KailashChandOBE @ClareGerada#peoplesvote 
At any other time, Mr Corbyn could possibly, probably be the perfect man for Prime Minister, maybe. But there's the elephant in the room, #Brexit. He wants that more than anything and is prepared to lose everything for it. What is 'True Labour'? Sounds as hard to define as 'it'. 
Paul Nurse is doing a better job of holding ministers to account on Brexit than the opposition (and a lot of journalists). #r4today 
You know what? Can the fucking politicians and #brexit lot please stop using WWII metaphors to describe Brexit! A modern society should not be invoking a spirit of a war that killed millions for a constitutional change! It's also pissing on those who died! Stop it! Arseholes! 
Sir Paul Nurse on @BBCr4today right now doing sterling work highlighting the importance of science to UK economy... ...and explaining how the chaos of Brexit is hurting science. 
To the EU May’s hardening on backstop looks again like her putting  her party and her survival as PM ahead of negotiating an agreement with Brussels and avoiding a no deal #Brexit 
When the govt says the #Brexit deal is 95% done, it’s talking of only HALF the deal, namely the divorce arrangements. The other (more important) half is the yet-to-be-reached agreement on future relations, covering trade, security, research & a multitude of small practical things  
Theresa May's key ally says Leave would beat Remain by bigger margin in second vote a second referendum  
Good Morning from Germany whose export model sputters. Several of Germany’s biggest export mkts suffer from uncertainty. China (Germany's 3rd largest export mkt w/exports of €91bn over last 12mths) is in crisis. UK (€83bn) suffers from uncertain consequences of Brexit (via CBK)  
Amazing - @BBCr4today leads with this story about Nobel scientists warning about impact of #brexit on science  
Looks like head on collision with EU. Brussels says U.K. agreed to an “all weather backstop” so it cannot have a time limit and must be written in to the withdrawal agreement ie NOW - during transition which is AFTER Brexit day. See my blog:  
My advice to civil servants: have nothing to do with Brexit if you have choice of work. If you are a senior official, don’t do anything ethically dodgy & be careful that ministerial instructions don’t cross this line. There will probably be a public enquiry so be very careful 
Friends! I believe passionately in free speech! But only, of course, if it's *correct*!So I will not be part of any process that risks legitimising or normalising Far-Right, racist views, e.g. supporting Brexit, the Tories, so-called "freedom", "democracy", "free speech" etc.  
In every possible post-Brexit scenario the north of Ireland will be hit hardest of all regions across these islands; not one of my constituents will be more prosperous. Rees-Mogg will be more prosperous as he relocated his business in the eurozone in recent weeks...  
Brexit is confusing, so we asked what you wanted to know. We've answered your questions  
Pie in the sky George. The only Brexit that can now work is no Brexit  
Some dates for the diary folks, I'll be speaking in Sunderland on 25th, Chelmsford on 26th, Saxmundham on 27th, Plymouth on 29th, Exeter on 30th, Folkestone on 31st October.Talks Include:1.  How did we get here with Brexit?  2.  Where is here?3. What can we do about it 
It was excellent to meet Carl Benjamin (a.k.a Sargon of Akkad) and to discuss Sadiq Khan, Brexit, Political Correctness, Identity Politics, Muslim Grooming Gangs and UKIP past & present. Watch the interview here:  
Britain Isn’t Just Losing Brexit. Europe Is Winning It. – Foreign Policy  
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
Telegraph letters page on the perils of expressing Brexit talks in percentages. As a Labour MP said yesterday, the Titanic had completed 95pc of its journey...  
'Keep your eyes on the prize': says Theresa May. Yes - the prize she has in mind is a Brexit in name only and perpetual linkage to the decaying islamifying EU.   
- Jean, you’re out early. And hello, Jean’s wee dog- Woof- What’s she woofing, Jean?- She says the current state of the Brexit negotiations ...- Woof woof- ... is xenophobia doing origami with economics - True for you, wee dog- Woof 
On Wednesday 3rd October, Plaid Cymru put forward a motion in the National Assembly for Wales calling for a People’s Vote.The motion was rejected by the Labour Party, Conservatives and UKIP, with the only Lib Dem AM abstaining on the vote. #plaidcymru #brexit 
Good news that May has “defied Brussels over the Irish border”, but appalling and unacceptable that she’s still demanding either an extended transition or an all-UK Customs Union.  We want neither. Either could become permanent, & neither represents Brexit. 
Labour will be forced to oppose May's Brexit deal, Sadiq Khan warns EU  
Nobel scientists make Brexit plea for free movement and funding  
Some news for you @DamianCollins . A letter to all your voters is being delivered in the next few days! Top of the agenda the Fake news committee & how a Tory MP conspires with the @Guardian to discredit Brexit!  
I voted remain in the referendum, and also in this poll. 48k have taken part, and it’s looking like #peoplesvote would go the same way as the referendum, judging by this poll. It’s a general election we need, not another divisive referendum.  
Pragmatic, deliverable, unifying Brexit anyone?   When EFTA/EEA can unite @NadineDorries @DanielJHannan @NickBoles @GeorgeFreemanMP & MPs across all parties & traditions (not to mention William Hague, David Owen & MrsT) it must be worth taking seriously, no?    @EFTA4UK 
Did you vote leave because you liked the idea of brexit and were told by the likes of @michaelgove that economic warnings were just project fear?Well this is reality.It's ok to change your mind in light of new information.Join many others as a #RemainerNow & fight brexit!  
Simple Poll (as Brexit is, unarguably, the main issue facing Britain now.) If there was a General Election tomorrow, would you vote Liberal Democrat? 
"Theresa delays #Brexit for 5 and a half years" - This can now only be deliberate sabotage.Read the summary here:  
#TuesdayThoughtsCome on Brexiteers. This can be our protest march.We sign this petition. Let's get it to 100K quickly. Stop a 2nd referendum on Brexit. 
Apart from scepticism about invoking article 112, this is a really excellent piece, by ⁦@TheScepticIsle⁩ . Clear and comprehensive overview of the benefits of an #EEA-based Brexit. Should be essential reading for every MP, before the crunch vote.  
Good analysis by @RSylvesterTimes points out Vote Leave leaders once favoured another referendum and @peoplesvote_uk @LabPeoplesVote only way of resolvig #BrexitShambles @OwenSmith_MP @Labour4EU 
Shock horror ! Scientific research would be severely damaged by a No Deal Brexit! Why does it take a letter from Nobel prize winning scientists to wake up the BBC to what has been obvious to the rest of us from the start? 
Think artist Peter Scott captures Brexit perfectly.  
Remainers falsely framed the Brexit vote as a choice between economic stability and democratic legitimacy, writes @chrisbullivant 
So it turns our Brexit is good for the EU and terrible for Britain.Wooda thunk it? 
Nobel scientists make Brexit plea for free movement and funding  
Let’s not forget what that referendum was about. 6 years on from her death, we still have no abortion access in Ireland and we’re in danger of legislation that doesn’t serve the needs of the most marginalized. Let’s also remember that her death was about racism as much as the 8th  
You cannot make a life changing decision on a flimsy opinion poll that happened two and a half years before the facts were known.  If Brexit is so good for Britain it needs to be endorsed by a well informed public giving its consent. #PeoplesVote 
Absolutely nobody said that we would make a success of Brexit. 
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  Signed and retweeted. We must stop this as it a direct attack on democracy in Britain by the undemocratic EU. 
When the margin in a rigged referendum nearly two and a half years ago was so slim, how can anyone believe there is still a majority of the UK electorate in favour of Brexit? Only if, like most Brexit fanatics, you are a fantasist. The #peoplesvote is urgently needed. 
BIG MOUTHLeo Varadkar never misses an opportunity to undermine Britain. Now he is busy making jokes about bailing us out if Brexit goes badly. But there’ll be nothing funny for the Irish economy if his puerile comedy routine stops Ireland trading with their closest neighbour.  
Talk to them at social functions or parties and you'll hear them openly proclaim that, "In the US, I'm a leftist, but in India I'm a rightist"!!! They complain about Trump, Brexit, growing racism in Europe, etc. but openly support BJP's poisonous politics here. 
Very disconcerting responses to this one. The Conservative Party *is* the crisis - ground zero, the end boss, Brexit Central. There’s no workable response that doesn’t involve removing the Tories from power and there are *a lot* of people bending over backwards to not see this.  
This is what our poor farmers have been reduced to, stepping stones for cartels to reap from where they didn't sow. This should be a wake up call for every person to rise up and support the Raslimali Referendum. #RaslimaliInCounties 
Leading scientists urge Brexit negotiators to ensure “as little harm as possible is done to research"  we are in the amelioration phase. Leave the EU but try to make sure it is not as bad as it could be. 
#FBPE and #PeoplesVoteMarch moaning that May is trying to buy time and make the change over last as long as possible before saying just cancel BrexitWhat do you think another referendum will do? Yes! BUY MAY TIME! She knows leave will win again WE NEED A GE! 
I met a German banker last weekend who successfully applied for  citizenship after the Referendum so he could stay in London where he has lived for over a decade. Now he’s been told by his employer that they are relocating his job to Frankfurt because of #Brexit .... 
New images of Spanish Police brutality against peaceful Catalan citizens trying to vote in last year self-determination referendum. We don’t forget.  
Arguably, attending #PeoplesVoteMarch was the easy part. Now we face pro Brexit pundits from across the spectrum looking to reframe and destroy what we achieved.In particular they'll aim for the unity we displayed, which transcended party lines.Don't give them the satisfaction. 
The best way forward for Brexit has never changed: we should file an application to join EFTA as soon as possible and we should commit ourselves to making EFTA membership work. No EFTA then Canada, no EFTA + Customs Union/Arrangement/Partnership, just EFTA. #efta 
this is how 95% of Biafrans gathered in the streets across #Biafraland to listen to #NnamadiKanu the leader of indigenous ppl of Biafra on his #world #PressConference from the great Israel 21st October 2018, he controls everywhere, we need Biafra Referendum or No peace in Nigeria  
Scientists have warned of the crippling impact of hard Brexit  
Some people just get how monumentally stupid Brexit is...  
Understand that @SadiqKhan is going to discuss Brexit with Barnier, this week. Surely the Local Government Ombudsman or NAO should urgently look at this, waste of public money.  Khan has no competency for foreign affairs - indeed no competency other than virtue signalling. 
Brexiteers are running scared of democracyA #PeoplesVote would be a chance to look for the first time at a clearly defined Brexit and decide.UCL Constitution Unit:"popular votes work best when held at the end of the process" 
We know Brexit will make Jacob more prosperous as he moves his family’s money around the world,  but ‘us’ doesn’t include the rest of us  
Why Estonia, at 100, is so deeply fearful of its neighbours & so wedded to EU & NATO. Each of these occupations came with massive bloodshed & civil strife. ‘The biggest threats to us now are Trump & Brexit,’ a leading Estonian politician tells me  
A short video I made; 2010 - Death of the Welfare State.#UniversalCredit & #PIP could have been revolutionary but from the outset they've left a trail of suffering and death.Hundreds of thousands marched against Brexit yet none for those dead to austerity & welfare reform...  
'A People's Vote on Brexit will be impossible without cross-party consensus'  
The #Referendum YES has 13488 votes (56.35%), NO has 10449 votes (43.65%). Voter turnout is 28292 (33.04%), but 23937 (27.95%) for the referendum question. So not binding, but almost all those elected pledged to respect the outcome!  
More #UK citizens live and work in #Canada than in the closest #EU nations combined.Another reason why #CANZUK is the best option after #Brexit.  
All these people voted to 'Remain' in the EURose WestDavid LammyDiane AbbottTerry ChristianDennis NilsenGary GlitterAnna SoubryGary LinekerPeter Sutcliffe Zig & ZagBob GeldofGina MillerJK RowlingDelia Smith Do you want to be associated with this lot? #Brexit 
Please see our offical statement on the results of Kingston's Ranked Ballots Referendum. Full text is also available on #YGK #YGKVotes@Elliotatthewhig @RockneCorrigan @kingstonist @CKWS_TV @CBCOttawa @CBCOntMorning @989THEDRIVE @HeyBenMcLean @acoyne 
Brexit put in terms every Brit can understand.#Brexit  
Getting started on our second telephone townhall to talk to #CUPE members about the referendum on proportional representation. #ProRep 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
“The people want LRT” @FredEisenberger he’s not messing anymore “they got their referendum” 
Benefits of Having your #Brand on Social Media. #Market #SocialMedia #SMM #DigitalMarketing #ContentMarketing #GrowthHacking #InternetMarketing #Business #Marketing #ecommerce #BrexitBritain #brexit #BigData #socialmarketing #success #startup #marketing 
City of Kingston, ranked ballots referendum:  
Brexit, empire and cultural dementia. David Andress demolishes lazy nationalism  @ProfDaveAndress @Natt @HistoryHit #brexit #nationalism #history 
UK's #May says #Brexit deal almost done  
B.C.’s referendum on electoral reform is underway.If you’re still confused about proportional representation, check out our five-minute video explainer on the three proposed systems. #bcpoli 
It's time for electoral reform in Canada. If you live in BC, please vote YES in the upcoming referendum. #bcpoli #pr4bc 
Remember, everyone: the anti-LRT gang insisted on making this election yet another referendum on #yesLRT. Well, the people have spoken and the pro-LRT candidate is winning with a clear majority. Time to put this debate to bed and finish building it. #HamOnt 
If you think the A50 negotiations have been a shambles, just imagine how it'll be when this troop are called on to deal with the day to day reality of Brexit.It'll be an unprecedented, non-stop disaster.That alone should make you want a #PeoplesVote 
I don’t think kicking Corbyn will change Brexit in any way and more likely to perpetuate Tory rule and dismantling of the state.I honestly believe that the Libdems would jump back in to bed with the Conservatives in the blink of an eye.I’ve learned a lot about “centrists”. 
Salman Rushdie blasts ‘unworkable’ Brexit and men ‘bleating’ about their lives being tougher  
Extraordinary from the man that DDavis chose to have as his Chief of Staff when he was BrexSec. There's something about Brexit that make turns some Tories potty.  
The midterms will be a referendum on whether America has suddenly and inexplicably lost its mind.  I'm going with no.  America is quite sane and will remain quite #MAGA. 
Tens of thousands of Kashmiris brave strict curfews and threat of deadly violence to attend the funerals of those martyred by the Indian occupation forces.Every martyrdom, every funeral, every protest, and every strike is a referendum.#FreeKashmir#KashmirPlebiscite 
Brexit: learning difficulties - Failing to understand what is involved, it is no surprise that Mrs May is unable to craft a credible response to the EU's demands. Instead, yesterday, she took us four steps closer to a "no deal" scenario...  #Brexinfo. 
a few years ago getting drunk on my roof watching brexit results come in live i never would have imagined we’d soon have a US president calling himself a nationalist in opposition to globalism. i love you @realDonaldTrump 
Assuming, as is very likely now, that any Brexit deal is rejected by the House of Commons, what should the UK do?1. Rethink Brexit and Remain2. Negotiate a different deal3. Leave without any deal4. Have a general electionPlease choose and retweet. Thank you. 
Elections BC has received ballot-tampering complaint about this and are investigating. #bcpoli #referendum  
21) Should political armageddon be upon us, WE didn't cause it, we merely react to it.Bring it, the UK *needs* this reboot, #Brexit has proven that.#KeepTheFaith, she's choppy ahead. /END 
It’s almost like a Brexit-themed Goodbye Lenin, where Fox wakes up still thinking he has a job travelling around the world to negotiate third-country trade deals and nobody has the heart to tell him  
The country is nothing like as divided as you make out, Mark! Those who won’t accept the referendum result are attempting to create a divide by spreading doom and gloom, but the vast majority of people now accept Brexit and just want to get on with it! So should you!  
The call is out to organise a groundswell of support for a referendum to enshrine a First Nations Voice to parliament from 4 - 10 November. Get serious about change. Get active. #auspol #UluruStatement #FirstNationsVoice #IndigenousX 
Can Corbynistas stop pretending it's brexit or Labour when many remainers are (or were) Labour voters anyway? We want what you want we just see that brexit is fundamentally anti Labour values and know it needs stopped plus fix societal causes of brexit  
This is how extremists think.No empathy.No decency.Just hate.@BrexitStewart is Brexit.  
Of course I want the Tories out, but I also profoundly disagree with Corbyn’s approach to Brexit. That’s all. 
First shake of the clue stick: there is no such animal as a World Trade Deal.That’s a made-up expression for “the thing we’re going to be lumped with if we completely fail to get a Brexit deal”.Like calling a vacuum “Notxygen”... Doesn’t change the fact there’s NOTHING there. 
The #Brexit rant 1) In 2015 Cameron went to EU for reform.I said, if he returns with something tangible, I'd support his choice on EURef (Remain, turns out).EU sent him home with his tail between his legs & made me a hardened #Brexit supporter, when I saw them humiliate him. 
MPs slam ministers for having NO idea how much extra Britain could pay to the EU if it extended Brexit. UK taxpayers could be paying indefinitely for May's transition period, the transition no one voted for. It’s a trap..  
I find it hilarious that the @NoBCProRep side think that 50% + 1 is not a big enough threshold for the referendum to pass but giving a party 100% power with 38% of the vote is just fine. #Hypocrites #PR4BC #ProRep #proprep #bcpoli 
My friends in Bognor Regis barely dare to speak in public. They are Remainers but live in fear of the consequences of being known to be so. Brexit has delivered us into terrible times where fear pervades in a way that it has not done since the end of WW2. 
I’m voting no on the referendum because I run a GSA and carry a good number of lgbtq students on my shoulders for 2 pennies and a paper clip and raising tuition for everyone wont change the fact that AU does nothing to support identity based orgs and everything to support SG 
Hey @AndrewScheer would you consider filing an emergency court  injunction to stop Trudeau from enacting the UN Compact on Immigration until at least the Canadian public are able to vote on a referendum? Or are you still trying to figure out your support of the Paris Accord? 
German media on Brexit: "Fewer and fewer believe May can pull off a deal. ... The opposition also has no clear Brexit course"  
No Andrew. I would never support anything other than peaceful protest. But the seeds are sown. The country is utterly divided. I am sure you will be supporting your party leadership in its efforts to find a compromise - and vote a Brexit deal through the Commons? 
I saw it too. So sad. But this is how a fascist coup starts. We cannot allow brexit yo go ahead.#StooBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
All serving or future serving British military personnel including my son have had their lives put at risk by brexit. These are the joint EU operations we currently participate in for our joint security and future peace. Leaving Europol too.   
Why doesn't TM feel a duty to look at the overspending & criminality which surely swung the ref, or where Arron Banks who owns 400k of his house got £9m? She knows most intended to be in the SM, all Remain & at least 635k Leave. She very casually lies about a Brexit dividend etc.  
29 Nobel laureates & 6 Fields Medal recipients make Brexit plea for free movement & funding. Shocking Crick stats.  
2016: "Britain has had enough of experts."2018: "Experts have had enough of Britain."@Scientists4EU @royalsociety @TheCrick#Brexit 
"This is extremely dangerous to our democracy" - so glad it doesn't happen over here..... 
Gibralter and Northern Ireland will get special treatment to protect them from the Brexit Disaster, Scotland who voted to remain in the Single Market and Customs Union by 62% will get no special arrangement and will be dragged out with England & Wales.  
We're not done voting on things, BC! Electoral Reform Referendum is happening. Don't know much about it? Explained in this video. Ballots will be mail-in. Thanks @TheTyee #electoralreform #bcpoli #vanpoli #vanelexn18 
Corbyn's refusal to embrace anti Brexit with any enthusiasm keeps making less and less sense. 
Literally all she cares about is being the prime minister. She is trying to push through Brexit which she doesn't believe in & which she knows was won by criminality, screwing the country and breaking up the UK just to stay in Number 10 for a bit longer.  
Why would the winning team resort to an anti-democratic temper tantrum?Leave's rally was at the ballot box.#Brexit  
Refreshing to see @Eluned_Morgan ask the question that's been on my mind for a while - If Labour gets the Brexit general election we apparently desire so much, what Brexit policy do we put to the country? #SharpEndITV #ElectEluned 
Regardless of what side of the Brexit debate people are on, it wouldn't gave done the Prime Minister an ounce of harm to meet with those parties are are for Remain. Can't sideline public representatives. 
What's she doing there, she's got a Brexit to deliver  
“Ermm…lads, I know you’re enthusiastic about Brexit, but threatening to knife the Prime Minister isn’t a good look. Can we tone it down a bit?”“Yeah boss, you’re right. Can I call a sick kid pathetic cretin though?”“Of course you can, Stewart, of course you can” “Aww, thanks” 
For anyone not clear on who Patrick Minford is, he is THE pro-Brexit economist: the one the Leavers trot out every single time they need someone to counter the 99.9% of economists who think Brexit is a terrible idea. Now we know how he thinks Brexit is going to pan out. Nice.  
I'm deeply sceptical about @jeremycorbyn. He's gone meekly, even willingly along with a referendum result probably bought with foreign money and we hear not a squeak from him about @metpoliceuk spinelessly failing to protect the public from crimes against our democracy. 
@Andrew_Adonis offers the voice of reason and pragmatism amidst this cacophony of #BrexitChaos led by the government: "a referendum on what we know is the only way to overcome the problems created by a referendum that was won by promising the impossible"  
The government will do its best not to offend the Saudis. After Brexit, if it happens, the UK will be far more dependent on such brutal regimes. #PeoplesVote 
If Drakeford loses this it will be because of Brexit. The other two candidates stronger on needing a People’s Vote, he is defensive of UK Labour’s muddle #sharpend #sharpenditv 
It wasn't the riots that stopped the Poll Tax, it was 18M people refusing to pay & clogging up the system with bad cheques.& summonses.We're mad as hell and we're (politely) not going to take Brexit any more. #RemainSeated #FinalSay#StopBrexit 
#Brexit is now an inevitability - its now just a matter of what's best for UK - surely now the political tribes should come together and deliver a #NoDealBrexit which looks like it could save UK taxpayers around £60BN when u take the transition arrangements into consideration 
“Read the small print on the contract”. Great point by @mikegalsworthy #Brexit  
Just reading a friends thread on FB - he was beaten up on the train last night .. all for wearing an anti brexit T shirt . 
#JacobReesMogg "When the implementation period was announced, it was going to be the implementation of what had been agreed. It now seems to be a period for further negotiation, not being sure of where we're going."   #StandUp4Brexit @DCBMEP #Brexit #Tory 
Incredulous..just been told in the pub, by a non SNP 'Scottish Nat' that I am not really 'proper Indy' as he thinks we should do a Scottish form of Brexit. PS...he's never been on a march, leafleted, been to a meeting and thinks Alex Salmond still has a job in Westminster.  ARGHH 
What a load of utter pish. The only political party talking any sense about BREXIT is the SNP... How the HELL do you get paid for printing this utter BS. The Tories are making a pigs ear of BREXIT how dare you put the SNP in the same category as the Tories  
The thing that always strikes me about #Brexit discussions is how it seems like it's just a debate between the various factions in the UK. There's hardly ever any mention of what the EU want or will accept. #Newsnight 
There are many really struggling now in the UKBrexit isn't their main concern and the #PeoplesVote doesn't represent their concernsThey can't afford to feed their kids or heat their homes because of TORY AUSTERITY and RAMPANT INEQUALITY not because of BrexitWe need #JC4PM 
Angus, I really wish the SNP would just focus on Scotland. The English want Brexit. They want the Tories (see recent polls). We just need to protect ourselves. 
You are being betrayed.The U.S., New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Ukraine, Israel and Moldova have all blocked Britain’s post-Brexit entry into the World Trade Organization’s Government Procurement Agreement, a market worth $1.7 Trillion.#JC4PM #LABOUR 
A cry from the Irish border: Belfast-born actor Stephen Rea's powerful plea to Westminster on the real impact of Brexit. #cbliveWatch the video here:  
Before the referendum May described the policy she is now pursuing as an impossible con that would leave the UK poorer and at risk of break-up. She was either misleading us then or now.  
As an MLA for a riding the size of Belgium, it means lots of time on the road to serve my constituents.  With the flawed process for the Proportional Representation referendum, I can’t tell my constituents how big the riding will be! Not good enough! #SaveLocalRep #PropRep 
Demand? Does @theresa_may not remember the agreement she signed in December or the letter she wrote in March? We all want a #Brexit deal, we need a Withdrawal Agreement thy includes an Irish specific backstop; that we hope will never be needed.  
Amber Rudd says it would be “total indulgence” for the Conservatives to have a leadership election right now #newsnight | @AmberRuddHR |@KirstyWark | #brexit  
Watch our film 'Brexit: a cry from the Irish border'  #cblive 
Whatever form #Brexit takes, a high proportion of Leave voters will be dissatisfied.If we have a #PeoplesVote and the outcome is Remain, half the country will be overjoyed.Then we can invest the cost of Brexit into solving the problems that caused the Brexit vote.#Newsnight 
“I still think a no-deal will be stopped by the House of Commons“ - says former home secretary Amber Rudd, who adds that she supports the prime minister’s deal  #newsnight | @AmberRuddHR |@KirstyWark | #brexit  
Imagine if Brexit happened and she missed it 
I'm supporting a change to proportional representation in the upcoming referendum for more inclusive representation in British Columbia. Democracy doesn’t work when large groups of people don't feel represented for extended periods of time. #ProRep #PR4BC  
The words customs union were almost absent in UK news until the end of 2017. Nobody tell me people voted against one in the 2016 referendum  
Our scientific community wanted the UK to remain in the EU to protect our world class research. It’s now under serious threat. Are we really going to let one of our greatest strengths be destroyed by a mindless hard #Brexit ? 
Nobel scientists make #Brexit plea for free movement and funding  
DUP MPs 'set to back Tory Brexit rebels' in blow to Theresa May's fragile grip on power - Mirror Online  
Brexit news latest: 'One false step could trigger confidence vote' against embattled Theresa May, MPs warn | London Evening Standard  
Peter Dowd Slams Tory MP talking about austerity: "He spent 8 yrs being a cheerleader for austerity!"We hear 95% of Brexit deal has been done! - as though that's supposed to reassure us. Perhaps I could remind the govt that 95% of Titanic's journey was completed successfully.  
Given its rapid conversion to the cause of selling out Brexit, it is not just plastic that the Daily Mail is in danger of eating.  
I'm seldom shocked by what I see on Twitter, often disappointed, often saddened, seldom shocked.Meet Stewart.Stewart was a Tory MP.Stewart is Brexit at it's very worst.  
Prominent scientists are sounding the alarm on Brexit  
Compromised? May’s Top Brexit Bureaucrat Offered Millions by Big Banks   
Brexiters just seem so nasty. They cannot win on the facts or merits so make it personal. Attacking a family that is engaged & cares. This will be the ethos of a post #Brexit Britain. Zero tolerance for any different views. Or anyone who cares. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote 
Nothing makes me smile more than hearing a Brexiter saying he/she is bored with Brexit & just wants to get on with 'it'.  Fucking NEWSFLASH guys, 'it' is going to take years, & years, & fucking years. Oh, how you will shimf, moan, bitch & whine while they argue over what 'it' is! 
Meanwhile, 29 Nobel Prize-winning scientists from across Europe have written to Theresa May and Jean-Claude Juncker to advocate a Brexit deal that allows the “closest possible cooperation between the UK and the EU” to preserve scientific research.  
Breaking: Hard #Brexit ‘could cripple UK science’, warns Crick Institute  via @timeshighered #BrexitShambles #brexitreality 
Sigmar Gabriel, former Vice-Chancellor of Germany, on German TV Show Anne Will on ARD - the German equivalent of the BBC - talking about Brexit on Sunday night.'They (Tories) do not care what will become of Scotland'Translation via ARD website.(H/T: @CNicPetrat) 
#Shankill Road bombing: the row over Brexit fades into insignificance set against the grotesqueness of what we have just witnessed on @BBCnireland on that fateful day in October 1993 when the IRA bombed Frizzell’s fish shop on the Shankill Rd. Words are inadequate. 
Nobel-prizewinning scientists have urged the UK prime minister and the president of the European Commission to make a post-Brexit deal on science — or risk inhibiting progress.  
We surveyed our scientists on #Brexit - and the overwhelming majority think a hard Brexit will damage science.  
My 4 year old son said he wanted to make something scary for Halloween, so he made me this! Definitely a proud dad! #proudparent #Brexit #BollockstoBrexit @peoplesvote_uk 
Hard Brexit ‘could cripple UK science’, warn Nobel laureates How many more wake-up calls does this government need? 
What did the PV march achieve? Numbers matter & the context of Brexit in chaos made them matter more. It would take a huge crisis to overcome the practical barriers, but crucially the march put another Ref firmly on agenda. My latest Brexit Blog:  
Falling back on WTO rules post #Brexit? Looks like that wouldn’t be so easy either: 
The Tories want pie in the face Brexit, the Labour Party want pie in the sky brexit.Its time to stop backing these two absolute messes of a political party.Pre-register for the @LibDems supporters scheme here: 
"Science needs to flourish and that requires the flow of people and ideas across borders to allow the rapid exchange of ideas, expertise and technology"35 @NobelPrize and #FieldsMedal winners have signed an open letter on #Brexit and science  
Ninety-seven per cent of @TheCrick scientists think that a hard or no-deal Brexit would be bad for UK science 
Nobel scientists make Brexit plea for free movement and funding   
Eric Idle: "I pay taxes in three countries and I can vote in none of them. I wasn't even allowed to vote against #Brexit. The Russians had more say than I did." @ProfBrianCox #GuardianLive #GuardianLive 
We have an IT services business which was flourishing until Brexit now we have suffered significant reduction in orders and turnover has plummeted to the point we are now selling up for significantly less than we hoped. We are in our early 50’s and won’t be able to retire. 
This is likely and is why the Commons must vote the Withdrawal Agreement down. Anything - even a second referendum - would be a better outcome than passing a deal that will trap us in EU legal orbit for ever.  
If I'd spent my entire professional career opposing neo liberalism and the right I wouldn't be bending over backwards to make excuses for their #brexit wet dream that will screw the ordinary people of this country  
On the march I met a businessman who has a manufacturing company in Peterborough using components from the EU and some from Turkey.  As a direct result of Brexit he has had to lay off 12 staff. He was angry and really distressed. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
See, there were 700,000 people at #PeoplesVoteMarch in London on Saturday and 1024 at the “Leave means Leave March“ with Nigel Farage. I really like the video of @brexit_sham when Farage was performing in front of dogs. It reminded me of @montypython 
Norman Tebbit: Comment: We must foil this EU mafia plot to shackle Britain's tax system after Brexit  
Hmm...So, are some Centrist MPs who have spent 2 years wrongly accusing Corbyn of “enabling a Tory Brexit”, planning to save May and enable a Tory Brexit?Woah!  
Upper-middle class Remainer says that "Brexit is a victory for gammons"...Then when I push him on his definition of "gammon" and why he has used such a derogatory word he gets triggered and runs away! Full video: #PeoplesVoteMarch #LosersMarch 
To all remoaner MPs who want a second referendum. Resign your seats and stand on a second referendum ticket. That way, we can decide if we want you in parliament. 
"It sounds like a government and a Prime Minister that is losing control."Jeremy Corbyn says the Government is extending the Brexit transition period "because of its own incompetence", but Theresa May says she's "looking and working for the right deal in the national interest".  
Interesting hypothetical- what if leavers had devoted their efforts to creating an actual plan  for what Brexit might actually look like, rather than shitting the bed and then blaming remainers for the mess?  
i don't generally *do* gofundmes, but these guys are running themselves into the ground with the amount of time and money they're putting into fighting Brexit, and those responsible for Brexit; please help them stay safe and keep going!!  
They are not on our side - & have done everything they can to further #brexit - & really why they have done that - doeesn't matter to most #remain ers.#FinalsayforAll #OptionToRemain #Finalsay 26/26 - ends 
I say this as someone who campaigned for Remain and doesn't like Brexit, but whatever I post (kids being killed, famine, Brazilian fascism, you name it), people post 'WHAT ABOUT BREXIT?!'It even happened when I posted my dead father's eulogy, which was darkly funny at the time. 
Democrats are trying to make this election a Trump referendum.  So indefatigable POTUS Trump, the brawler that he is, happily (and repeatedly) puts himself fearlessly square and center in front of the media.   
Please sign & RT widely...Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  
I don't care whose mess this is - as in who started it.  It isn't a playground fight.  The Labour party feel they can try to fight another Tory mess, Austerity, but not #brexit - bc it is a Tory mess.  False position - (we aren't dupes).   23/n 
& interesting too - bc most of us see Trump & #brexit as joined at the hip.  They are funded by the same money, they have the same ethics, they even used the same campaigning methods & yes - they both used........ 18/n 
If even 99.99% of @UKLabour voters were in favour of #PeoplesVote or Remain, @JeremyCorbyn would not give a toss. He's only interested in Brexit - and building his Socialist Republic of Narnia in England's green & (formerly) pleasant lands. Tosser! #fbpe #ofoc #peoplesvote 
The Tory Brexit negotiating team await the arrival of EU Chief Official Michel Barnier..  
I’m aiming to go only 95% to sleep tonight, having got 95% into the bath (v painful) and cooked dinner 95% through (feeling nauseous)All part of preparing for Brexit 
So many psychological problems are caused by thinking you have to be strong, and independent, a castle with its drawbridge up, when really you need the help of others. It's a kind of Brexit of the mind. 
So why aren't ALL MP's standing up for Brexit? Why do some MP's insist that our country is continued to be ruled by a Foreign Power?  
Irish MP (laughably) claims "We never expect the backstop to be needed as we negotiate in good faith with the UK Government"Come again?Leo Varadkar, Simon Coveney and the EU have NEVER negotiated Brexit in good faithWhat tripe! via @Telegraph 
Mrs May @theresa_may says 95% ready.The Mayreto principle, also known as the 95/5 rule, is a theory maintaining that the last 5 percent of the alleged #Brexit deal will still require a further 95 percent effort from a divided, incompetent, backstabbing government. 
Britain must resist EU attempts to control tax policy after Brexit:  
The Brexit Deal is 95% complete.Humans and chimpanzees share about 96% of the same DNA.So it should only take Brexit 5-6 million years to 'evolve'. 
Partner & I 25 yrs from retirement. Both have small companies we’ve built up since being made redundant after financial crash. 8yrs of growth both slashed to pieces since Brexit. No ones spending. We’ve gone back to same turnover as yr.1. Like last 8yrs of work never happened 
Speaking at today's British-Irish Parliamentary Assembly in London, Seanadóir @NiallSF challenged the British Secretary of State on the need for citizens rights to be protected in the event of Brexit .@Ianmilnesf 
Watching Theresa May today in the commons on #Brexit and the #PeoplesVote it's striking when comparing to Margaret Thatcher and the Poll Tax.The game is up. It's over.Thatcher stumbled on for a few more months but everyone knew it was over.#PeoplesVote 
spiked is stronger with your support. Donate today to keep us fighting for Brexit:  
The referendum on the citizenship issue passed 80-20, so naturally the RTE panel discussing it has a 2-1 balance in favour of the 20%. There is always a 2-1 balance in favour of the liberal position, presumably out of fear it would lose a fair fight. Don't pay your licence fee.  
#PeoplesVote identifies 50 Tory MPs who could be swayed on Brexit  Your MP could be one of them, so #WriteThisWrong - write to your MP asking them to support of a vote on the final Brexit deal. It'll only take 30 seconds.  Please RT 
‘Tory half-wits pushing disastrous Brexit are insane’  
Thousands rally in Taiwan, call for referendum on independence from...  
Soubry's claim (yawn) is wide of the markBritish people (including her Leave constituents) just want our government to get on and deliver BrexitThey will never forgive her for her sustained efforts to reverse the result of the 2016 referendum 
Thought I had heard it all on #Brexit but now Brexiteer, John Stuart Agnew accuses EU of trying to ban oxybiodegradeble plastics because they are made in Britain!  
I don't want to hear "moves us even closer to a no deal Brexit". I want to hear moves us closer to action to #DissolveTheUnion. 
#ChequersPlan#quote "BLACK HOLE' Brexit where UK stuck permanently as vassal state in EU’s legal+regulatory tar-pit, still has to obey EU laws + ECJ rulings..CANNOT develop an effective international trade policy or adapt our economy to take advantage of the freedoms of Brexit"  
UK PM Theresa May said Britain's divorce deal with the EU is 95% done - but could seek an extension to Brexit transition. Watch the full parliament briefing:  
The great #Brexit swindle  
The #PeoplesVoteMarch showed it’s Remainers who are truly patriotic.It’s becoming ever clearer that Brexit is a damaging far-right project, says @zoesqwilliams.No wonder so many people are taking to the streets to demand a #PeoplesVote, and to #Remain. 
When you realise you’ve broken into the Wrong house 
From @bopinion: 700,000 people marched through central London to demand a second vote on Brexit. They're about the only ones talking sense on the matter  
Brexit  
It's not 'implementation' as the Govt calls it, it's not 'transition' either.Transition implies change toward the end state,implementation happens once something has been agreed. This is just plain postponing, or even thwarting #Brexit. May's govt thinks we don't get it?  
Of course Germany wants a Second Referendum. It is the Last Chance Saloon for its evil creation, the EU. No chance of another referendum - let the EU die the death it deserves.   
Europe is in the process of a long-term restructuring post-Brexit. And the systems and institutions it builds now for the next 50 years will have the scars of American unreliability priced in. These are not small costs to the long-term influence of the US. 
Theresa May's #Brexit statement leaves Scotland's future relationship with the European Union still in limbo, and moves us even closer to a no deal Brexit. Here are four important takeaways.  
Blah blah Brexit Trump blah blah Here's the big question of the week - what can anyone say about the Forest of Dean? 
Remainers would likely be more accepting of Brexit if any of you unfathomably incompetent simpletons had even the faintest idea as to how to make it work without destroying the country.You promised us a better life, yet two years on all you're offering is excuses. Pathetic.  
Just think, Leavers, of the sense of moral superiority you will have when a #PeoplesVote backs your vision of Brexit! Since it is, as you never stop telling us, the Will of the People!What are you waiting for? 
Polls suggest most Mexicans favour completing the new airport. But the referendum-like vote may not reflect that  
I'm sure Nadine has given a reason for why she changed her mind on this view shared shortly after the referendum. She probably gets a lot of tweets so could someone let me know what her reasoning was for doing so?  
Protect Scottish jobs? Protect Scotland's economy? Aye right, yet more 'get back in your box Scotland' from the Tories. #Brexit #Scotland 
I’m a nurse and I work for the NHS. I am seeing first hand how Brexit is destroying the NHS. It’s stopping us from recruiting Nurses into higher skilled areas such as ITU and Theatres. Those who don’t work for the NHS need to stop speaking for the NHS because they don’t have a 
It’s clear that May will serve up a #BlindfoldBrexit - withdrawal from the EU but none of the Brexiters’ promises on “the easiest trade deal in history” will be delivered.And then the Tory Brexiters will replace May, to get hard Brexit.We need a #PeoplesVote and to #Remain. 
Out for dinner and Brexit came up (again) with my Italian host family/friends.Their opinion of the mess the U.K is in and Mays handling of Brexit is what they call a ‘grande imbarazzo’ (big embarrassment) and May is a ‘scherzo’ (joke). I agree. #Brexit #TheresaMay 
Billy Connolly says:“The Brexit vote is a disaster and the breaking up of the togetherness of Europe is a crime bordering on a sin. I think the more people are together, not separate, the happier they will be."Thank you Sir! 
More people marched on Saturday than have so far lost their jobs because of Brexit.But that will soon change.We have to stop this before it's too late. Give the people the final say.#PeoplesVote 
thing is, managing internal Tory divisions has now become so identified with policymaking that a lot of commentators cannot see the difference. The 'national interest' is the victory of an idealised supposedly moderate conservatism. This is how we had Brexit in the first place.  
The noise of what I presume are Tories on the benches opposite, conversing and laughing during @joannaccherry asking a really important question - about whether the PM's bothered at all that after everything that's come out, many people voted for Brexit under a false prospectus.  
Treasury Minister @JohnGlenUK told me it’s vital we negotiate frictionless trade for the strength of our aerospace and automobile sectors. Gov’s dog’s dinner of a #Brexit means it’s unlikely.  
I asked @DominicRaab how he can reconcile Gov preventing MPs from amending the motion on the final deal with the Leave’s campaign’s promise that Brexit would allow us to ‘take back control.’ He had no answer.  
I asked @theresa_may what she had to say to the thousands of young people that took part in the #PeoplesVoteMarch, who didn’t get a say in the referendum. Her answer won’t provide any solace to the next generation.  
EU set to decide whether British citizens will need visas after no-deal #Brexit  
700,000 March in London Demanding “People’s Vote” on Brexit #PeoplesVote  
I think a lot of voters, young people included, see her as a self confessed remainer who is trying to do her best & deliver an impossible Brexit out of a sense of duty. It’s becoming clear Corbyn is a secret Brexiteer who wants to capitalise on the ensuing Brexit chaos.  
Relevant question in my opinion. Also, what was he doing in the UK on the night of the Brexit vote 2016? @thespybrief@LouiseMensch@ericgarland 
It is not the EU’s job to be an “honest broker” in the Brexit negotiations, it is protecting its own interests, as it should.  
So sorry to hear this - my turnover has dropped 50% since the referendum, I've had to take on a salaried job to try and make ends meet, hoping business will pick up when the madness is over 
Jeremy Corbyn: "The Conservative party has spent the past 2 years arguing with itself instead of negotiating a sensible deal in the public interest.""Their Brexit negotiations have been a litany of shambolic #failure & now they're begging for extra time." 
Incensed caller tells Nigel Farage "Brexit's made me so angry, it's taken over my life". 
Soooooo close Jeremy! I was with you right up until the last 5 seconds. ANY Brexit means giving up control! Your ideal Brexit, which keeps the benefits of the Single Market and Customs Union. That means we keep the benefits but lose control.A #PeoplesVote is the ONLY way!!!! 
Politicians must respect the result and NOT try to overturn it by running another referendum. After all, in the words of Justine Greening, "this is respect for democracy as well." #RightTheFirstTime 
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership  Please sign @avonandsomer @Abu_Corbyn @ActivePatriots @JeremySteptoe @ohboywhatashot @ihaveinmyhand @ASK_des @bobmca1 @UKdecockery @TheHirstComment @Englishpatrio10 @Stop_The_EU @fairy_woodland 
Agree. I'm recently seeing a lot of this revisionist 'if only remainers had compromised' stuff. It's nonsense. It was the immediate insistence by hard Brexiters that the Ref meant hard Brexit & May's endorsement, that has got us here:  1/2 
Raab and May's words are disturbing echoes of a speech Goebbels made after a Nazi referendum victory in 1933. And their reasoning is the same as his, they want to use a referendum result to delegitimise further democratic challenges to an important government policy.  
Was speaking to a Brexit supporter today, following the weekend’s march. When I mentioned the below, investment, Airbus at Broughton etc he was completely ambivalent. “So what if we lose a few thousand jobs?”, was the comment. Callous. Such as these ... #PeoplesVote 
Sky News reporter suggests only "riots" will stop Brexit.  
The FT View: Whether you agree with the prime minister's Brexit strategy or not, few would dispute that she is trying to do what she believes is in the UK's best interests. A calmer attitude is badly needed to cool down Britain's political debate.  pic.twitter.com/tUjvoneMFp 
So the man who Jeremy Corbyn appointed to handle Labour's Brexit policy, is being paid by the pro-EU law firm that represented @thatginamiller?Conflict of interest or treasonous? 
He's right - just supposing she agreed to a #Brexit deal to build a wall across Ireland and pay the #EU a trillion over the next 10 years -  would that be OK?  Same principle - small print  #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May says no second referendum. Are we in a dictatorship now then? I didn't see that in the Tory Manifesto or on the side of a red bus. 
Boris Johnson is a loud EU critic with no solutions to the Brexit crisis. As part of the EU, Britain can better stop climate chaos, corporate tax evasion, pollution & consumer rip-offs. Boris offers no credible alternative @peoplesvote_uk @PatrickStrud @LindaRiley8 @patricklilley 
The BBC told Dr @MikeGalsworthy that Theresa May had ruled out a second referendum... Watch Mike obliterate that in 40 seconds.  
When more people than are members of both main parties put together march against Brexit, both parties should listen  It's essential that we get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal 
So some Tories not happy with PM May & want her ousted for not delivering the Brexit they want!? Didn’t they VOTE for her to be leader? What?! Have they changed their minds? Yes? THEY CAN CHANGE THEIR MINDS? Apparently the British population can’t change theirs! 
John Redwood brazenly lying on #c4news that it was completely clear before the referendum that we would be leaving the SM and CU. Demonstrably false 
Convincing argument for a referendum on the terms of Brexit from @RSylvesterTimes  
A second referendum is by definition anti democratic. One was held, leave won and the government promised to implement what we ‘the people’ decided. (Admittedly they are doing this incompetently). People’s vote is dishonest last ditch tactics by people unable to accept the vote. 
Excellent news. Brexit down the toilet and almost half way around the bend. It only remains for someone to find the chain and give it a good, old-fashioned, British yank. 
Hey kids, suppose Brexit is quite complicated and not back an white? 
Brexit is not the ‘will of the people’.But most people now want to #Remain in the EU by 53% to 47%, polls consistently show.Let your MP know you want a final say.Write to them to demand a #PeoplesVote. And ask them to campaign to #Remain. 
Twisting the Knife: Remainers Try to Kill Off Brexit Debate with Language Control   
This is typical of the sort of nasty personal abuse I get.Only from men .....   #feminist #peoplesvote #brexit #sexistpig 
The Government's Brexit negotiations have been shambolic, spending more time fighting with itself than talking to the EU.The PM now threatens us with a bad deal or a no deal.She should finally act in public interest: By making way for a government that will work #ForTheMany 
So 71% wanted what we have, but didn't know we had itMrs May, you are not delivering democracy, it's a sham. Sorry for the unpleasant analogy but Hitler manipulated voters, also under the guise of a referendum. This will go down in history as Britain's lowest hour. Shame on you 
If May wanted to find out what the people meant by Brexit, she had to ask them, near the time of the referendum, when it was fresh in their minds.ComRes did that. Only 35% of Leavers thought they were voting to leave the Single Market.That is only 18% of all voters  
This is incredible. Stuart Rose - chair of the Remain campaign was a founding member of Business for Britain  - a Leave campaign - that was formed 3 years before the EU referendum. Presumably others have spotted this before.  
Maybe, just maybe, the problem with the labour leadership supporting hard brexit isn’t the party members arguing they shouldn’t support hard brexit, it’s that the leadership support hard brexit.  
I watched the biggest Sunday night german TV show - about Brexit. Very clear statements:- the whole thing is about power (Boris Johnson) not the people- there will be a border in Ireland if free movement ends- Scotland will break away from the UK due to Brexit#scotref #indy2 
Now heres a really odd thing Ive never noticed before. Stuart Rose. The chair of the Remain camp in the 2016 referendum. Was one of the founders of eurosceptic Tufton Street outfit Business For Britain  
"..It is Labour's plan, a comprehensive customs union with a real say for Britain, with no race to the bottom on regulations, standards and rights.The alternative is not 'no deal', but a workable plan."                  Jeremy Corbyn.#Brexit #JC4PM 
Corbyn’s position on Brexit is to vote down the Tory deal, force a GE and then let Parliament decide what will happen next with all options on the table.Nobody is calling you a traitor for being critical but the idea he’s this Hard Brexit ideologue is nonsense. 
Lol 2 years ago we challenged you to win a referendum and you couldn't quite come up with 17.4 million could you?  
Theresa May's support among 18-24 year olds has risen by 10% since 2017, while Jeremy Corbyn's support has fallen by 20%.Brexit is the most important issue for young people. The policy of purposeful ambiguity over Brexit isn’t working any more, they realise Corbyn’s a Brexiteer.  
Evergreen Brexit tweet Klaxon! @ottocrat 
Sorry, Shaun, the Speaker decided we would have 4 hours on Brexit instead. Offensive Weapons postponed for another day.  
A lesson in @Scottishlabour priorities.  20 paragraphs in this: 1 attacks both Tory & SNP, 11 attack the SNP only,  3 attack Tories and finishes with 5 of platitudes with no new ideas on the #Brexit crisis which is the biggest threat to working people in Scotland for generations.  
if Shallow goes #1 in the U.K. I’ll forget about Brexit 
This is right. There was already a PM statement on Brexit, for 2 hours. It was wholly unnecessary to grant two Urgent Questions on Brexit, for another 90 minutes. Brexit is important, but so are offensive weapons & matter a lot to my constituents facing Sadiq Khan’s crimewave.  
If #TheresaMay ‘s #Brexit deal is rejected by the House of Commons, should we A. Leave without a dealB. Try to negotiate a different deal C. Reconsider Brexit and remain 
Expect to see mass resignations from Scottish Tory MPs and them carrying through on their threat to vote down their Government’s Brexit. No, thought not...... 
Fascinating panel discussion hosted by ⁦@PUBLIC_Team⁩ on frictionless trade after #Brexit tonight. Experts clear Irish border *can* be resolved through new technology and trusted trader scheme. Great input too from ⁦@BenHouchen⁩ on #Teesport. 
For the second week running legislation intended to respond to the surge in violent crime has been pulled thanks to Tory shambles over Brexit.This is symptomatic of a Tory government that is in chaos and unable to govern in the National interest.  
We marched because we demand better than what this Tory Government is offering us. We demand better than the utter mess they are making out of Brexit and we demand a final say on the deal.  
i agree with 1, and i agree we can't stop Brexit without the support of the whole Labour party, but 'lovebomb the left'?  fuck off. i am the fucking left, millions of us are the left, and we want to Remain, so who is it we have to 'lovebomb'? the hard-left extremists? sod that!  
The Brexit Conservatives have 42 MPs now.  
Fishing Must Have A Clean Brexit To Survive@DefraGovUK @michaelgove &MPs must #ChuckChequers & Transition.Repatriate all resources; clamp down on EU Flagships; & allocate our resources fairly to all fishers so communities & family fishing can thrive. 
Nobody is buying this revisionism. We tried to make Brexit work and were rebuffed at every turn. If the project is now collapsing, Brexiteers might want to focus the blame elsewhere 
Sinn Féin Leader @MaryLouMcDonald has today said that Theresa May is still failing to grasp the fundamentals of Brexit in terms of Ireland."The backstop to protect Irish interests cannot and will not be temporary."  
I really resent being told I’m facilitating Brexit, ignorant or letting down my kids by not backing a People’s Vote. The PV campaign isn’t winning hearts and minds in working class communities because it isn’t tackling causes of Brexit. Never forget Brexit is a symptom. 
.@theresa_may claims 95% of her #Brexit deal is settled. We're still nowhere near. The remaining 5% includes the #irishborder for which May still has no good answer. And this is still all just the first phase of the Brexit process. Time for #PeoplesVote 
Regarding the #PeoplesMarchDid it ever occur to those opposing #Brexit that the EU is in itself fascism?Hitler‘s conquests throughout Europe had the end goal of control over a one world government; one currency, one language, etc.The EU is straight out of Hitler’s playbook. 
Thinking- as in passing 'oh well'?Where's the thinking when we're sold out to a Transiton where we re-obey CFP post-Brexit leaving EU to force obedience to detrimental rules that could cull our fleet?Cull that would allow them to claim our fish we wouldn't have a fleet to catch  
This is a great primer on the proportional referendum vote, the systems as well as a 30 minute video with two very intelligent and articulate advocates for each side of the debate - @BillTieleman and @mdobrinskaya Worth your time to read and watch. 
Anna Soubry:- Promised to respect the result of the EU referendum.- Elected on a manifesto guaranteeing the implementation of that result.- Now devoting her every moment to overturning that result.You are the reason trust in politicians is so low. And gin sales are so high.  
We should have a referendum in which the Leave side clearly define what Leave means.  
The number of MPs referencing the #PeoplesVoteMarch during the brexit debate today is evidence enough of the growing momentum all across the UK now for a #PeoplesVote  
So, as a Labour voter I am in a bind.1) Labour are the more compassionate choice to govern the country.2) The compassionate choice to govern is removed by brexit.3) Corbyn won't let up on brexit 4) Challenging any tenet of his ideology means being labelled a traitor.5) ?!?! 
This is such a phoney argument for Brexiters to try now. We literally went to court to try and secure the Norway option. Gov responded with sophistry and games. Brexit’s failure is their fault alone 
"Ireland, once a land of violent, superstitious pig people, is now a place of computer-magic and space cars. Why, they are nearly as good as us now, here in hell." Almost a direct quote from a New Statesman piece I'm reading about Brexit and the Border. 
Riots is what happens if Brexit gets stopped? 
.@SkyNews presenter suggests EU loyalists could stop Brexit by rioting; claims it's “an observation not an encouragement.” surejan.gif  
PM just stated UKgov is ensuring they'll protect Gibraltar's economy post Brexit - nothing of the sort for Scotland. 
We must foil this EU mafia plot to shackle Britain's tax system after Brexit  via @Telegraph 
During latest PM #Brexit statement @ScotTories MPs getting visibly agitated about @theresa_may failure to guarantee no sell out of #fishing industry during negotiations. Shows their political naivety that they didn’t see this one coming 
Theresa May, don't joke about the NI border. It's not fecking funny. I just watched you do it. Brexit is no longer the will of the people and had your party delivered on its manifesto and given lifetime votes to the Brits in the EU we wouldn't be in this mess. #FinalSayForAll 
Jeremy Corbyn: "The Conservative party has spent the past 2 years arguing with itself instead of negotiating a sensible deal in the public interest.""Their Brexit negotiations have been a litany of shambolic failure & now they're begging for extra time."#C4News #BBCqt #PMQs 
WATCH: I helped to catch out Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab earlier on his shameful attempts to gag Parliament from amending the upcoming #Brexit deal votes. He does not have legal, constitutional or moral justification for this!  
Corbyn's response to the May Brexit  ststement has all the energy of a sloth the morning after a particularly heavy night out. He wants Brexit as much as any MP. It's tragic and embarrassing. 
.@campaignforleo has overseen the deterioration of Anglo - Irish relations . His short sighted and Europhile approach to Brexit has exposed him as an amateur Taoiseach. Out of his depth.  
We can't leave. Not because we need them more than they need us, but because they need us *as much* as we need them  Watch. Retweet. Rethink. [3 vid thread from @Channel4News with Michael Moore on #Brexit]  
Theresa May effectively said today she will be extending the Brexit transition period"unlikely to be necessary" in politics means "very likely to be necessary"Theresa May is most duplicitous PM we have had in yearsEverything she says she reneges onTrust is gone#MayMustGoNow 
‘Why, like hundreds of thousands of otherwise sensible and moderate people, was I in Parliament Square on a sunny afternoon cheering my lungs out at Delia Smith? Well, because there simply is no way to make this Brexit thing work’  
Theresa May says 95% of the Brexit deal is done, @Nigel_Farage asks: Should we give the PM more time? #FarageOnLBC 
Brexit: Four in 10 UK firms to trigger contingency plans next month if no clarity on exit deal emerges.Businesses begin cutting jobs, stockpiling goods, adjusting supply chains outside the UK and relocating production and services overseas.#NoDealBrexit  
Do you want a ‘deep and meaningful’ relationship with the EU after Brexit? 
For anyone still requiring #Brexit clarification..We are leaving the EU on 29th March 2019 BECAUSE of the outcome of a #peoplesvote in 2016There’ll be NO 2ND REFERENDUM as confirmed by PM @theresa_may on multiple occasions to multiple MPs over & over again in the HoC today  
MPs calling for a second referendum because they're unable to sort this out in parliament must be removed from their seats because if the same result is delivered, they'll still not be able to get the job done. The problem isn't with the result, it's with MPs. 
Nick Ferrari - "People like Eddie Izzard, Mariella Frostrup and Hugh Grant - don't they realise that that is the metropolitan elite that people in Blackburn, Sunderland and Bradford all voted against.They may as well be living on a different planet to Eddie Izzard." #Brexit  
I've got a number of #GTTO types fishing in my time line, they don't like what I'm saying & are trying to get me to bite. I'll tell you all at the same time. No, I don't want the Tories any more than you, but I also don't want a Corbyn #Brexit either. He needs to #EarnMyVote 
Who voted Leave to see the price of beef go up 29%? Who voted Leave to lose up to 40% of our food imports from the #EU? Who voted Leave for food prices overall to rise by up to 22%? And who warned them about all this in 2016? #EndTheChaos #Brexit 
Brexit is closing our business too. EU distrib rights  have been taken from us by our suppliers and given to DE comp, without discussion or our knowledge. Main business is in EU but we might not be able to access it and cannot reassure our suppliers. #peoplesvote #StopBrexit 
We're going to keep being at each other's throats long after Brexit happens or doesn't happen, unless we fix the real problems in the UK... Let's find out what #Sunderland really needs.Come to the Nissan Sports and Leisure Complex on Thursday. #OFOC 
I have a question for those history buffs and economists that can answer this better than me. Brexit is costing £500 million PER WEEK - which means so far it has cost c. £65 billion in 2.5 years. How much does this compare, inflation adjusted to what WW2 cost the UK in 6 years? 
Welsh communities and businesses will be hit hardest by #Brexit compared to rest of UK. Minister agrees with me in #EU debate this afternoon, but offers no solutions. Will UK Govt make that sacrifice? #ToriesFailingWales #PeoplesVote 
This by ⁦@theresa_may⁩ on her NI backstop red line is declaration UK is on way to no-deal Brexit, because EU leaders confirmed last week that her preferred “temporary UK-wide customs territory with EU” cannot be legally binding in Withdrawal Agreement & cannot be temporary  
I have a relative who just wants to get past the 29th of March 2019 so that ‘we can all stop talking about Brexit & everything can go back to normal.’Sigh. 
I was asked by a constituent on Friday what would happen to EU citizens living in the UK in the event of a no deal Brexit. I have just asked this question of the PM and received her assurance their rights will be guaranteed unilaterally. 
It’s about time. I am utterly sick to death of MP’s making pronouncements that we the people , have no say on Brexit deal including whether to decline and #Remain, since an ill-informed illegally gained 2016 decision.We demand a #FinalSayForAll . We decide.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Very clever!"Brexit supporting Tory MPs are today demanding a re-run of the 2016 Conservative party leadership contest because they believe Theresa May was only able to win it by “lying”, and that no one knew what they were voting for." 
Brexit is not temporary. Protections for Ireland cannot and will not be temporary. The British Prime minister has not yet grasped this.  
I don't feel we're talking enough about what an honest Remain actually requires.Throwing ourselves properly into the EU has virtually zero support amongst the British electorate. Federalisation terrifies almost everyone.Let's get on with Brexit. It's the only realistic choice. 
Genuinely nauseating. The Express, the vicious little pit-bull of Brexit now warns of massive job losses, 4 out of 5 businesses losing money because of the Brexit it has spent years yelping for.Should be gagged or better put to sleep for good.  
@annietrev isn’t it about time you joined this list? I know you are standing up for Brexit.  
Anyone who knows the first thing about Scottish politics knows what a turnaround this is - and he's by no means the only one. How could #Brexit possibly be worth the disintegration of the UK? Can it even be 'Brexit' if Britain becomes a thing of the past? 
@lucianaberger hit the nail on the head in commons today. Many people of my age could not vote two years ago thus they marched in their thousands on Saturday. How can the government ignore us? Why are our actions marginalised when Brexit will impact the rest of our lives? 
17:14Theresa May DOES NOT deny that civil servants are making contingency plans for a possible future referendum - NOR that she could U-turn on the issueProving again our PM is a Remainer at heart 
.@VinceCable urged Theresa May to confirm reports that Government is carrying out contingency planning for a People’s Vote. The Prime Minister dodged the question. With 700,000 people marching for a final say on Brexit this weekend, Liberal Democrats demand better.  
I'm a Labour supporter and signed up to YouGov I have NEVER been asked about supporting Labour or Brexit have you? (Obviously this is only for people signed up to yougov) 
May has been on the EU’s side since she became Prime Minister. May didn’t use any of the UK’s leverage in Brexit talks, surrendered to every EU demand & has been threatening those who oppose her fake Brexit plan. Theresa May is fighting for the EU not the UK  
Excellent to hear @lucianaberger defending the thousands of @FFSake_ young people and students who led the incredible #PeoplesVoteMarch through London on Saturday. Over 1.5million haven't had their voices heard at all in the Brexit debate, they more than deserve a #PeoplesVote 
Now Sarah Wollaston and Heidi Allen on People's Vote. PM facing intense questioning on second referendum from Tory moderates. 
"Scottish Government draws up 13 briefings on second independence referendum"  Why are they allowed to waste so much time and money on these? They obviously show independence would be bad for Scotland otherwise they would be publishing them for all to see!  
Plans for a second referendum seem to be a myth.  A bit like the idea of Bregret.  Or notion that Brexit somehow won’t happen.  What we are seeing are the delusions of the opinion forming classes being played out very publicly. Their ravings tell us little about exiting the EU  
Andy Davey on #theresamay saying #Brexit is "95 per cent done" ...  - political cartoon gallery in London  
The way support for Brexit has held up in the face of sustained media and establishment bombardment is pretty darned impressive. Well done.  
On #SundayPoliticsWales I reminded viewers that amongst the chaos is a #Brexit that reflects the 52:48 vote, solves Irish border, protects jobs & livelihoods, allows us to reform migration rules, & can help reunite our deeply divided country; an #EEA-based Brexit + Customs Union.  
We’re delighted to announce that Richard Drax, MP for #SouthDorset, has pledged to #StandUp4BrexitThanks for your support Richard!We now have 42 MPs pledged to deliver Brexit as promised in the manifesto ie leaving CU, SM & ECJ. If your MP hasn’t joined yet please email them. pic.twitter.com/52KrtMfdI1 
This totally works if a) you are a bitter Remainer and see the world through a filter of sour loserdom b) you forget that the Spice Girls were all Brexit c) you are capable of imagining the sclerotic, corrupt, quasi-Communist EU as a vibrant, fun, world-successful, sassy outfit  
#Brexit captured in one brilliant placard.  
BREXIT: Prime Minister proposes “legally binding” joint UK-EU joint customs territory to help break impasse, "a Union of European countries, if you will, committed to trade, human rights and peace in our time." 
9) So it’s time to start disappointing people: fast. May must sign backstop and either tell NI she’ll build on it with soft Brexit or that NI and GB will be partially separated. If not, just accept none of this can work. And then take this crumbling mess back to the people. 
No wonder May doesn’t have a clue about #Brexit she’s spinning so hard she’s made herself giddy. Just listen to this nonsense (and the reaction too it). Her government “isn’t led by the interests of a privileged few”    
Politicians must respect the result and NOT try to overturn it by running another referendum. After all, in the words of Justine Greening, "this is respect for democracy as well." #RightTheFirstTime 
We are perhaps heading for a "lower case" Brexit where the UK's membership of the Customs Union and participation in the Single Market are replaced with......membership of a customs union and participation in the single market.Brexit means......brexit. 
5/ Those who are working in manufacturing should have a word with those who were victims of 'running down' the coal & steel industry, should travel to Wales & the North of England to understand what Minford's Brexit will do to once proud working class communities. /end 
2/ I have listened to Patrick Minford and his Brexit vision. If you're employed in manufacturing you should listen very carefully."[...] you will have to run it down [...] just as in the same way we ran down the coal and steel industries."  
Totally agree with @BillCashMP that we won't have taken back control from the EU unless we #ChuckChequers. The common rulebook would impose rules on UK goods and agricultural products without us having any say on them. That's why we need to deliver a real Brexit. #StandUp4Brexit 
Apart from Theresa May does anybody else out there want a "deep and meaningful relationship" with the EU post Brexit? I don't. 
Jeremy #Corbyn burns May by reminding the house: "The Prime Minister said 'nothing was agreed until everything is agreed" now she claims a deal is '95% agreed' - which is it"#Brexit #JC4PM #Labour 
"I believe Norway can catch their own fish!"Credit to @EvanHD for reducing Farage to a shouting, incoherent wreck Clearly hates being reminded that both he & Vote Leave advocated Soft Brexit...Ends up having to use #Remain leaflets to justify a #HardBrexit now - WTF?! 
What did the PV march achieve? Numbers matter & the context of Brexit in chaos made them matter more. It would take a huge crisis to overcome the practical barriers, but crucially the march put another Ref firmly on agenda. My latest Brexit Blog, just up:  
.@JeremyCorbyn spot on in his response to the PM. This Government is terminally incompetent on Brexit and their lack of plan will take our economy over the cliff edge 
"We need a People's Vote. Not a rubbish people’s vote like we had in 2016, in which people, myself included, were cruelly tricked. No, a properly informed referendum. And by properly informed I mean a referendum in which we vote to stay in the EU." 
How can anyone watch Corbyn and think “he’s the man to run the country and get us out this Brexit mess”?It’s like watching a stand-in geography teacher. I keep expecting to see paper planes flying around behind his back.  
Remainers suggesting Corbyn does this because he supports Brexit: It's worse than that. He seems barely aware of it. Like a guy who half-remembers an article they read on Brexit the other month. 
.@DominicRaab the Gov’s Brexit cheerleader, just dismissed the views of 700,000 people on the #PeoplesVoteMarch And he is trying to deny MPs a meaningful vote and the people from having a final say on the dealThere is only one way to #StopBrexit And that is a #PeoplesVote 
Oh dear, Jeremy Corbyn tries to quote the Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaitė’s excellent summing up of Brexit, but one problem - he thinks she’s a man. 
May's new line, about "the national interest not MY interest" is definitely her worst yet. She opted out of the referendum campaign and then when it all went wrong became Prime Minister. 
Corbyn like an eejit playing the game of Government payments to the EU ... Forgetting that the benefits to society and business, as a hard Brexit may soon prove, will dwarf that   
PM: "We must make the commitment to a temporary UK/EU joint customs territory legally binding" - Theresa May gives #Brexit update in CommonsFollow live:  
May vows not to give in to those ‘who want to stop #Brexit with a politicians’ vote’.Means she leaves open stopping #Brexit with a #PeoplesVote 
The UK is an international laughing stock because of Brexit.  
Given the numbers on #PeoplesVoteMarch should the SNP,  on an Opposition Day, table a motion for a #PeoplesVote EU Referendum, which would show the public the view of Parliament, given Lab & Tory unlikely to do so 
For the past year Media has been lying about a Blue Wave that would be a referendum on Trump.For the past few days Media has been lying about the early voting numbers favoring Dems. DATA shows the OPPOSITE.Next month we'll not only be voting to defeat Dems but also the Media. 
Robbins 'was ready to sign UK up to Customs Union'. Now he could switch to City job advising a merchant bank on BrexitIf he goes, good riddance for the damage he has caused to the Brexit process 
Irrespective of the issues a worrying feature of the Brexit debate is that it has caused many CON MPs to abandon their critical faculties. The comment "moment is coming when the knife gets heated, stuck in her front and twisted. She'll be dead soon." not of a rational person 
Theresa May is now updating the house on the absolute lack of progress in the Brexit negotiations. I would say it's like Groundhog Day, but Groundhog Day is a fine film I would gladly watch on loop for the rest of my life rather than ever having to listen to this rubbish again. 
Today we're discussing how many billions it'll cost to implement Brexit. I asked whether it was cheaper to just stay in the EU. The Minister didn't say it wasn't, at least?! #BrexitBreakdown 
Olly Robbins’s team is trying to keep the UK in the panoply of defence arrangements their Foreign Office friends put us into since the referendum.Our MPs know almost nothing about these arrangements.Educate your MP using the material here: 
Brexit is the story of a nation who were promised a shiny new royal yacht and instead ended up with Boaty McBoatface.  
Brexit Secretary just admitted to me + Nicky Morgan he *hasn’t* commissioned specific legal advice nor has any to back up political position that it’s no deal vs their deal on #Brexit. Parliament is sovereign. They are trying to gag us and use trickery.  
Why are so many MPs moaning about the meaningful vote being between the govt's #Brexit Deal Vs. a #NoDealBrexit? The British people voted to the leave the EU and MPs voted overwhelmingly to trigger Article 50. This country is now solidly committed to that exit. #RespectTheResult 
Superb speech by @johnredwood in the #HouseofCommons blasting the government #Brexit deal: "When will this government stand up to the #EU? When will it rule out signing a withdrawal agreement which is a surrender document we cannot afford?"  @DCBMEP #Tory 
The revised brexit bus #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Lloyd Evans asked several protestors what question should be posed in the second referendum. Many said they didn’t know; others had difficulty understanding what he was asking  
.@EdwardLeighMP asks @DominicRaab that deal or no deal, Brexit proceeds on the 29th March.  
After the huge 700,000 turnout for the @peoplesvote_uk March to Parliament on Saturday, we're back to telling it as it is and that means telling the Government - Bollocks to Brexit - It's Not a Done Deal - because it makes no sense!  
READ: Statistics suggest leaving the EU will adversely affect women - but their voices are not being heard. Read why these 12 women are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
Brexit Secretary saying no vote in the Commons could overturn Article 50. And not practical for Parliament to alter any deal the PM gets with #EU #brexit they have to vote for or against it. 
We’ve had an hour of #Brexit debate in the Commons. To sum up - everyone’s really angry. 
Anyone else watching Meaningful Vote Question in Parliament. All politicians doing everything to stop Brexit. The worst lot of politicians of all time. All squabbling with each other non stop. Get it through your thick skulls, 17.4 million voted leave the EU. Just get on & do it.  
Exclusive: Aston Martin considers flying in components, changing ports to handle Brexit  
Retweet if you think it's time for Theresa the Appeaser to go. #Brexit 
Theresa May's Brexit negotiation is currently a shambles. The ERG's opposition to Theresa May's Brexit negotiation is currently a shambles. Labour's stance on the Brexit negotiations is currently a shambles. I'm not sure we really are taking back control at the moment. 
WATCH | Superb speech by @johnredwood in the Commons blasting the government Brexit deal: "When will this government stand up to the EU? When will it rule out signing a withdrawal agreement which is a surrender document we cannot afford?"Support us at  
On 1. I don’t think anyone credible and fighting to support Brexit is saying that. It’s a popular accusation against those fighting Brexit - but the PV campaign is very sensibly celebrating Leavers who have changed their mind and stressing gap between what was voted for & reality 
Its the Great Brexit Trick - Britain voted to take back control, a decision which appears to have robbed us of all our powers. 
Didn't this guy recently tell us we won't see the benefits of Brexit for 50 years.   
If a better deal on Brexit is going to be struck, it’s clear it’ll only happen without @theresa_may at the Helm.It’s time to now get those letters of no confidence in!  @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP@patel4witham 
Is Nigel Farage a target in #MuellerInvestigation? The go-between for WikiLeaks, Russia, Roger Stone, Donald Trump? Nefarious actions that could fairly be described as treason. The UK gov't is not interestAre lies, fraud, treason a price worth paying to get Brexit, Mrs May? JC? 
Evolution of a Media Election SCAM:Midterms will be a BLUE WAVEDems are SURGING in the pollsBLUE WAVE will be referendum on TrumpGOP is rebounding to fight the BLUE WAVE Dems may not win House but will win pop voteIf the GOP holds the House it will ILLEGITIMATERussians!!! 
The problem is we lost the referendum, the only seats Labour lost last time we’re Leave seats, and Labour can’t win without both Remainers and Leavers, so it has to try and straddle a very profound divide. 
He campaigned for Remain, he voted for Remain, he said he would vote for Remain in a second referendum, he’s committed to a customs union and he’s voted repeatedly against Tory Brexit proposals, so yes, I’d say he is a Remainer? 
I'm in the depths of despair !Just listened to Tory #Brexit Minister replying to an "Urgent Question"on EU Customs UnionStumbling & blethering his way through & keeps referring to an imminent statement by the PM who has very clearly cut him out of the loopHe hasn't got a CLUE, 
Having watched this unfold with the original attempts to stymie the phone hacking investigation, this is bang on. It’s a CPS problem. In the end it took @Keir_Starmer to reopen the phone hacking inquiry. Maybe we need him again for #Brexit campaign law breaking  
It is Labour policy to back a second referendum if an election can’t be called? There is a Tory-DUP majority, several Labour MPs won’t back a second referendum whatever the leadership says because they represent Leave seats, Labour can’t win without both Remainers and Leavers. 
MPs from across the house questioning the government about the benefits of #Brexit and the negative impacts on tens of thousands jobs. Nothing, they've got absolutely nothing but fluff and nonsense. What a bunch of useless twats the UK has got running the country. 
A second referendum to overturn the first one is simply not respecting the result. It's great to see MPs like @GloriaDePiero recognise that, and take a positive attitude to moving forward. 
Listening to current debate in Parliament,  it is all about any 'downside' of Brexit and nothing about  IMPLEMENTING  itOur Parliament is a disgrace and totally incompetent when it comes to honouringthe democratic majority mandate  THEY  asked the UK people for. 
The boss of Ryanair has used a television interview to savage the Tory “half-wits” behind Brexit like David Davis and Liam Fox.  
Hands up those who think a general election is the way to solve Brexit. Hands up who believes in a "jobs-first Brexit".All those of you with your hands up, you've been had. 
A great compliment thank you and true Brexit has served to unite Remainers from all parties or none.  
NEWS! Brexit proving people who ‘like to tell it how it is’ really don’t ‘like to hear it how it is’  
Tories are demanding the secret reports on Indyref2 We demanded the Damage reports from Brexit, We also demanded action on the Tory Election Fraud Scandal! Tories told us the Crown prosecution said no case to answer and threw it out of court All 31 cases of blatant fraud.Hmmmm 
Democracy didn’t end on 23 June 2016. A #PeoplesVote with the option to remain means more democracy, not less The movement for a final say on Brexit is growing fast. Join the Green Party and add your voice to our call for a People's Vote. 
PMs  extension to Brexit transition  going down in flames in Commons. Not a single MP  - of any party - has voiced any support for idea #mayday 
More than a year ago @AlexSalmond predicted that David Davis would replace Theresa May as PM over the Brexit catastrophe. I should have stuck a tenner on it then. 
No you have consistently ignored the stop brexit campaigners. You have ignored the marchers dismissing them as middle class because they're screaming out for Corbyn to oppose. Labour is almost unanimous in it's hatred of brexit. only thing standing in the way is the front bench 
A sharp quip from Labour's Peter Dowd on Theresa May's Brexit "95% done" boast: "May I remind the House that 95 per cent of the Titanic's journey was completed successfully." 
 WE MUST ACT NOW Write to your MP today and demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. We're running out of time to stand up for our NHS - Will you help us save it? Head to  #WriteThisWrong 
Ahead of Theresa May's address to the Commons- where she is due to tell MPs that the #brexit deal  is 95% complete.... The Shadow Chief Secretary points out the Titanic completed 95% of its journey. Belfast a common theme here.  
Brexit IRL  
Labour's Shadow Chief Secretary @peter_dowd ridicules May's Brexit progress statistic: "May I point out 95% of the Titanic’s journey was completed successfully" 
It's not just stopping Brexit. Why hasn't Corbyn renationalised rail and created regional investment banks yet!? WHY!!! 
I have never known a more nasty/evil/vile/disgusting organisation that today's tory party, the language they are using against their own PM, in the wake of the murder of Jo Cox is appalling, this is what #Brexit has done, hatred/bile/division, fuck you @Conservatives #StopBrexit 
Can we witness secret files on. Brexit? Can we witness secret files on the pedapohile ring covered up in Westminster? 
Blue on blue attacks in Parliament today continue - with arch Brexiter John Redwood arguing for us to crash out of Customs Union as soon as possible. Bonkers. Time for a @peoplesvote_uk to end this #Brexit chaos. 
Overt racism back in our faces. Blame Farage and his Brexit nationalists. Yes racists are now emboldened  and I will not be stopped from saying that. 
New Royal Court season EXCLUSIVE - Brexit, Jack Thorne, salt., the controversial Pah-La, a play called Seven Methods of Killing Kylie Jenner, the final podcast season AND LOTS MORE  
You know what? I could spend my time debating this stupidity but naa. Go and look up “Tory-DUP majority” and “Tory so-called rebels failing to vote with Labour against Tory Brexit plans” and best of luck. 
Brexit key dates, per @ING_Economics >> 
Considering the mess the Government has made of #Brexit the fact 95% of the shambles is complete is unlikely to bring confidence to anyone. 
So the chap who lost the leadership to the chap who lost the referendum, now wants the job to do the thing that he’s already failed at doing; is anyone else seeing the problem? 
This 2016 @Open_Britain video, via @peoplesvote_hq, shows breath of support for #EEA-based Brexit. Farage, Hannan etc praise it! Protects jobs, solves Irish Q, chance to reform immigration, leave ECJ & re-unite country. Commands MP majority. Still time!  
Want to stop Brexit? You have to do two things. 1: win over Leave voters. That means not treating them all as stupid or dupes, because that’ll cement their support for Brexit. 2: lovebomb the left, because without the support of Labour’s leadership and its backers you can’t win. 
So what do you make of this then Jeremy.Latest YouGov poll just out hasCON 42%LAB 36%LD 9%Corbyn 14% behind on Best PMStill going to go against your membership and support Brexit.You are a fool.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Once again Karen Bradley demonstrating her blatant disregard for the nationalist people of the north. Brexit is not orange or green. It impacts each and everyone of us in the same detrimental way.  
I’m speaking on Brexit at the University of the West of England, Bristol on Thursday at 7pm at 2X242, Coldharbour Ln, BS16 1QY. All welcome! 
Nov 6 is huge for many reasons...but if Gillum wins & the felons-vote referendum passes w/ the required 60%, then Florida will likely become a reliably blue state presidentially for the forseeable future.  
ANNOUNCEMENT: .@johnredwood has tabled an urgent question on the cost of Chequers - 3.30pm, on Parliament TV. Arch-Remoaner Dominic 'Grieving-for-the-EU' follows. Then PM at 5.00pm, trying to save her skin.Distinctive #Brexit research & news daily:  
I’m speaking on Brexit in Leamington Spa on Wednesday at 6.45pm. All welcome!  
David Davis says danger to flights from the UK after no deal Brexit is fear mongering; also threatens to stop EU flights using British airspace; also claims you can't fly EU to US without using British airspace. 
Yes you're right there was no desire to compromise or reach out to us. For Brexiteers It was winner takes all & triumphalist rub Remainers nose in the mud attitude. It was this arrogance & hurt to my family which hardened my views away from any compromise with Brexit ideologues. 
I only really do this because this stuff is in the public interest. The British public deserve to know the truth and who the liars really are. The Brexit camp is scared, so they are resorting to extremes. Even if that means protecting criminals or justifying illegal activity. 
Confederation of British Industry says there will be job losses if there is no Brexit deal before Christmas. What do they know? - They only represent the very organisations that will be forced to relocate and axe British jobs! 
Campaigners from #Nottingham were amongst the 700,000 people who marched to Parliament on Saturday to demand a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. With @NottPeoplesVote 
This man runs a country which the UK bailed out only a few years ago. He is anti-British and anti-#Brexit. His tweet below is shameful and speaks for itself.  
Lord Tebbit: We must foil this EU mafia plot to shackle Britain's tax system after Brexit  
Theresa May to say an agreement for Brexit is 95% done. This is all spin. We may as well be at 0% agreement. The sticking point is Customs Union. No to customs union. No to single market. No to regulatory alignment. Simple: No agreement is better than a bad agreement. 
Here's an interview with me, talking about Brexit, my Twitter account, and my unrequited love for a bridge, in @repubblica. It's in Italian because I'm un piccolo fenomeno social, so I am. Thank you @menicr 
Brexit negotiators very close to finding the perfect plan for stapling my dick to my thigh. 
The problem with finding the right Brexit plan might be that it turns out there's no smart way to do something monumentally stupid, but what do I know 
I was 1 of 700,000I wasn't funded by anyone.I am unashamed of being middle class. I marched with amazing people who were richer than me, muchnpoorer than me, younger than me, older than mePreviously they had voted for every party under the sun. United in 1 thing - Brexit is bad 
Funding difficulties, staffing shortages, restricted access to medical isotopes and life-saving drugs - these are just a few reasons why 83% of doctors believe Brexit will be catastrophic for the NHS.Concerned? Share with your friends.  
*Distorted air horn* proper junglist noise madness from DJ Scud & Nomex originally despatched on 7” in 1997 and 1998 and now reissued on this timely 12”, cut loud still absolutely terrifying. R.I.P. Nomex. Fuuuck Brexit. 
Want a General Election, not another referendum? RT if you do. 
The President of Exeter Conservatives calls for a United Ireland, in order to save Brexit.I wonder if she's run this past the DUP...?!  
‘Brexit supporting Tory MPs are today demanding a re-run of the 2016 Conservative party leadership contest because they believe Theresa May was only able to win it by “lying”, and that no one knew what they were voting for.’  
READ: Young people came out in force last Saturday to March for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Read why @FFSake_ supporter @kiramillana_pg marched to demand a #PeoplesVote: 
Your lying rag has utterly perverted our politics in the interests of Rupert Murdoch and a tiny tax-dodging elite. When #Brexit is over the growing Remain majority will look at who has corrupted our politics and demand that they be prosecuted and punished. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit isn’t just about 2 or 3 big issues. What about the little things that need to be solved if we leave?  #brexitdogsdinner 
Since Saturday's #PeoplesVoteMarch, Brexiters on here are rattled, they are aggressive and scornful. Could it be because they too can see that Brexit is crumbling? Why are they so worried about a #PeoplesVote? If Brexit is still "the will of the people", they'll win easily. 
Actual sentence from @Econs4FreeTrade "Budget for Brexit": "The auto industry employs fewer people than the fishing industry".  
Many of us have been arguing for a soft EEA Brexit since July 2016. But treated with contempt by hard Brexit crowd and especially by media where anti EU papers - Tel/Mail/Sun/cityAM/Express/today prog have just kept pumping out propaganda. In end PV was all that was left  
Meanwhile, @HansardSociety has a rather damning update on #Brexit. Just 71 of the 800+ Statutory Instruments needed to prepare the statute book for exit day have been laid before Parliament. #DONTPANIC? 
READ: @LesleyLaird in @TheScotsman on the shambles of the Tories and the SNP on Brexit.  
"Despite claims from the prime minister that there will be no People’s Vote, the Sunday Times reveals that civil servants have been “war-gaming” a fresh vote because they fear Theresa May will struggle to get agreement on Brexit in the Commons."  
Update: 71 of the 800-1,000 statutory instruments needed before Brexit have now been laid, according to @HansardSociety 
We must foil this EU mafia plot to shackle Britain's tax system after Brexit, writes Norman Tebbit  
700,000 took to the streets in support of a People’s Vote. “It’s time for politicians to take notice. MPs should feel that in every constituency in this country people have changed their minds about Brexit" James Torrance, Party Leader. #RenewParty  
I have never seen such dishonesty, lying and political fraud in all my life (and I'm older than you). Everything, absolutely everything about Brexit is dishonest. Our current crop of politicians make me ashamed to be British. 
We've had enough of self interest politics. JRM is not fighting for a hard Brexit because of social injustice. He's in it for his self. Brexit will make him more money. 
NEW Brexit Statutory Instruments Dashboard. Regularly updated & in-depth insight: How many Brexit SIs are being laid before Parliament each week? Which departments are laying the most SIs? Which Acts are being used to lay them? And *much* more:  #BrexitSIs 
This is Our opportunity, the Time has come, the Time is here, the @Conservatives need to GET RID of the #Defeatist #Politics of #TheresaMay! #Conservative members must DEMAND @theresa_may GOES for the sake of #Brexit & #Britain! #MayMustGo #ChuckMay 
Brexit is already harming the NHS. If we leave it could be catastrophic  
More than 700K protesters demanding a second referendum on Brexit. The country’s largest demonstration since the 2003 anti-Iraq war protest.  
As Labour's Starmer pockets his money from this anti-Brexit firm, he gets excited about The People's March Against Democracy in London yesterday calling it 'very significent' and worth a second Referendum. Oh really mate? How dim do you think we are? Very I suppose.  
700,000 people marched in London to protest Brexit this weekend  
brexit is bad but what about when you click on link on a webpage and then the page shifts around as you click and you end up clicking a different link to the one you intended 
In many communities, work can be hard to find and Swansea provides an unfortunate example. After Brexit, it could be set to get even harder, with the Welsh economy expected to take a hit of up to 9.5%.Help us fight for jobs. Join us at  
Yes, the pity is that sometimes that idea is like Brexit or Trump.  
Another Tory MP hits out at the way Theresa May and Olly Robbins are handling the Brexit negotiations. This is untenable now! Brexiteers must act to remove this poisonous prime minister and her loyal Remain entourage!Support us at  
'You DON'T speak for Britain!' Nick Ferrari blasts 'ELITIST' anti-Brexit protesters  
What are the odds this caravan is manufactured to further fuel rwnj/fascist fears of alien invasions and thereby get them to the polls to sustain the anti-USA powers that be in our current administration? A USA Brexit vote of sorts? Too conspiracy-y? Probably. 
10+40? Needs a couple more. UK agreed verbally in Dec to honour GFA 'in all its parts' in order to move on to phase 2 of negotiations. Davis talked that promise down so EU put it in writing which UK signed in March. Makes hard brexit undeliverable. General election on horizon. 
If anyone replies to this tweet with “But what about Brexit?”, I am going to build a time machine and go back in time to vote Leave. 
I disagree with TM’s Brexit strategy, but think it would be mistake to get rid. Maj of public would take a dim view, seeing it as disloyal and reckless. Would make a Corbyn victory more likely, not less. Provided she is committed to taking us out on March 29th, she should stay. 
Politicians condemn "vile" & "violent" language used against PM over her #Brexit negotiations 
Thought of The Day ..................I've never felt so loved before on Twitter. My Notifications are positively Smokkiinnnnn' #Brexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #Liars 
Brexit is set to cost Normandy alone 30 million euros for port infrastructure changes - money they could have used for schools, the disabled, the elderly. Do we understand why the EU is pissed off about Brexit?  
About #Brexit  
While I don’t agree with the Prime Minister on her Brexit strategy, the violent imagery and language creeping into the debate is totally unacceptable. This is a political issue, not a personal one. 
Brexit’s like giving a box of matches to a group of small children sitting in a pool of petrol. What could possibly go wrong? 
What a fantastic weekend. 700,000+ people marched against Brexit on Saturday, while the Tories are in utter chaos.We must give the people the final say on the Brexit deal and the option to stay in the EU. Join our campaign >  
Thank you for standing up and being counted . Thank you for speaking for us . Thank you for standing with us . Thank you for choosing country above party . Brexit is utterly corrupt . Time for it to be stopped & a full investigation. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Theresa May will tell the Commons on Monday afternoon that 95% of the Brexit withdrawal agreement and its protocols are settled.Other 95% finished success stories:bridgesa good booka cure to a diseasea stairwayWhat else? 
"There are men who give their lives for the right to self government, independence, democracy. We are being invited to give up those rights..."Tony Benn, Secretary of State for Industry, on Britain's membership of the #European Common Market.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Labour means not leaving - and disrespecting the real people’s vote: that of the 23/6/2016 Referendum  
I have a copy of a letter from a special department lead in the Met. It indicates they won’t investigate what MPs do unless Parliamentary Standards asks them.And on some complicated Brexit stuff: they commission non-CPS legal advice before starting investigations.1/2 
No, DavidWhen @Jacob_Rees_Mogg says "us" he means ALL those who Believe in  and FREE TRADEThat young mother who'll be able to buy cheaper school shoes for her children, zero VAT tampons & the poorest who'll have cheaper food thanks to Brexit ending EU's protectionist racket.  
Sec of State is doing EVERYONE in NI huge disservice by appearing to take an orange v green approach to Brexit. What an utterly disingenuous and divisive statement. Unionists, nationalists and others voted to remain- this isn't about pitching "communities" against each other 
The Government have parted company with reality.They are seriously proposing that in the event of a no-deal #Brexit, they will start running around, trying to replicate all the deals they would have just walked away from. Bonkers.#StopBrexit 
I have, with great reluctance, come out in favour of a second referendum. This could change everything.  
People in your party slapped a lie on the side of a bus to claim that the NHS would get more money if Brexit won - only to go back on that promise on the very same day of the vote result.You have always used the NHS as a political tool, and that's when you're not defunding it.  
Today is #GibraltarDay so a great day to celebrate the close ties and deepening friendship between the UK & Gibraltar including our strong cultural, financial and business links. And they will get stronger still irrespective of the Brexit outcome...  
NEW: Brexit is causing an NHS ‘crisis’ - say Greens in call for People's Vote on EU Referendum 
Is that all of them yet? Yet another major #tech employer warns that, if there's a hard #Brexit or no deal at all, our status as a manufacturing hub would be under threat - and they'd need to "rethink" their presence here...#EndTheChaos #Philips #FinalSay 
Do Labour really not see that brexit is their tuition fees moment on steroids?Btw, Labour introduced them and increased them first. Just for balance. 
Me too. The People’s Vote march changed my mind on Brexit  
Brexit, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Islamophobia, Victor Orban, Welfare deaths, Food Banks, Rising Crime, Rough Sleeping, NHS decay... If this govt had been infiltrated by an enemy spy whose mission was to destroy Britain, could they have done a much better job? Time to go. #GTTO 
Why are voters from Scotland the only ones in the UK who’s opinion on Brexit is being ignored?Why is the UKGov discriminating against us on the basis of our nationality?  
Labour is free not to support the people's vote march. Labour is free to support brexit. Just don't ask me for my vote when the election arrives because I will remember whose side you were on. 
In case you want to know how chaotic things are for Theresa May: - Some Tory MPs think a no confidence vote is inevitable - Some say there is no chance - Cabinet still "looking at options" for Brexit policy - DUP threatening to vote budget down 
Nnamdi Kanu Speaks From Israel, Says ‘No Going Back On Referendum’  
Superb essay!Long read: how EU membership undermines the left  #Brexit 
The economy of the United States is one third larger* than that of the EU27. The USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand will all sign bilateral free trade agreements with the United Kingdom assuming we exit the European Union with a clean and proper Brexit.* source World Bank 
She is a con artist. She's not fit to be PM. She's made the UK look like a laughing stock on the world stage. Never in my whole short life has a British PM left me so utterly deflated. #TreasonMay #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @PennyMordaunt 
It is absolutely clear that the government is implementing a #BrexitGate cover-up. There should be no way that #Brexit should be allowed to take place before this scandal, both crime and cover-up, is fully investigated. #PeoplesVote 
WATCH: @Hugodixon addresses the crowds at this weekend's People's Vote march.An estimated 700,000 marched to demand the final say on #Brexit That’s 1,000 for every MP. We now need to keep up the pressure on MPs to give us a #PeoplesVote.READ MORE:  
You’ll remember when @GeorgeFreemanMP suggested recently that May must deliver Brexit (next March) & then hand over to next generation? There was a tacit agreement among many MPs now wasn’t the time to move against her. But has last week’s mess changed that calculation for some? 
I wonder what Theresa May will talk/gurn about in her speech today?Maybe she should try mime or I'd quite like to see her perform an explanation of Brexit through the medium of modern dance. 
AND WHO SAID BREXIT WAS BORING?Today in the Commons...3.30pm UQ from Tory Brexiteers on the cost of extending the transition period4.15pm UQ from Tory Remainers on whether 'meaningful vote' is getting watered down5pm Theresa May statement to MPs 
Brexit: Theresa May says getting deal is about UK's future, not her NOT any moreBy seeking to string out the transition period without justification, Mrs May is putting her OWN survival as PM above the needs of the country 
Not one of the ‘usual suspects’, a centrist Tory tells me they’re sending a letter of No Confidence to Brady. This is a shift. Before it was those deep in the Brexit fight who wanted to oust her. If those in ‘silent centre’ now ready to send letters, she really is in danger zone 
In the Commons this afternoon  three UQs/statements on Brexit !! Aaaaagh..... please....we give in....... 
BOOM: DUP to vote with Brexiteers on amendment to force Government to protect Northern Ireland in the UK. Brexit MPs united in Parliament!  
The disgusting nature of the abuse being directed at Theresa May is rightly being condemned. But it's important people stay focussed on the central issue. We do not have a Brexit deal. And because of that we are heading towards an unprecedented political and economic crisis. 
I've just asked my MP to #WriteThisWrong and support a #PeoplesVote on Brexit - can you ask yours to do the same?  
Now, about that Brexit dividend. @Econs4FreeTrade think the Government could afford to spend an additional 5% of GDP every year from 2020. What should it be spent on? The NHS? Infrastructure? Nah. Tax cuts for the rich. 
Theresa May - detested by her party, isolated in the Cabinet and incapable of securing a Brexit deal that will benefit the UK in any meaningful way at all - pulls clear of Don't Know and establishes a 14 point lead over Jeremy Corbyn.  
Theresa May is right, #Brexit is about the future of the UK ... and she is selling the UK into slavery to the EU. @Conservatives are being blamed for this. They either get back on track with a new leader or they will suffer the dreaded Portillo fate.  
Mini-Torrance in the Herald maybe hasn't counted up that 1975 was *43 years ago*. That's an average of roughly one referendum per Parliament. It's not exactly Switzerland.  
Retweet if you think this chicken bhuna masala would be better at negotiating #Brexit than Theresa May's government. #NationalCurryWeek 
Chuka Umuna less than two years ago: “I really have no time for calls for a second referendum because I think it comes across as disrespectful to those who voted to leave”. ’  
FARAGE: Bully boys in Brussels want to "stop Britain diverging from the EU on tax in order to lessen the prospect of our having any competitive advantage over the EU after Brexit."These EU clowns are insufferable. We must cut all political ties ASAP!  
In order to make informed decisions on important issues like Brexit, the public needs to be informed.And that's where our supine press is failing us. Why is this going virtually unreported in the UK?Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects: 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: "The freedom to re-set our nation’s economic policy is one of the true excitements of Brexit...what a pity the Treasury is so keen on whaling wailing and gnashing of teeth"  
Whether it happens or it doesn't Brexit has divided opinion to such a massive degree that nothing will ever be the same again. A sensible and Democratic voting system where every vote counts (unlike what we have now) is needed more than ever. It is vital #FirstPastThePostMustEnd 
Theresa May must stand up to the EU's creepy efforts to impose itself on Brexit Britain, writes @Nigel_Farage 
Parl't trying to deliver both Remain & Leave has been the problem since day one. They cannot both be delivered, Parl't's failure to accept this is destroying Brexit. That they don't want Brexit doesn't matter, they're there to serve, not impose their will. 
Well - as the #PeoplesVoteMarch exceeds predicted numbers about 7 times over, it seems things are starting to get really interesting...We're making real progress now. Let's #EndTheChaos before we stumble into a disorderly #Brexit which nobody voted for! 
Its even worse. A minority government is enforcing constitutional change way beyond any referendum mandate, by introducing HVIII powers; and is kept in government by an alliance with the DUP, who have no more than 28% support in Northern Ireland. This also contradicts GFA 
I'm partly writing it from my experience as a food bank user and the work I do with people in poverty, partly as a post-Brexit cookbook, and partly as a tongue-in-cheek fuck you to food snobbery and elitism. 
We must stop treating #Brexit as normal politics, and treat it more like a crime scene in which a ruthless international crime syndicate  has grotesquely perverted our democracy in the pursuit of its own power and self-enrichment. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit is like  
REMOANER IN CHIEF:Did you know twice the population of Earth marched against Brexit on Saturday, plus several Martians.The level of support was amazing. I could not go myself, but I allowed my Romanian cleaner to attend in my stead (on half pay of course). 
I have a Border Collie. Do I have to send her back after Brexit? 
'Philips CEO says Brexit putting Britain at risk as manufacturing hub'Another boss of industry, thinking he knows more about his business than Rees-Mogg and Co. When are these industry idiots going to start *believing* in Brexit?! 
We are fully aware May and Robbins are not working on Brexit but instead are working on how to sell Remain as Brexit. May lost our trust when she sidelined the Brexit dept. Showed true colours then. 
My piece in today’s Guardian arguing that a Customs Union with the EU is the wrong public policy choice for the UK. (Reader alert: new material on Brexit included!)  
Any awards for most brilliant Brexit signs?!  
WATCH | @GiselaStuart blasts the "utter failure of the political establishment" for the current Brexit deadlock and calls on the government to "keep a clear head as to what leaving means and negotiate within this time period".No kicking the can down the road, just get it done!  
One could say the same of the fisheries industry, which is even smaller - but, oh, wait! That's Mr Farage's #Brexit rallying call (even if small & medium sized fishing fleets say they'll be destroyed by #Brexit because 80% of the British catch is sold to the Single Market ).  
Tory MP Heidi Allen dismissing David Davis as a potential PM because MPs in the house wouldn't respect his desired Brexit.Let's just clarify that David Davis Brexit position is that of the Conservatives Manifesto 2017 and May's Lancaster House speech.They were elected on it?! 
Stephen Daisley (who he again) bumping his gums about "Separation"Unable to tell the difference between Indy and BrexitIndy to join the world and stay within a Union of equalsBrexit to isolate from the world and stay undermined in a Union that ignores you 
So the Tories are demanding confidential papers on #Indyref2 from Scotgov. Ahhhhhhhhaahahaha - Heres an idea. Tories give Scotgov all of your papers on #brexit then Scotland will talk about it! | #Scotref 
Brexit latest: the blame for things going so wrong lies with Theresa May & Ollie Robbins for 'undermining' David Davis. Ask how on earth he was undermined and this happens...  
Mair was upset because he believed he was going to be put out of his council house, following his mother's death.He believed his local MP was doing nothing to help him.He associated that with her support for refugees.A disturbed individual.Nothing to do with Brexit. 
Together we can #WriteThisWrong. The more letters, emails and postcards that MPs receive from members of the public, the more likely they are to support a People’s Vote on any Brexit deal. Write to your MP today:  
People & MPs talking about compromise with the 48%. No, the referendum was a in or out decision. The majority voted out. This was not an election vote. There can be no compromise in independence. Leave win. Remain lost. 
#VoteLeaveBroketheLaw! And #EUsuperPoliceGirl will not let these criminals get away with destroying our country! #BollockstoBrexit #NigelFarage LOCK HIM UP! @PimlicoPlumbers would be proud BREXIT - IT'S FOR THE BRITISH PEOPLE TO DECIDE!#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Why is the UK taxpayer paying for Sturgeon's ambitions to break up the United Kingdom?  Surely, as the MAJORITY don't want another referendum, this work should be paid for by the SNP? 
Back down on Brexit or face a rebellion, May is warned 
May said we'd leave on March 2019, it's looking like we'll still be subject to the EU FIVE YEARS from the date of the ref. And then, who knows.Con Brexit = BRINOMay's Brexit = BRINO +Labour Brexit = BRINO ++Lib Dem Brexit = RemainThey all hold democracy in contempt. 
Looks like @MichelBarnier is meeting the whole spectrum of British #Brexit opinion this week.  
In the tradition of Cornish shanty singing, we sang this at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday: What shall we do with this rotten #Brexit?Let's have a vote & see who wants it!#PeoplesVote 
Last straw? May broke #Brexit's back long ago!SIR – When did negotiation become capitulation?Proposal by #EU to align British tax laws with its own is Last Straw!If Theresa May caves in over this she will shame us all.A Remainer in Leaver’s clothing! 
One of the mischaracterisations the Media is labouring under is that those who went on the #PeoplesVoteMarch see a referendum as an end point.This is not close to true, the now politically engaged majority will not stop until the conditions that created Brexit are dealt with. 
Is 95% of the Withdrawal Agreement really done, as the PM tells the Commons today? Here’s what is still unsettled in a short Brexit thread (spoiler - quite a lot) 1/8 
Olly Robbins is reportedly lining up a £1 million job in the city after Brexit. What a reward for selling out his country.  
Amazing brass neck by the Tories here. The UK Government recently refused to release internal briefings on the FIRST independence referendum to me under FOI.  
It’s still surprising to me how many CEOs and financial experts agree on #Brexit being severely detrimental to the UK economy and yet we still seem to be steaming at full power towards a trainwreck....  
If another Brexit referendum was held tomorrow, a Eurobarometer survey showed that 53% of Britons would vote remain and only 35% would still want to leave.Public support for the vote itself is also substantial  
A reminder to those CON MPs trying to oust TMay. Immediately after the referendum ComRes found that 54% of Leave voters thinking that I meant STAYING in single market with end to free movement. 
Barnier wants to stop Britain diverging from the EU on tax and stop us having any competitive advantage after Brexit.  
Farage is happy to have a new EU referendum in 20 years time.With all due respect, Nigel, fuck you. 
Amazing and shameful.Labour's own Shadow Brexit Team @ShadowBrexit have no mention whatsoever of the #PeoplesVoteMarch on their timeline. As far as they're concerned, it never took place. 
Absolutely. The hard Brexit policy devised by Nick Timothy& announced by PM in Lancaster House speech was start of my hardening of attitude against HMG approach as a proEU Remainer MEP. If there has been compromise &a reaching out to us via EEA or EEA&CU I'd have folded behind it 
8/10 firms say #Brexit has had a negative effect on investment decisions, according to our latest research on business preparations. Businesses’ reluctance to invest will have a knock-on effect for jobs, wages and living standards. Find out more -  
#EU Owes UK 10.3 Billion Euros — Time to Leave and Theresa May Must Go  #Brexit  
A general election that was supposed to give @Theresa_May the authority to push through the #Brexit she wanted. Instead:Failure.A majority lost.Dependence on the DUP. 
Young British fishermen say they've salt in the blood & their hopes & fears for now, Brexit & the future.We've some keen young men & chance to re-gain a £6-8bn industry if we walk awayGive them a chance ffs @michaelgove @theresa_may Stop betrayal of #Chequers & Transtion 
A typically insightful & judicious commentary by Sen George Mitchell on the implications of #Brexit for Ireland, the UK & the US. This thoughtful & measured piece is well worth a read.   
Christian Adams on #theresamay saying #Brexit is "95 per cent done" ...  - political cartoon gallery in London  
British media pieces on the Irish border: "I drove through ragged and raggly byways to Fermanagh, which is not in London. Dymphna, a local pig farmer, said to me, "During the Troubles, you knew what was what and what. Now, what is what?". Brexit maybe, but Theresa May remains." 
May’s vitriolic Brexit enemies want to hurt her – even when it harms the UK | Simon Jenkins  
'It won't happen!' Rees-Mogg delivers HUGE dig at marching Remainers trying to STOP Brexit #MoggMentum #LosersVote #LosersMarch 
In our latest Brexit explainer we talk about tariffs - they sound boring, but they're crucial to understanding any deal. Take a look: 
You said if Labour won an election then Brexit would happen  
Treasury so keen on wailing-it's missed TRUE excitement of Brexit, says JACOB REES-MOGG #MoggMentum 
Jacob Reese-Mogg has warned Theresa May to prepare a financial strategy for a no-deal Brexit or risk a repeat of Black Wednesday in 1992, which lead to the Conservative Party’s defeat after the UK’s economy ended up in tatters. #MoggMentum 
Quote from 10 Downing St infuriating. "A second referendum would really be a politicians’ vote – politicians telling the people they got it wrong the first time and should try again." Bollocks. I didn't see 700,000 politicians marching on Saturday. 
Many thanks for responses.But if your contention is there should be another UK-wide referendum, I respectfully disagree.I believe in parliamentary supremacy, subject to the common law.No more UK wide referendums, for long-term good of our polity. 
Good. Leaving on WTO terms secures the democratic mandate of the referendum - the essential task. No deal that May will agree would do that.  
Future British diplomats and civil servants will use the Brexit negotiations as a masterclass in what not to do. 
Theresa May's Brexit critics have more reasons than ever to try to topple her  
“No sovereign state would allow part of its territory to belong to the customs territory of another state”. That (in the context of #Brexit and NI) sounds rather reasonable and might be cause of a red line. But is it true? (Thread) 
Nigel Farage claimed that the small crowd at ‘Save Brexit’ rally in Harrogate on Saturday represented ‘millions’  
The reality is surely the other way round. If Govt and hard Brexiters had from the start put forward 'Norway' as a consensual response to a close vote - instead of insisting it wouldn't be 'real' Brexit - then the 'remain' movement would probably be very small by now.  
Evident from the start that no one can legitimately claim any version of #Brexit let alone this #BrexitShambles, itself based on 26.5% of the Ppl, represents the Will of the Ppl.A #PeoplesVote can't in itself unite the divide but it might halt the damage 
This week's @TheNewEuropean- in which I let my  #immigrant sensibility ask: Could that stubborn streak of irrationality, even romanticism running beneath #Brexit:  be that siren  and ancient call of #EnglishNationalism ?#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Antonia, Jeremy is not a leaver he's a democrat observing a legitimate referendum result, even though it sticks in his craw. What amazes me is your apparent reluctance to condemn the architects of Brexit, the ones who gave birth to it, nurtured it, and saw it through. THE TORIES!  
When even the Express reports that we face "Brexit chaos", it's time to admit what we all know: this isn't going well. 4 in 5 businesses report damage from #Brexit, 2/3 say it's made the #UK less attractive, and the #CBI says the situation is now "urgent". 
Yeah, stay in the EU, fight to make it more progressive, increase our own prosperity and transfer that wealth to help the most vulnerable and make this country a meritocracy to be proud of. You can’t address any of the issues if you allow a right wing or left wing Brexit.  
There should never be a UK-wide referendum ever ever again.On constitutional issues pertaining only to some of the four member states of the UK, fine. But UK wider referendums are a negation of parliamentary supremacy, creating mandates which cannot be gainsaid.  
On Saturday there were almost three-quarters of a million people demanding a #PeoplesVote on whatever the Government staggers back from Brussels with.  If #Brexit, the way it's turned out is really the will of the people, prove it. LET US DECIDE! #PeoplesVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk 
Aged under 30 and a member of the @Conservatives, @young_tories or even a party supporter? Want a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal, so we can have a say on our future?Join us, for FREE!  
PM vows to press ahead with her soft Brexit plan even if it means she loses her job  
Chris Grayling has been replaced by a Chris Grayling replacement bus. It's awfully slow and sweaty, it goes all around the houses, stops everywhere and finally gets a puncture further from your destination than when you go on.His post-Brexit plan is a donkey for every town 
Letters: Britain must resist EU attempts to control tax policy after Brexit  
Parliament had its chance. The electorate had its chance.Brexit has passed two constitutional checks and balances.  
If only there was an opposition to stop it Clare @Hepworthclare. The will is certainly there from the people I marched with on Saturday, sooooooo many angry, disenfranchised, disappointed @UKLabour members and voters that I spoke to who will not support a Corbyn #Brexit either.  
Theresa May ridiculed for claiming Brexit is ‘95% complete’ A contract that is 95% complete, just missing the signature, is 100% worthless. 
Kudos to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg openly admitting Brexit will make him and his wealthy elite friends more prosperous, but not the rest of the country.  
Nicola Sturgeon's SNP say Brexit will damage the economy and jobs. Mibees aye mibees naw. We won't know till we leave. What we do know is membership of the EU damages our fishing industry. They don't care about business or jobs. They only care about their own divisive agenda. 
'UK is suffering from same illusions as Greece in negotiations with EU: overestimating its power & believing shift in domestic politics can yield better result.' Decent piece on similarities between Tory/Labour approaches to Brexit and Tsipras' to bailout.  
Probably THE single worst thing about Brexit is the way a single tweet about it can result in you losing hours of your life discussing it on Twitter. And so - because my book will not finish itself - I really must sign off for now. Apologies to those I've not replied to. 
READ: Brexit is putting an already stressed NHS to its ultimate test, as it pushes out junior doctors like me #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote 
Here's me gurgling about Brexit on my live stream  
Drive on lads we’re 95% there. #Brexit  
After Brexit UK can remove VAT on eBooks - making it same rate as printed books - and become the European download jurisidiction of choice for EU consumers!  
@Pgreco_      Moody's - Brexit - Garanzia BCE 
Voted to remain and despise Brexit but the notion that Corbyn should lead the party in backing a #PeoplesVote and effectively stick two fingers up to 17M of the electorate is risible.He would get destroyed by the media and leave the Tories in charge for a generation. Wake up 
By failing to attend the #PeoplesVote, Corbyn & the Labour front bench have shown us one thingThey aren’t on our side - they’re on the side of the Tory hard right. Those who want to press ahead with Brexit regardless of fact of reasonWe can no longer count on Labour 
Come on Britain, let’s remember the positive things about #Brexit. At least we’re giving the rest of the world a bloody good laugh. #MondayMotivation 
As there have been a resurgence of calls for the government to change course and go for an EEA option Brexit, I decided to summarise its potential benefits  
If you are unsure about the pros and cons of a second Brexit referendum we got @Andrew_Adonis and @ClarkeMicah into the studio last week to thrash them out 
The European Commission is provisionally planning to decide whether UK visitors to the EU will need a visa after Brexit at its meeting on 13th November. They'll also consider recalculating energy efficiency targets for EU - the UK.  
The idea that a second referendum would be an insult to democracy died this weekend  
We really are a troll nation when MPs of the governing party talk like this under the cloak of anonymity, and when MPs on both sides care more about Brexit than bullying victims at their own workplace.  
“I ordered my Brexit. It’s turned out to be defective and not at all what I was promised but I still want it because that’s what I ordered”.  
Convention of Highlands & Islands begins in @MorayCollege in Elgin. @JohnSwinney begins the morning with #Brexit; economic opportunities; skills & workforce; talent attraction; and digital infrastructure on the agenda. @FergusEwingMSP @PaulWheelhouse @TheMorayCouncil #ElginCoHI 
With just over 5 months to go, only 1 of govt's 105 technical notices states no further action is required to prep for #nodeal Brexit. My new blog for @esharpmag goes through the long, complex to do lists set out in other 104 notices for govt& business to be ready by March 2019 
Over on ocado dot com we're stockpiling confit de canard for Brexit.  
Is there any argument that those still backing brexit have besides  one?Can they answer how brexit makes the UK richer? Can they explain how you deal with the Irish question? Can they explain how to leave the customs Union and keep JIT manufacturing going?No, just this..  
How similar are Brexit negotiations with the ones Greeks had in 2015. Brits you saw how Greeks ended up... Great analysis by@philosgreek 
More than 700,000 people marched in #London last Saturday asking for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. @thatginamiller was one of them. Her organization @endthechaosuk aims to help people understanding what will be the real consequences of #Brexit.  
Islanders join thousands in London for a People's Vote on Brexit  
Really? I'll cope with the effects of Brexit better than most because my job doesn't depend on it and I earn enough. A stupid generlisation and what do you care about Britain from your Icelandic haven?  
In my opinion, after everything he's done+snubbing #PeoplesVoteMarch both times, Corbyn's Brexit position is clear. He wants it.Would be nice if people could accept this and rather than start umpteenth "Pwease Jeremy, listen to us on Brexit!" petition take action to remove him. 
Theresa May says she won't accept a customs border along the Irish sea. Why? Because she wants to keep the whole of the UK within a customs union. That's her big Brexit con. Not acceptable. 
In other words, to argue for a Soft Brexit, you need to accept the fundamental principle that Brexit is a terrible idea and all the promises are lies, and the disaster must be mitigated. In which case, the inevitable next question is why bother at all? 
Brexit: May says getting deal all about UK's future, not hers  
"Brexit is like divorcing your partner and then having to live in their spare room for the rest of eternity (and without the key to the front door)."  
Due to its bureaucratic approach, the EU is in structural decline. It has underperformed every other major region in the world for a generation:  #Brexit 
Please describe Brexit  
My husband is being forced to retire and being forced to make his employees redundant because of Brexit. His company before the referendum was extremely successful and weathered every recession since the early 1970's. Work has dropped off completely since Brexit. 
My brother is a whistleblower who is now fighting to change the media led governance in U.K. Please follow and support his work. Judicial review of May’s decision to block #LEVESON2 happens in 2 weeks. It will be a game changer. Remember the media pushed #Brexit.  
If you think that hijacking an important firearms debate for a proxy row over Brexit is acceptable, you're not fit for public office.  
Printing is like the canary in the coal mine. And our small business is one of thousands not talked about but really feeling the effects of Brexit. I am afraid that this is a sign of things to come. Just look at the emptying high street. 3/ 
Brexit was topic on main German TV talk show ‘Anne Will’ last night. British ambassador Sebastian Wood desperately defending government position: we want closest relationship possible while respecting referendum result. Former foreign minister Gabriel visibly frustrated/angry. 
“95% done” is not acceptable, Mrs May, even without details of the content of your Brexit Plan. And what about fiscal and military alignments, and fisheries policy?  
Chris Grayling has said that preparations are being made for lorries 'to be queued up' on the M20. THIS IS NOT NORMAL! Brexit will crush UK industry & the Tories are willingly bringing it on... #FailingGrayling #ThisIsNotNormal #BrexitShambles #r4today 
'Brexit deal is 95% complete'  May is to tell MPs in a crunch speech!Yes but just like a bridge 95% built, it's still bloody useless! 
"As long as she’s there, we’re never gonna get a Brexit deal. Good or bad.”Carole Malone wants to see Theresa May go and she wants to see her go this week. Thoughts?@thecarolemalone | @theannediamond | #brexit | #jeremyvine 
Why are remainers so sure Brexit is 'stealing their children's future'? Crystal ball maybe?  Personally I think the Eu is a power-hungry monster that will end up eating itself, .... surely it's better to be in charge of our own destiny? 
In the name of God, Go!Please sign and retweet this petition if you agree that @theresa_may should resign over her handling of #Brexit#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers @LeaveEUOfficial 
Tory Transport Secretary Chris Grayling says that the government doesn't have a settled Brexit policy. It does - Brexit in name only. 
"If participation in a march counted as membership of a political party, the party opposed to Brexit is now probably the largest in Britain, and on some counts larger than the Labour and Conservative parties combined."  
Since the referendum we've built our local campaign network from 20 groups to over 100 branches, but we need to take it to every corner of the country - help us do this!  
"That’s it. I am convinced. I went on the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday. And I’m now sure. We need to stop Brexit. It was the middle-class, puntastic placards that clinched it for me", writes @LukeSGittos1986 
THE EMERGENCE OF BUHARI AND ATIKU AS 2019 ELECTION PRESIDENTIAL FLAGBEARERS IS DIVINELY ORCHESTRATED TO FAST TRACK BIAFRA REFERENDUM With the planned 2019 Nigeria general elections in view, God is in His own wisdom, steadily working out modalities....., 
Do moderate Leavers exist? I can think of about 3. All the loudest Brexit voices have been insistent from the start that a soft Brexit is no Brexit. So any such campaign would have been riding against almost all of a triumphant Leave from the start, including their captive PM. 
When the #Brexit dust settles, many prominent Remainers are going to reflect on their treatment of Jeremy Corbyn with a combination of shame and embarrassment. None more so than @JolyonMaugham. 
A view from the border: Ireland on the brink of #Brexit.“Suddenly it is Ireland and not Britain that appears to be the adult in this dysfunctional family.”  
A contagion is growing in Europe that could make Brexit look like a minor rumpus at the village fete:  
The great Brexit vacancy Corbyn should fill  
Afraid ERG/Rees-Mogg mantra "We want a change of #Brexit policy, not a change of PM" is rapidly becoming transparently-thin excuse for doing nothing.Must be obvious now to all that there will be no change of Brexit policy *without* a change of PM.#ChuckChequers means #ChuckMay 
Is Brexit about to yield Trexit? Is @theresa_may close to being ousted?  
Michael O'Leary(CEO, Ryanair) - #Brexit is a shambles. #Brexit is a disaster & it's a disaster for the UK economy. To leave the biggest free trading area.. so a couple of halfwits in the Tory Party can do "great deals" with smaller economies.. is insane.#peoplesvote #FBPE 
Hundreds of thousands of you took the streets on Saturday to demand a #PeoplesVote, but the battle is not yet won. The next few week may be the most critical in the entire #Brexit process so far. Now is the time to take action, to write to your MPs & #WriteThisWrong - here's how: 
I wonder will the Cabinet ever find the cajones to stand up to her serial betrayal of Brexit? I doubt it.  
Gary think you'l need a visa to holiday in France after Brexit.Gary must think you needed one before joining the EEC & evidently doesn't know you can visit Japan, Brazil, New Zealand ..... & all but 33 countries in the entire world without a visa.  
"Businesses are becoming exasperated at the lack of progress in Brexit talks and are pausing or cancelling investment in the UK."  
Which is why remainers say that for them, Brexit is personal. Most Brexiters they have an abstract understanding of the EU derived ultimately from years of press hostility, because the government doesn't really want you to understand it. You would understand how bad they are.  
Who does Theresa May think she’s kidding with this nonsense about Brexit being ‘95% there’? Last week she said we had to have another year of ‘transition’ because things we going so badly! Make your mind up, eh? 
MANY are under the mis-apprehension - that when the UK exits the EU on March 29th political equilibrium will immediately be restoredIt WON'T !The issues around the Tories mis-handling of Brexit will continue well into the next decade & beyond IMOIt's the people who will suffer 
We Remainers, have long said our options would be either to Remain or, if we must, to leave with minimal damage. Brexiters pushed the window to Harder & harder Brexit. No-one thought No Deal was even a rational outcome at the start. 
great to see Bloomberg @Brexit @BloombergTV @bpolitics come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote campaign  following the @TheEconomist @Independent & @ObserverUK @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
There have been two opportunities for Brexit referendum reversal, according to UK constitutional practice.MPs could have voted against (easy) A50 notification.  But they voted for it.Voters at 2016 general election could have supported anti-Brexit parties. Majority did not. 
A General election: A vote between two almost-identical Brexit plans which have both been rejected by the EU already.  
NEW: We're 95% of the way to a deal, Theresa May will claim today So far all we've seen is a Brexit that will threaten the NHS beyond repair. This isn't what anyone voted for. 
Remainers were there to be convinced about a unifying Brexit for a year or so after the ref. No one even tried. Leavers just became more and more extreme. Basically they blew it. 
The reality is that Brexit has been whipped into a spiral of ever-increasing puritanism where even pre-referendum style euroscepticism is branded a betrayal and non-conforming voices are dismissed. 
As a #Labour MP, I often disagree with @theresa_may & think she is making a mess of #Brexit but I found the violent language used by some Tory MPs about the PM in this weekend’s papers nasty, offensive and totally unacceptable. They should hang their heads in shame & stop. 
British MEP'S quietly getting on with the important job they were elected and are paid for, making the UK a better place....meanwhile Farage is travelling around on his empty bus having his 'cosy' get togethers in a bid to make the UK a worse place - patriots v nationalists. 
Theresa May's false my-deal-or-no-deal Brexit dichotomy continues to rear its ugly head. Chris Grayling repeated the empty threat on Radio 4 Today, stating: "If the deal on offer cannot get through parliament there will be no deal..."THAT IS A LIE. Remain is always an option. 
Sunday Times poll on ‘second referendum’ currently shows 71% support against 29%. If you can access the Times website (£), you can join in...  
.@theresa_may @TheSun : The finish line is in sight. And I am more determined than ever that we will get there together, with a Brexit deal that’s right for you, right for your family and right for our country 
Trainspotting Creator: Soros-Funded Anti-Brexit Campaign Is ‘Smug, Patronising, Pish’   
Chris Grayling is openly admitting that the government is still look at "options" for a Brexit policy. It is INSANE that more than 2 years after the referendum the government still has NO idea what it is actually negotiating for.... 
North Wilts Tory MP @JGray has written to his constituents to say he will NOT support Theresa May's pathetic Brexit sell-out and calls on her to drop Chequers and seek a Canada ++ arrangement or face a "pretty dire" political end. Support us at  
The PM vows to press ahead with her soft Brexit plan even if it means she loses her jobShe insists is acting in “the national interest” [More like out of desperation]The national interest requires a Canada style FTA - NOT Chequers minus 
Your Monday morning reading from the Irish Times"Brexit parallels with the fall of Rome are all too obvious" 
Seeing some tweets about “what if remainers had put their energy into soft Brexit.” The thing is, they don’t have to choose. Once the UK leaves in March (b’cos withdrawal agreement bonds neither EU/UK to a specific future relationship) they can fight the soft Brexit battle then. 
Welcome to yet another week of nobody knowing how Brexit will end up. 
The huge difference Neil is that Joanna Cherry is warning about the dangers of Brexit and why we need a People’s Vote. In 2014 you literally lied to the people of Scotland while Joanna Cherry warned of the dangers of a No vote and why we needed independence.  
No Backstop = No Withdrawal Agreement No Withdrawal Agreement = No Transition period Extending Extension in exchange for dumping backstop will not happen Sooooo @DominicRaab No Brexit Transition to extend! #BrexitShambles 
From @bopinion: It's time for another Brexit referendum  
Fantasy Brexit is a lot of pain for zero gain - Tory Minister  
Interesting hypothetical - what if #peoplesvote et al had devoted their efforts to a campaign for softest possible Brexit, aimed at doubting Leavers, rather than an EU-flagged-decked campaign for a second vote which they’re never going to get? 
Asked whether Labour is more concerned about a general election than Brexit, Shadow Foreign Secretary @EmilyThornberry said: "I want to have a 'people's vote' but I want to have a big and proper 'people's vote' which is a general election" #r4today 
“Having put a lot of pressure on us to vote a certain way and being disappointed, the establishment is now trying to find a backdoor way to keep Britain essentially in the EU -- that’s what May’s plan is all about.”Larry Elliott on #Brexit 
"But all the real people in the North are totally behind Brexit and they just want it to happen and you're just the Metropolitan elite and er…"  
Remember its not the snp thats fucking up brexit,or the EU or the Irish.It is westminster`s doing,nobody is to blame but them. 
Memo to Emily Thornberry: your Labour idea of Brexit within a Customs Union is not Brexit at all. We’d still be unable to make trade deals or set duty rates, and subject to EU rules and the ECJ. 
I've had enough of people saying "but they're in such a tough position". That's it! That's the line they're supposed to have taken. It broadly satisfies both sides and is the only thing any responsible body of MPs can do, when the majority of them know Brexit hurts the country. 
Can you imagine if after the 2016 referendum, every MP said:"We respect the result of the referendum. We will trigger Article 50, beginning the Brexit process, and negotiate the best deal we can for the UK. We will then let the UK People judge any outcome or deal."#PeoplesVote 
Shadow foreign sec @EmilyThornberry tells #r4today she wants "a proper people's vote, a General Election." So will Labour give us a real choice through a manifesto commitment to end Brexit? Or will we be offered a Hobson's choice of two different flavours of Brexit poison? 
UK banks and businesses with operations in Ireland are being given loans by the Irish government to help prepare for Brexit. They are receiving help from Dublin because the UK government doesn't have an equivalent scheme — great nugget from @faisalislam.  
Emily Thornberry again underlining how meaningless Labour's conference "commitment" to a second referendum actually was. 
For the last 2 years, telly comedians have been pumping out the idea that all Brexit voters are thick racist bastards.So let's have a look at some of the geniuses taking part in Saturday's #PeoplesVoteMarch.pic.twitter.com/vjK6HM40AM 
UK HQd companies getting cheap loans for Brexit transformation - from EU27 Governments.UK companies use Dutch Gov for personalised Brexit advice #Brexitready an Irish Government hashtag.Why is UK behind on Govt support for Brexit impacted business?  
Chris is correct. The Brexit ‘deal’ will say nothing about our future trading relationship with the EU. How we will deal with 12K trucks a day at Dover, whether just in time deliveries to auto/food industry will continue. Euratom etc etc  
"Looks like Britain's going to grind to a shuddering halt in March 2019. Who can we put up to persuade the public that it's all going to turn out fine?"<THINKS>"Chris Grayling?"#Brexit #PeoplesVote #r4today 
Think I heard a Scots Tory MP on #gms say that the Tories will now not vote down their Prime Minister’s Brexit deal if transition is extended by a ‘few months’. I think this counts as their ‘latest’ resignation/vote down position. #resignationwatch 
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
Chris Grayling on R4 re Ryanair racial abuse incident: "If a crime is committed it should be investigated appropriately". Does that apply to the evidence of corruption of the 2016 referendum as well, or is there a "politically sensitive" opt-out to the law? @carolecadwalla 
What would be really great would be if the Labour Party could follow @theSNP lead & get its act together to unequivocally support a #PeoplesVote. What are the chances of that Ian? #Brexit #FBPE 
'Brexit deal is 95% complete' - May will tell MPs in crunch speech.It's still unusable though...  
The government is making arrangements "for lorries to be queued up" on the M20 motorway in case of hold ups in Calais after Brexit says Transport Secretary Chris Grayling #r4today 
Leave voters the morning after on the announcement that the country in its entirety had overwhelming voted LEAVE #Brexit 
Irish voters will decide Friday whether to remove the offense of blasphemy from their constitution. The referendum will again test how far the country has moved from its traditional Catholic heritage  
Iain Duncan Smith quotes Thatcher to blast the state of Britain's Brexit negotiators. No backbone sums it up. We need a Brexit team who believe in Britain!  Support us at  
Whoever your MP is, it is worth writing to them about Brexit and the #PeoplesVote. We aren't seeking to change their minds but to convince them of the strength of opinion 
Transport Minister Chris Grayling on #r4today calmly discussing prep to turn the M26 into a giant post-Brexit lorry park. This is not normal. 
Your own Tory #Brexit government's analysis shows that ANY type of Brexit will make us all poorer. Every. Single. Region of the UK  
360 crowd panning slow-motion. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteDemonstration Brexit March, London 20th October 2018, massed near Hyde Park Corner waiting to move off. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #slowmotion 
Is the Brexit deal 95% done or is the government still at the "looking at options" stage? #r4today 
Failing Grayling is on @BBCr4today blaming the French, in advance, if the M26 becomes a giant lorry park and there is massive congestion at ports after Brexit. What an idiot. 
Chris Grayling blaming the French  for needing a lorry park on the M26 after Brexit. This Government and the last started a chain of events and these have consequences Mr Grayling. You and your government are responsible for any resulting disruption. Not the French.#peoplesvote 
The weekend on Brexit Twitter:Irish leader offers to repay UK bilat £3.2bn eurocrisis loan to bloke on Twitter unhappy at his case for Ireland elected on to the UNSC.Repayments of principal due to start at £400m/qtr from a fortnight after Brexit day, already paying interest  
I was so proud to be on the March on Saturday.  69 years of age, my first March so many friends say they agree with me and how stupid Brexit is and bemoan it but didn’t go. 
Chris Grayling has just admitted the government doesn't currently have a settled Brexit policy, but is looking at "options". 
The Daily Mail is reporting that the EU will dictate to the UK the setting of our time as in BST or GMT. What the hell has that got to do with a Brexit deal. Nothing. Brexit for the EU is control over the UK to prevent us from operating as an independent sovereign state. 
.We also need to do more to reduce the use of antibiotics in farming & not just here in the UK. It won’t be a ‘#Brexit dividend’ if we are flooded with cheaper meat from intensively reared animals that have been stuffed with antibiotics, & terrible for animal welfare too 
As we say in our p1, the tally of MPs publicly backing Stand up to Brexit has reached 41This is significant: each has publicly vowed to vote down the Withdrawal agreement with the backstop.Such public committments will be worrying the whips office. Number doubled in a month  
I'm really sick of good people being called antiSemitic. It's cheapening the word and deed of antiSemitism. Worse, it's being enabled by anti Brexit voices who claim to be progressive and anti Muslim voices who very clearly are not.I am begging folks to stop this, please. 
Brexit is so 20162019 is remain  
PM’s claim “deal 95% done” is utter misrepresentation, designed to make you think #Brexit is nearly over...when reality is divorce terms are merely clearing of the throat before arduous five years+ negotiation on future trading relationship. More like 5% done! (Ask Singapore...)  
#John Major on #Brexit: a ‘colossal misjudgment’ that could break up UK. “There is irony here: over 70 years ago, Britain stood alone to fight for Europe, now we freely choose to stand alone and, in so doing, undermine Europe.  
Theresa May has urged her MPs to be patient over Brexit as “the finish line is in sight”.  
As the Brexit circus continues, a reminder that Rees Mogg, Gove & Johnson will never lie stranded on trolleys in corridors, will never have ops cancelled six times, will never suffer like ordinary people suffer - and have immeasurably harmed our NHS.  
We expect @Conservatives to be bastards but when @UKLabour looses its way, the decent masses take to the streets. 2003 against Iraq war2018 against Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch#rightsideofhistory 
The Government’s Brexit deal is said to be almost done - which means a Parliamentary vote is close.I’m running the ‘Tooting Brexit Poll’ where you can tell me your views on Brexit. Take part here: Tag a friend, forward to a family member, help share. 
#Brexit will make hedge funds "more prosperous" that's for sure. As for the rest of us. #peoplesvote 
Sometimes popculture knows best #brexit Photograph by Justin Tiffany Case  
Theresa May will tell MPs the Brexit negotiations are 95% done. But last week’s summit was May’s deadline to get 100% done. The Tories have wasted more time arguing with themselves than negotiating with the EU.  
Theresa May says "It's not about me" ... It is about you Mrs May, we don't trust you to deliver the #Brexit that people voted for and we want a Brexiteer in charge of the process. 
This is the funniest thing I've seen on Brexit for ages... @Andrew_Adonis worried that Nigel Farage will become a burden on the state. 
"A further closing of the casket on Theresa May’s and Olly Robbins’ Chequers plan" - Major report on Single Market published by @GlobalBritain . Quick #Brexit Facts4EU summary here:  
This is what is so very dangerous about the ‘People’s Vote’ & resistance to Brexit within the establishment - it threatens our democracy itself. They must respect the result.  
Pop facts matter. Geri actually had 4 UK No.1’s & 4 other UK Top 10 hits. Her solo career was well prepared, she had support from huge organisations & there was tremendous public goodwill towards her.Nothing like #Brexit  
No Theresa. We don’t want to give you a little more time to conclude your Brexit deal, because it’s A ROTTEN BAD DEAL. 
And the earth is flat...Where did the Brexit fantasy cult come from?... 
"It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" - Mark Twain #Brexit  
A party at war: could Brexit split spell end of the Tories?  
Theresa May says Brexit is 95% complete, like a skyscraper that is only missing the ground floor. 
The despair that Remainers feel now is how Brexit voters have felt for the past 40 years of neoliberalism  
It is so easy to criticise someone from the sidelines. I doubt those criticising the PM for her #Brexit negotiations could survive an hour let alone a day or months in her job. It’s a incredibly tough job, and she has my full support and the admiration of the silent majority. 
@BBCRadio4 Mark Francois does not speak for me or vast numbers of moderate conservative MPs. We are fed up of seeing the ERG bullying and undermining the PM because of their so called “vision” of Brexit. They undermine the UKs negotiating position and constantly block solutions. 
Disruption to flights straight after Brexit is "unlikely" and Britain's government would fall if planes were grounded, Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary says  
Brexit Explained... Who should we invade first?  
Will voted leave but he is a hugely  passionate #RemainerNow & put his degree on hold to co-find @OFOCBrexit.He was with 10,000 other young people leading the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday and here he explains why!As he says #brexit 'is a con'!Respect @will_dryofoc  
If Labour's policy at the last election had been to remain we would have lost dozens of seats, the Tories would have an increased mandate for hard Brexit and many of those same Labour MPs calling for a people's vote now would be arguing we need to be tougher on immigration 
Sir Billy Connolly has described the Brexit vote as a "disaster" and saidScottish independence "may be the way to go" to retain close ties withEurope. Jason Allardyce @SundayTimesSco #bbcgms 0715 
We also need to tackle the U.K.’s problems that made many vote for Brexit in the first place: inequality, strained public services, housing, jobs, unfair voting systemA botched Brexit won’t deliver on its promise to fix them.Stay in, fix Britain, reform Europe.#Peoplesvote 
These are the freedoms we are losing if we go ahead with #BrexitA system of freedom the Conservatives helped buildSo much for taking back control, in fact we are seeing our children’s opportunities threatened#StopBrexit 
Corbyn appeals to up to 30 “rebel” Labour MPs not to support Theresa May’s Brexit dealSuch an act of gross treachery would never be forgiven by the party membership! 
At a time when emotions are running high re #Brexit let us keep one simple, collective goal in mind:This is my 3 year-old nephew. He represents a unique opportunity in this history of this island - the first generation to know nothing but peace & prosperity... pic.twitter.com/prH2xbrqdS 
The Tory PartyThe Nasty Party Brexit NastyAusterity NastyWindrush NastyFoodbanks Sanctions Fracking Badger Killing NHS collapsed Homelessness epidemic Social Care Crisis as Rich get richer when have Tories been anything other than Nasty  
‘May’s Brexit deal is 95% complete’- like a plane is 95% complete without the right wing 
Theresa May has surrendered 95% of the Brexit that the British people voted for - and has received 0% from the EU in return. #StandUp4Brexit #BetterOffOut 
Monday briefing: We're 95% of the way to Brexit, May to claim  
You may be thinking "Brexit might work out". Well, if Brexit happens, in 10 years it'll be a matter of historical fact whether Brexit was good or bad.So the only question is: Will your kids forgive you if it's bad and didn't support a #PeoplesVote? 
Cars are useless without the 5% that includes the wheels. Like to see how May calculates her Brexit plan’s 95% complete 
Theresa May says that the “finishing line is in the sight”, yes Prime Minister, that’s the problem. You’re about to lock us into Withdrawal Agreement that binds us to a backstop proposal that unnecessarily gives up opportunities of Brexit, or open, unending ‘transition’. #r4today 
Esther McVey reported to have said she was “devastated” by May’s proposal to extend the Brexit transition period by 3 months. “Devastated” ? Really? No Esther, the people who are devastated are the ones who will lose their livelihoods & businesses because of the likes of you. 
TAKING TO THE STREETS: Tens of thousands of protesters marched through central London over the weekend to demand a new referendum on Britain's departure from the European Union.  
Good Morning Scotland continuing where BBC Scotland left off yesterday, pushing the fishing sham. Unionist Bertie Armstrong wheeled out again. Noteworthy that GMS presenters are also pushing the falsehood that No Deal equates to Hard Brexit. It doesn't.  
This sign about Brexit is...muah! (Kisses fingertips)  
It is time for the #Conservative Party to #ChuckMay if she won't resignPlease sign and retweet this petition@UKfollowgain @CllrBSilvester @ActivePatriots #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Britain could be banned from changing its clocks in autumn and spring after Brexit negotiators ...  via @MailOnline  
Corbyn has been crystal clear and consistent on #Brexit from day one. Unlike the #PeoplesVote which wanders between a 'final say' on a deal with the EU, a 2nd referendum and just stopping Brexit. It's a slithery campaign backed by vested interests. 
More than half a million anti-Brexit campaigners turned out for the People's Vote march in central London#PeoplesVote  
Our friends at @instituteforgov have published a report which examines and compares 14 studies on what our post-Brexit economy might look like. Well worth a read:  
Starting 2019 going down memory lane, so decided to share Sugar Me on spotify. Have a listen and enjoy. <3#Spotify #SugarMe #Nasia 
.@theresa_may is to tell MPs the #Brexit divorce agreement with Brussels is now 95% settled  
The truth is that whether you vote or not, Nigeria would get a president and leaders but if you vote, you can be instrumental to that decision. We all know that Buhari won't give you referendum, instead he would send python to come and dance. So,  choose wisely 
Without referendum nothing will happen in Nigeria and ipob will never participate in any thing called election and that position will never change... Nnamdi KANU @EmekaGift@NkirukaNistoran@ipob_writers@NkemdiMary@cyndip0301 
this is easily the best anti-brexit sign yet  
After the war of words on euro clearing and Brexit, the real action has begun  
But that last 5% is the hardest.Theresa May to tell MPs Brexit plan is ‘95%’ done   
1/3. PDP attacks/blames others for "splitting/wasting" their supposed votes:First, #RedCardMovementSecond, those voting for Moghalu, Ezekwesili, Fela, & for other alternativesThird, Nnamdi Kanu/IPOB for seeking Referendum/Election Boycott in SEShould we tell PDP the truth? 
A second referendum is now firmly on the cards  
The midterm elections are in two weeks. The results will be read as a referendum primarily on Trump’s Presidency, but also on the effectiveness of the electoral restrictions.  
More people marched against Brexit than are members of the two biggest political parties put together.Help make sure MPs hear us.Write to your MP today to demand a #PeoplesVote and that they campaign to #Remain.Please RT to help everyone get involved 
The silent struggle at the heart of Brexit  | Analysis by Luke McGee 
London's powerhouse financial district fretted over a brain drain when the country voted for Brexit, but its leading players are now convinced of one thing: the City will win  
I'm not an expert here, but it sure looks like some shady business is about to get underway with the #pr4bc referendum. #bcpoli If I'm not mistaken, that's a former MLA too. 
I suspect this election will be a referendum on  trump and the majority of sane GOP will vote against him because many know he is sick and incapable of doing the right thing about anything.. Lets hope they do the right thing and not simply vote party. 
I talked with a number of the 'disowned' on the march, expat Brits, people in the UK from other European countries. The common factor was the deep hurt, to the point of emotional cruelty, all these good, decent people were experiencing as a result of #Brexit's heartlessness. 
No deal Brexit could leave Northern Ireland in a different time zone from the Republic: HAAAHAHAHAHA to the DUP:  
Macedonians. It's time to remind the nation and the internationals that it doesn't matter what vote happened this Friday. The Prespa Agreement is dead because you rendered it so via the referendum. MP votes do not override referendum results in Macedonia. 
#FrankField speaks to @labourleave about the #Brexit vote, "it is the job of #parliament to implement that decision"  #Brexit #LosersVote @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn #Labour #LabourParty #LabourVoter #StandUp4Brexit #UK #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC 
The march was billed as “demanding a democratic vote on the Brexit deal”, but this was a march against Brexit, sponsored by capitalists & politicians desperate to keep Britain in the imperialist project either by staying in the single market or EU. 
For the sake of #BRITAIN, #BREXIT and the @Conservatives..... @theresa_may must GO....! All #Tory #MPs must WAKE UP and send in their Letters to the #1922Committee this week to get Rid of the squatter in #Number10! #ChuckMay #Tory @ConHome @DCBMEP @johnredwood @andreajenkyns #UK 
A priceless re-post from Jen Ward via Carl Tapia. Which was a repost from a friend at the anti - Brexit protest. #RAD #RobertSmith #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #NoBrexit #thecure 
Seriously, look up who Christopher Chandler is, and how he made his billions: buying up the assets of countries that have gone through catastrophic political turmoil.His money has been pushing brexit. Why? My guess is he doesn't wanna wait for turmoil, he can just cause it. 
The midterm elections are a referendum on concentration camps. #VoteBlueSaveAmerica 
This is something I've been saying before, there's still a lot of shady stuff still to be uncovered about Brexit, and the UK still hasn't even scratched the surface with regards to what role Christopher Chandler and Legatum had.Hint: plot to crash UK economy and buy its assets  
Gillum's closing statement makes the race a straight up referendum on Trumpism. There's no running away from the choice. 
#KeirStarmer pockets £125,000 from #lawfirm derailing #Britain's #EU exit!  @labourleave @UKLabour #Labour #LabourParty @jeremycorbyn @CCHQPress @ConHome @Conservatives @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart @andreajenkyns #Tory #LabourVoter #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #UK 
The heckling around the President by Nandi leaders is a turn-off to most Kenyans. This commercialization of the presidency is what has caused many to be desperate for a referendum. Calm down and do your works in service to Kenyans, terrible culture of greed and eating on display. 
Brexit: a total lack of substance - currently the situation is as clear as mud. There is an almost total lack of substance to the information we're getting while the noise level is as high as it has ever been...  #Brexinfo. 
An estimated 700,000 people took to London's streets on Saturday to demand a second vote on Brexit.  
GOP super PACs are spending heavily in the final weeks trying to reinforce TRUMP's nationalization of the midterms. It's an unconventional strategy, & it's left some Dems conflicted about going all in on the Trump referendum vs. candidate/local focus.  
Hundreds of thousands march in London for "people's vote" on Brexit  
You did lose those seats. And more. But you are *still* oozing through time and *still* in Downing Street. Both you and @jeremycorbyn with as much ambition animation and insight to brexit as an insect trapped in amber 44 million years ago.  
Monsters, ghosts, and demons aren't real, but crazy people who want to put you in a cage and set you on fire? Yeah. They voted yes on Brexit. Here's our 10 favorite horror movies about killer cults:  pic.twitter.com/TokeocqTpT 
Is it not time Spain grew up and became truly democratic? A large segment of Catalonia has wanted to cede from spain for many years!! I had a girlfriend 30 years ago who i took to be spanish,she rebuked me and said she was catalonian above all ,never Spanish! referendum is needed 
9. So, for all the shock of Brexit and Trump, and the egregious crimes that still go unpunished, I think they’ve woken something in a lot of people, an awareness of things we have taken for granted too long. We thought we had some kind of backstop against overwhelming corruption 
3. I’m afraid the Labour Party isn’t much better. It seems to ignore both the economic perils of Brexit and major new threats of our times: dark money buying elections and online racist psy ops. Collusion between US disaster capitalists and offshore oligarchs to subvert the law 
Some of the groups promoting the march for a so-called  ‘People’s Vote’ for another Brexit referendum were directly funded by the EU.  
2. Britain is in an astonishingly dark place. The rule of law seems to have broken down. While major industries and services plan to relocate because of Brexit, our governing party is engaged in endless manoeuvres around the measly careers of a few would be ministers. 
So much for students not being affected by #Brexit. Hardening attitudes about #immigration are making us a pariah. Why would you want to come and work or study here if you aren’t going to feel welcome or valued? The @ukhomeoffice need to reconsider now. 
Bollocks! Maybot knows it was an advisory referendum conducted to no democratic standard, narrowly won by criminal cheating, stirring up race hate plus interference & funding by hostile foreign powers, she is only thinking of keeping her foaming at mouth MPs happy to stay in No10  
Brits came from all over Europe too but we are consistently ignored, forgotten, excluded. Brexit is about all of us, regardless of age, nationality, sex, colour. We're all Europeans, all affected, all fighting. Remember us! @BremainInSpain 
What the fucking fuckfiddiky fuck was @jeremycorbyn doing his weekend.  Where was the @UKLabour front bench?#corbynisabsolutelyuseless he is enabling Tory brexit. He is a scab. 
The 17.4M didn't vote for a Soft Brexit , we voted for FULL UK Independence, if we wanted a "Deep" special partnership with the EU we would have voted to Remain!! @theresa_may 
Me and so called 750k to million people marched yesterday to protests against so called will of the people, because we are so called ppl too. With so called rights. In a so called #democracy. Showing the so called government that want to stop so called #Brexit with a #FinalSay 
"What we are witnessing may be a nation, not just going into economic recession but a regression into political or cultural infantilism. The centre ground of politics has completely disappeared; the mad, the bad and the fools are now in charge."#Brexit 
One of the signs being carried by one of the brexit protesting morons said it wanted a future for their grandchildren. By then the country will be a Muslim republic so why don't they address their concern to the Muslim council of Great Britain who may be able to help. 
'CHUCK CHEQUERS' May's Brexit blueprint will TRAP Britain in EU single market-shock report  
Between now and the end of 2018, over half the firms surveyed by the CBI will activate their Brexit contingency plans: moving jobs, altering supply chains, stockpiling etc. at huge cost.Once the dominos start falling, you can expect the headlines to get very hairy indeed...  
In a one and a half hour conference call with twelve cabinet ministers announced at short notice, the prime minister apparently faced a rebellion over her latest Brexit plans. But in today’s Sun she insists that a deal is now in sight. But what kind? She may not last to see it. 
Corbyn's roll in the Tory mess, you got 1 thing right it is the Tory mess, the brexit mess is all down to the Tories But blame Corbyn, yes it's all his fault isn't it! He didn't call for the referendum, your ex party leader Cameron did then ran away, blame him not Corbyn 
Brexit is a disaster in every possible way. 
Great way to get the Netherlands to support you on Brexit deal  
“You realise I’m an immigrant, right?” I said. “Ah, the Irish are alright,” he replied. It was my first insight into the psychology of #Brexit, writes @PeterFlanagan in London 
Jeremy Corbyn should recognise that it isn’t millions of Tories or UKIP supporters who are angry at him for supporting Brexit. It is people who should be his natural constituency. If he thinks that he can piss these people off because UKIP voters will make him PM he’s lost it. 
Peoples vote ALREADY happened.  It wasn't the cats & dogs of Britain that voted for Brexit it was the British people.   
(Opinion) 'Leaving the EU goes against everything the Tory Party stands for – they should be the ones opposing Brexit'  
Given the fact that the May govt has made a shambles of #Brexit, I wonder what the polls would say if @BBCPolitics & @BBCNews editors & journalists weren't almost exclusively  known supporters of the @Conservatives?  
“no government can deliver a Brexit which makes this country stronger and safer than EU membership does, but their hope of power lies in denying this.”  
Theresa May vows to press ahead with her soft Brexit plan even if she loses her job  
How to explain Brexit to a Little(we'll rebuild the Empire)Engerlander!!  
I don't want a hard brexit, I don't want a tory brexit or a Labour brexit. I don't particularly want a soft brexit I want no brexit and Corbyn seems to be the only opposition standing in the way which is a shame because I thought he was different  
I’m not being glib about the evils of the Pinochet regime, I’m being glib about the duplicity  of Jeremy Corbyn as we are heading towards Brexit.  He doesn’t want to stop it, he wants to capitalise on it. It’s a lifelong political dream for him.  
As the Trump admin plans new federal guidelines that define gender as biologically determined at birth and immutable, the need to defend trans legal protections based on a person's self-identification are crucial. The MA referendum is about this! #YesOn3 
European leaders have repeatedly suggested that they would be open to Britain rejoining the EU in the event of a second EU referendum  
Brexit: Could there be a second referendum? Watch @AJUpFront  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
That rancid old fuckwit on the plane is the absolute personification of Brexit and the ugly English nationalism that fuelled it.  #Ryanair 
‘It is simply incredible that little more than two years since Labour MP #JoCox was murdered during the Brexit referendum, that any MP could think it sensible or acceptable to use the language of political violence, employing references to knives & nooses’  
UKIP literally came first in the 2014 European elections. My god. Brexit didn’t just randomly happen in Summer 2016.  
We can't agree or disagree on all matters under our political sun. One thing is key; we shouldn't be permanent agreeable or disagreeable elements. You now know why I support #Referendum(IPOB's No1 agenda),yet campaigning for a restructuring czar like @atiku . 
I’d seen this theory flying around, but when Bernstein said it, a chill went down my spine. The consensus is that this is the most important election of our lifetimes, and it’s true. This would HAVE to be the tipping point. He declares this MOST important referendum on his- 
I've had several Brit subscribers ask me to talk about Brexit.I'll talk about it when you kick crazy Theresa May out and get someone with the balls to actually negotiate or when it is finally made clear she has no intention of actually finalizing an exit from the EU. 
Newspaper headlines: Brexit revolt warning and Beckhams' break-in scare  
Every time BBC Scotland presenters and reporters ask about fishing, the SNP interviewee should start ringing off those *other* sectors that will be severely damaged by Brexit ... then point out that it was Westminster that sold out fishermen. 
It appears the dreaded number for Theresa May is 48, with a Brexit deadline in 72, all of which hopefully equates to No.10 for Jeremy Corbyn. #SocialistSunday #GTTO 
Read this interesting article about Brexit Taliban member @MarcusFysh in @PrivateEyeNews See why Fysh is so enthusiastic about Brexit.Marvel at how this man holds public office.  
Here's the news from Ireland & it is the copper bottomed truth UK union was built on invasion lies deception rape butchery bullying murder famine clearances & every other despicable crime you can think of. #Brexit has destroyed the UK! Hope it rots in my atheist version of Hell  
This video isnt posted to reassess Tony Blair's legacy - that's done and dusted. It's to contrast the absolutely abysmal showing of Jeremy Corbyn in the referendum campaign. 
What??? So 700, 000 marching through London demanding a #peoplesvote to avert the national disaster of Brexit is invalidated as a struggle because the BBC put Rosa Parks in an episode of Doctor Who? And your a Labour supporter?  
'What was once the most powerful empire on earth cannot find its way to the door without tripping over its own feet': A continental take on how Brexit has made Britain an international laughing stock  via @SPIEGELONLINE 
There’s more chance of the Second Coming of Christ than a second EU Referendum.That has also got a few hundred thousand subscribers. 
U.K. softens Brexit red line as May faces lawmaker backlash  
“The Brexit talks are not about me or my personal fortunes. They’re about the national interest – and that means making the right choices, not the easy ones.” @theresa_may writes for The Sun to take on her hard Brexiteer critics. 
Another night, another nonsense #SkyPapers.#Brexit is no threat to peace in NI, will you stop with this utter bollox now please.These are our lives, rendering you no right to feck about with them because you are incapable of winning your argument on merit, you lazy sod. 
Another bit of the economy & the UK written off by the #Brexit vandals. That's a a long list including:The car industry;All other manufacturing;Science & innovation;University research;Scotland;Northern Ireland's majority (which isnt DUP). 
Excl: Theresa May doubles down - vows she’ll plough on with her Brexit plan, whatever the consequences for her Premiership: “I don’t think about what the implications are for me”. 
This tweet makes me want a no deal Brexit  
The Tories are in chaos.⁦@UKLabour⁩ and ⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ can take control of Brexit and lead efforts to rebuild our relationship with Europe, our economy and society.We need a general election, a Labour government and a #PeoplesVote. 
This needs retweeting. Very important the @BBC takes this on board. Their perceived partiality towards brexit is measurably damaging their brand.  
Brexit deal is 95% done, Prime Minister will tell MPs when she addresses the Commons on Monday 
Morten Morland on people’s vote campaigners marching against Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
Those proposing #maxfac don’t have a rashers: no technology in the world can keep the Irish border open post #Brexit in a manner that doesn’t pose a threat to the #GFA. Not Norway, not Canada, not Switzerland & as per the below not Ukraine either! 
Anyone who'd opt for the status quo- dumping Brexit & staying in the EU under the Tories, is abandoning every victim of austerity, every soul waking up in a shop doorway, everyone in the foodbank queue... We need the Tories OUT. We need a Corbyn government. 
Tomorrow the PM will tell Parliament that 95% of the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement is done: Cyprus/Gibraltar protocols “broad scope” of governance & dispute resolution N Irish backstop Geographical indications As usual, let’s wait for the text for the details. (1) 
Brexit: Derek Scally witnesses first-hand the reality of crossing a border into the EU 
Destabilising an entire region leading to millions of people leaving their homes has led us to the rise of the right wing throughout the world. He is responsible. His opinion on brexit is worthless when you consider the part he played in starting it. 
The Tories are in open civil war over Brexit but have increased their lead to 5 points.A shambolic unpopular mid-term government going further ahead?  
As long as they say the 'so called referendum', I'm happy. 
Tomorrow's Times front page: Back down on Brexit or face revolt, May warned  
COMMENT OF THE DAY: Brexit is stage one. Stage two is deporting all foreigners.  
#ChequersPlan#quote "The most important public policy choice in a generation – how to implement Brexit – is being driven by a mixture of shoddy calculations, exaggerated claims + deliberately misleading use of data."Lethal article. *very* detailed. Read! 
Monday’s TELEGRAPH: May’s call to Cabinet on Brexit rebels’ plot #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Dear @SNewtonUK, @stevedouble, @scottmann4NC, @sheryllmurray and @DerekThomasUK, Your colleague @Anna_Soubry is worth listening to: "You'd be a very unwise MP if you weren't looking at this & realising."#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
"I am coming back to Biafra land soon and I will bring hell with me, the way it has never been seen before...I decree that there is no longer South East or South South Nigeria, it shall be known as Biafra, without referendum nothing will happen in Nigeria.  
Lots of Brexiters saying that 700k People’s Vote marchers wasn’t many people and that 17.4m voted for Brexit:If 650k voters had voted the other way, Remain would have won. So, if 700k isn’t many people, that means their victory wasn’t the ‘massive’ mandate they pretend it is.  
Theresa May's leadership of the Conservatives is in question as Tory MPs demanded she appear before them to justify her Brexit proposals. @TomSwarbrick1 asks: Do you back the prime minister? 
"Sometimes reporting on Brexit can feel like standing in front of a glacier and excitedly talking about how fast it's moving."Bang on, @ChrisMasonBBC 
Nigel Farage clashed with leading Remainer Lord Andrew Adonis in this very heated Brexit debate. 
No, you really are being dramatic. Comparing Brexit to the Holocaust is both ridiculous and abhorrent. Take some time to reflect on what you are saying.  
Your leader ran away to Geneva whilst we marched for the vote your membership overwhelmingly want.Your comments indicate that the majority of Labour members are idiots, and you know betterMeanwhile Starmer gets laughed at on BBCQT when he explains Labour's #Brexit position  
This could have a big impact on the #PropRep referendum. What will the NDP government do? #bcpoli 
Been racking my brains to think of a reason why the Brextremists don't want an informed EU referendum?  
The politicians might still be pretending Brexit is beneficial.Meanwhile, business - knowing the truth - is pulling the carpet from under the UK's feet. 
Theresa May faced a Cabinet revolt tonight after an attempt to shore up support for her Brexit plans, during an hour-and-a-half long conference call with her ministers, backfired#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
You're hiding in Geneva & your party running the government in Wales are backing the Tories over Brexit.Labour isn't standing up for the many, it's standing up for the few.Welsh Labour isn't standing up for Wales, it's standing up for the Tories.Wales, please wake up.  
In Spain and talking to English 'ex-pats', and they are all remarkably gung ho for Brexit. They admit it's an unknown landscape for themselves, but 'we get to rule ourselves again'.  They admit a fear around visas and healthcare. Hard to fathom. 
It is odd how I have never seen a Brexiteer say “bring on a 2nd referendum, we will win that one too now we can point to the realities of Brexit and what it exactly means, giving real legitimacy to our glorious plans....” 
Nasty Tories!!What a ShitShow!!Brexit Windrush Austerity Debt Homelessness Foodbanks Sanctions Zero Hour Contracts Fracking Social Care Crisis.. Never been anything other than the Nasty Tory Party  
Perhaps the best anti-#Brexit slogan yet. (From @TiernanBrady) 
It's a little ironic. During brexit "false equivalence" from. the BBC has turned people like me from its greatest advocates to its most ardent critics.Since the Leavers hated the BBC anyway that seems to be a strategy to unite everyone in opposition to you. 
can we actually have a referendum on this?? The people must decide.  
Final Say: Anti-Brexit campaigners to target 50 Conservative MPs in push to win people's vote on deal  
“‘There’s no plan B’: Academics race to safeguard research against #Brexit” 
FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY.DO. NOT. DO. THIS.I think Brexit is incredibly stupid. If there was another vote, I’d vote Remain. Again.BUT STOP PRETENDING BREXIT IS ANY WAY, SHAPE OR FORM LIKE THE HOLOCAUST IN WHICH SIX MILLION OF MY PEOPLE WERE MURDERED.STOP. IT.  
.         Live in Aberdeen South Constituency?Your Tory MP @RossThomson_MP  wants to take you on the road to nowhere with a hard #Brexit no deal!         He is on the far right of Tory Party politics            -You Just Can’t Trust a Tory-  #YJCTAT 
In the name of God, Go!Please retweet if you agree.@Arron_banks#Brexit #Conservatives #StandUp4Brexit #bbcqt #TheresaMay 
Jane Caro poised to run against Tony Abbott.Wouldn’t it be great if Australia’s “drain the swamp response” wasn’t a Trump or a BrexitBut a wave of smart, articulate environmentally aware women.#Warringah #auspol 
If Tory Remainers really wanted to act in the public interest over #brexit they would resign their party whip and stand in alliance with all the other parties to have a vote of no-confidence in the May Government. 10 MP's would be enough to form a "rainbow" government. 
@Michael_Heaver @TelePolitics The EU is now more likely to deliver Brexit than the British Government. 
Massive crowds in London protesting for a second #Brexit vote.  
Yesterday, on the march, I saw people wearing ‘Love Corbyn. Hate Brexit’ t-shirts.To me, that’s as bizarre as wearing a ‘Love Rees-Mogg. Hate Brexit’ t-shirt.Both men are ideologically opposed to the EU. Surely, it’s illogical to love a politician, but hate a core belief.  
1:  As long as @The3Million and @BritishInEurope and their families are having their livelihoods jeopardised by a Brexit achieved through xenophobia and lies, preventing that is the single most important issue. 
“What do we want?”“A #PeoplesVote”“When do we want it?”“Everytime we lose!”#BRexit #LeaveEU 
The irony here There were not 700k plus.The truth is you lost the referendum by well over a million votes, we're leaving the EU by Act of Parliament and the 130k of bussed in whingers were only there because;They find accepting the truth painful   
The Conservatives are making a mess of Brexit. And Jeremy Corbyn isn't interested in stopping them. So it's down to the @LibDems .#DemandBetter #LiberateTheUK 
Congratulations! The stupidest argument yet against a 2nd referendum, "It would be embarrassing”. Yes, this country should be a 19th century loveless marriage, repenting our haste, but still too proud to divorce.Oh, and get over the Empire thing  lads, it was aaaages ago.  
Some Corbyn supporters say we must unite with Corbyn against the Tories & forget opposing Brexit. Brexit will hit the poor & vulnerable hardest. It can be stopped within 6 months. the rest can be done afterwards. And a #Brexit defeat will utterly shatter the Tories.#PeoplesVote 
#Brexit was a UKIP and Tory Fascist Wet Dream!Then the EU Anti Tax Avoidance Directive was announced in Brussels.All hell broke loose in the City of London and big Banks.Cameron was coerced/conned into ReferendumDark Money protected #DarkMoney The rest is History! 
For all you unhappy Remoaners out there it’s time for some good news. I’m back @talkRADIO tomorrow morning. Don’t forget to tune in for my take on the #LosersMarch - unusually I start at 6.30am in for @JuliaHB1 - Don’t miss it #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
ANDREW ALLISON Thatcher - 1) would have made sure the civil service was prepared for Brexit2) would never have allowed the EU to walk all over us as May has done3) would not have agreed to hand over £39bn of our money to Brussels without guarantees 
Here’s what we discussed today * Scottish Green Party Conference  * Education incl Israeli/Palestine schools packs* Palestine * Saudi Arabia* Steve Bannon* Nick Clegg* Brexit  * People’s Vote march* People's Palace & W/Gardens * Equal Pay Strike * BSE * Eriskay Tree  
More risible #ProjectFear. So the ex-Head of MI6 has forgotten the Russians also assassinated Aleksander Litvinenko on British soil, in 2006, long before #Brexit was even being talked about.Comforting our spooks have such short memories, isn't it?     
People have been accusing @Nigel_Farage of antisemitism today because of his comments during the @LBC @Andrew_Adonis interview. Suggesting George Soros is funding an effort to reverse Brexit.I guess the @guardian must be antisemitic as well then huh? 
I’m a lifelong Labour voter (30 years now). I joined the party to vote Corbyn in. Wish I hadn’t. Cannot now vote Labour until they change their stance on Brexit or change the leader... 
Brexit means stupid - so who voted for this?  
Let's translate this from Lord Adonis:1 The march yesterday hasn't changed anything 2 Corbyn and his front bench are so useless they didn't even turn up3 Vote Labour anyway and get the useless idiots in government and hope they change #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #brexit  
Chris Johns: The UK causes great consternation in Brussels because it keeps asking the EU to solve the Brexit problem, without being able to come close to saying what the problem is  
The logic of my piece from January about the obvious flaws of government Brexit policy still holds. A shame Mrs May chose not to listen, but it’s not too late to change.   
Deborah, to be clear ,  the 2016 EU leave was criminally procured - by criminals. The vote is therefore invalid, and cannot be used for a major constitutional change - and after 17th July 2018 , any MP who still supports "brexit" is in breach of # 5 of their Code of Conduct 
Farage has predicted these will be the insurgent army rising up to deliver true Brexit & doing away once and for all with the enemy opposed to a global independent Britain- the elitist Remainers. Thus speaks the man who earns a fortune from his outside interests unlike most of us  
It’s too bad that Labour is entirely deaf to the massive popular rejection of Brexit, and consequently entirely useless as an opposition. 
Ouch...... well telt #brexit  
Elections BC holding a press conference tomorrow about mail in PR referendum kicking off. Very curious to see at what point they extend the deadline to mail ballots back. #bcpoli 
It’s true that I am a very sexily burnished phantasmagoria of vermillions, ochres and oranges at the moment. Brexit, sad to say, looks like a pumpkin carved out too early for Halloween and gone mouldy on the doorstep of 10 Downing Street  
Britain is not leaving the EU, because Brexit is dead, but it does need a People’s vote to give it a decent burial  
Seriously recommend people buy this week's copy of the @TheNewEuropean There is a superb article by @DaveRowntree (from @blurofficial) about impacts of Brexit on music industry & why he is supports a #PeoplesVote  Also an article by @MitchBenn Brilliant, inspirational voices! 
Why do brexiteers have to March, only losers March, if you want proof of how many brexiteers there really are, look at the results of the referendum..  
Yes there is ..it was called the referendum Millions of votes were cast NOT some skewed poll by people that want that message portrayed.Again ,on ur ‘democracy’ argument, if remain won a 2nd referendum,myself and millions of others would demand a 3rd..do u see how silly u sound  
Hopefully SNP meeting Barnier will emphasise need to halt Brexit and need for people's vote. 'Soft ' brexit not the answer democratically nor for the economy  
I voted remain in the #Brexit referendum, but the more I have seen of the EU's behaviour since I am now firmly in the leave camp. The EU is turning itself into a European superstate imposing itself on member states using economic power. This is reason enough to leave on its own. 
“And also brexit is just racist as well” - imagining making your children regurgitate this kind of nonsense. Sad.  
Go to Europe then if Brexit stole your future.... and join the millions of young people on the dole in your super EU 
I challenge a pro Brexit match too. With over 700,000 people , of all ages and not one single incident, no arrests. Stop the rhetoric and let’s see how mainstream Brexit really is now  
Groups Promoting Anti-Brexit 'People's Vote' March Funded by the EU  
Theresa May had 15 minutes to make her Brexit pitch to EU leaders. But she spoke so fast Angela Merkel couldn’t understand her  
This Leaver nonsense about "democracy' & 'will of the people' conceals a category error. A referendum is not a general election. In the latter, parties publish a manifesto.  You know what you are voting for. If they do something different, they are punished at subsequent election 
For anybody in Scotland seeking any salvation in Corbyn. He will now legislate against any independence referendum and the 'whole' of the UK think he's much worse than the worst Tory Government in living memory.  
Remainers - and centrists in general - are still hankering for a pre-2016 status quo that was wildly unpopular and led to deepening inequality and alienation. Brexit won’t solve this but neither will Jean-Claude Juncker. On yesterday’s evidence, little has been learned. 
my dad was talking to one of his mates today; he's never voted for anything in his life, except for Brexit. when my dad told him he'd been on the march he said, "fuck off. i hate politicians, and you want more of them!" that is legit his argument for Brexit. where to start?  
The economic impact of independence positive - witness Ireland Economic consequence of Brexit negative - witness Car manufacturing and monied men to Dublin etc etc  
Without referendum nothing will happen in Nigeria and ipob will never participate in any thing called election and that position will never change... Nnamdi KANU @EmekaGift @NkirukaNistoran @ipob_writers @NkemdiMary 
Aye but everybody didn’t have to go to fucking London to vote in the referendum did they? It wasn’t a fucking Roman census.  
This weekend my Twitter notifications has been flooded by the Swiss border. I blame @dmitryopines for being so funny (don't stop).Some of the negative tweets show how the heat of Brexit has poisoned debate. Facts are not facts but weapons in a fight.Let’s step back a bit1/5 
UK between decline and abyss.  British economy survived the Brexit referendum in 2016, but is losing ground to other countries.  @el_pais 
If Labour don’t campaign to abandon brexit soon, the Tories will beat them to it, and Labour will have missed the biggest bus to power there has ever been. They’ll be left standing in the rain, grumbling what could have been. 
the impact of brexit is already being felt I see  
It’s weird to be voting in a referendum that hasn’t made me feel like I’ve been losing my mind for months. Nice for a change x 
Since yesterday, people have been talking to me about the march and about Brexit. #PeoplesVote is now mainstream. Things have changed. 
The Tories are selling us all down the river!Rightwing thinktanks unveil radical plan for US-UK Brexit trade deal  
Noticed over last few days a few consistent "Corbyn wants soft #Brexit" supporters starting to like or even comment on Corbyn's silence on #PeoplesVoteMarch Think running to Geneva to avoid the biggest march in 10 years might be the final straw for a lot of people 
"Brexit will force me to choose between caring for my husband and looking after my parents" writes @nickynoo007 about being faced with difficult choices as one of the 1.2m @BritishInEurope. 
Repealing a 2016 transgender discrimination law on the grounds framed in the Massachusetts referendum — steeped as it is in anti-transgender myths — would not only assert that transgender lives do not matter, but that they constitute a public threat.  
Brexit plan unveiled at last.  
Nissan delays the start of wage talks with its British workers until the terms of Brexit have been settled  
Ahoy Brexit anxious, time poor people. ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ have a template you can adapt and send to your MP asking for a #PeoplesVote.**Make sure you adapt it to ask clearly for it to include an option to remain ***.Please take 2 minutes to do it  
WATCH: Hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered in London to call for a new referendum on Brexit.  pic.twitter.com/jATIv1vJ5C 
@LBC when are you guys going to start fact checking #FarageOnLBC? Simply having @mrjamesob calling out Farage's bullshit isn't good enough anymore. Regular listeners to Farage's show deserve to know they're being taken for mugs.#Brexit#BrexitShambles 
The Prime Minister used to articulate the right vision for Brexit - and as @BorisJohnson points out, now is the time for her to return to that vision! 
Yet another retreat from the world and more mangled, deliberately misleading , language in this #Brexit statement on overseas aid....Overseas aid: Taxpayers' bill could be cut - Mordaunt - BBC News  
The Brexit dividend on the other hand ... lap it up! Even ‘deal’ is misleading as we are only talking about withdrawal ageeement not what follows  
Husband: “We are the country that is driving straight into the ocean because satnav told us to go there.” #Brexit 
Certain pundits always like to say Labour should be spades over May because of Brexit. But they never show a poll that says if Labour fights for a new referendum and denies all legitimacy to the last referendum, people will vote for them in droves come next General Election 
"We’re beyond the wire now folks. Brexit can still be stopped, but all routes to that are via an extension not of the transition period but of the Article 50 negotiating period itself".@GuitarMoog@AlynSmith … 
I would hate for Scotland to leave the UK, but given the damaging lunacy of Brexit, I couldn't put forward a single argument to make them stay.  Billy Connolly is right, and if I were Scottish, I'd be thinking along the same lines.  
"Almost every1 who has a say in Brexit belongs to the British establishment, meaning they went to an outrageously expensive private school and completed their studies at Cambridge/Oxford. In this regard, too, we have been enlightened. What in the name of God do they learn there?" 
Waging war on: Universal Credit, sugar, , FOBTs, and the Brexit bully boys - while remembering Tessa Jowell and the days when Nick Clegg was (almost) cool. My weekly newsletter...  
When all the pro Brexit brigade can do is seek to play down the numbers you know we have won the case for #PeoplesVote 
this is true... I have been to four Euro countries this year. It took less than five minutes for various people in each country to mention Brexit and reactions ranged from utterly perplexed to embarrassed to sad. I should have had a big badge saying "it wasn't me and I know." 
We are so obsessed with Trump and Brexit we are missing the new geopolitics breaking out across the world. My report from Pakistan, in @TheAtlantic, on what Imran Khan reveals about our messy, intensely fluid new world of intersecting Chinese and American orders. 
This episode of  is hard hitting, informative and absolutely necessary in an age of Trump and Brexit. The racists and the bigots will not win. They never have and they never will #DrWho 
We are less than 6 months from leaving. These politicians have had two years to have been working on the best for post Brexit Britain. Instead they've contributed nothing except bleating. The country needs new politicians. This crop are working against the UK and YOU.  
Martin Armstrong Blasts "Brainwashed Masses" Calling For 2nd Brexit Referendum  
Brexit is a golden opportunity but the government is in danger of throwing it away:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Groups Promoting Anti-Brexit ‘People’s March’ Funded by the EU  
Good resource here on how to write, mail and call your MP's officeFind out about their next surgery or drop-in, make an appointment to express your feelings on #Brexit and #PeoplesVoteIn our view, it's the single most important act we can all take now 
Another one here! I have voted for @UKLabour for 37 years but facilitation of an illegally obtained outcome of a referendum that excluded millions from voting, despite 86% of Labour supporters wishing to Remain, means the party no longer has my vote. This is on @jeremycorbyn  
Meanwhile on #Brexit protest in London   
Can’t there be some kind of national agreement that anyone who mentions the British Empire in the context of Brexit is muted by the whole country for 30 days? Second offence, 60 days. Third offence, their only method of communication is via AOL dialup. Forever. 
Oh dear, just spotted this. Arguing that Labour MP's voting against a shambolic Tory Brexit are on the same side as Andrea Jenkyns and the hard-right ERG fanatics is, quite frankly, a disgrace.  
I hear it was actually 1.2 billion.Yesterday the population of the UK went through the roof to attend the anti-Brexit rally.  
For anyone worried that abandoning Brexit would be a national humiliation, I'm sorry to tell you that that ship has already sailed. The rest of the world looks on horrified and bemused by this pointless act of self-immolation. Abandoning it is a chance to rescue (some) respect. 
I was thinking if my friend Jo Cox at yesterdays #PeoplesVoteMarch and what a great speech she would have given for an end to this barmy Brexit. I close my eyes... and see her face: MARIELLA FROSTRUP on Jo Cox  via @MailOnline 
Useless civil servants running Brexit talks always whinge that they need more time.Yet since 2016 they’ve wasted months on:• UK role in Juncker’s EU military programme• UK trials for new EU weapons schemes, EDF and CARD• Now role-playing for Juncker’s referendum re-match. 
Another right wing "independent journalist" has pitched up in the UK. Seems particularly interested in Brexit. Who is funding these people? Not many followers but he's flown all the way here to *interview* marchers  
"I decree that there is no longer South East or South South Nigeria, it shall be known as Biafra, without referendum nothing will happen in Nigeria. IPOB will not participate in any election and that position will never change " Nnamdi Kanu 
On the one hand I'm frustrated by Labour's Brexit stance. On the other, I cannot get past the attitude of the #FBPE crowd that looks at the Corbyn movement - a massive, young, diverse force for good - and sees the enemy. You're just putting yourselves on the wrong side of history 
Translation: Turns out we spent our entire careers talking undiluted bollocks about pretty much everything, especially Brexit. But we can’t back out now because then we’d have to admit it.  
I ran a Twitter poll asking people, obviously almost all Remainers how they would vote if Labour campaigned to stop #Brexit. 71% said they would vote Labour. 
Brexit plan that I honestly think would work: Just carry on being in the EU but when anyone asks just say we left. Guarantee even if anyone notices, they'll have forgotten about it after a couple of weeks. 
"Without referendum, nothing will happen"---- Nnamdi Kanu, October 21, 2018#NnamdiKanu and#IPOB worldwide stands to boycott all #NigerianElection until #Referendum is given to Biafrans to determine their future in #Nigeria@Amaka_Ekwo@EmekaGift@NkirukaNistoran@nlitvin 
Spotted this outside @cardiffuni Journalism School earlier. Parts of our press and even parts of @BBCNews might gently want to remind themselves of the quote “a free press is the most watchful sentry of the state” when looking at some of their “#Brexit is inevitable” coverage...!  
...& #Brexit's bedfellows...  
It’s nearly up there with Andrew Adonis and his moment of brexit clarity whilst skiing in Austria. No self awareness whatsoever 
In the negotiations, he specifically made two demands from government: either a “referendum or devolution” (his words),and the government was not forth coming with anything substantial. But instead came to kill him and in the process killed 28 people in the invasion of his house. 
Letters: "Why would the BBC not host white supremacist Steve Bannon, when they thrust Nigel Farage in our faces and ears mercilessly during the run-up to the EU referendum?"  
In latest CBI survey 80% of companies reported Brexit had had negative effect on investment decisions, 39% said they would trigger further contingency plans if no clarity by next month, 19% said now too late for contingency plans to be stopped.  Terrifying 
Mother of all Brexit comparisons..#Brexit  
Again #IPOB leader have restate his commitment on election boycott until Biafran decides through #Referendum as he thanks the State of Israel, also remember Biafran & the world that his father name is Israel that its means a lots. Wishes #Israeli PM  "Happy Birthday" 
this is on the money from @philbc3 - the ultimate concern of continuity Remain's leading spokespeople is less Brexit itself, and more the restoration of the political status quo ante  
Both official sides were supposed to strictly spend no more £7m in the EU referendum with other independent campaigns allowed to spend 700k. Remain kept to this whereas two groups spent more than £7m. Vote Leave criminally spent at least 7.625m and Leave EU spent at least £9m.  
Read @peterkyle MP for a thoughtful, sincere and powerful argument in favour of a referendum on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations.  
"Brexit is a threat to Ireland, the U.K., the rest of Europe — and the U.S. too"  
People's Vote identifies 50 Tory MPs who could be swayed on Brexit  
.@Andrew_Adonis to Farage:‘I think you’ve just made the case for a referendum because you can’t agree among yourselves what leaving actually means, so if you can’t agree then the people should have a say.’You definitely won that bout Andrew!  
There must be a lot of people now who voted for Brexit who are thinking ‘oops’ and regret it but probably don’t want to come out and say so because of the charged atmosphere. And no-one likes being told ‘I told you so’. 
Let’s be honest, any Brexit which takes us out Customs Union at any point in the future will kill off car manufacturing. May’s deal is not a solution, it is temporarily averting the cliff edge.   
Remainers are thick. The UK cannot legislate where the EU has competence. Though I agree those powers were not "robbed". They were given away freely by an indolent, narcissistic and arrogant political class. That is why #Brexit of itself is only half of the remedy.  
“A con promoted by elitist losers who cannot accept democracy unless it goes their way” Sounds alarmingly familiar...the Brexit referendum...where misinformation, cheating, & law breaking was employed to ensure it “went their way.”#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote 
Who on earth in the Remain campaign thought the "Bollo*ks to Brexit" slogan was good idea? It's foul, unacceptable language and should be condemned. Seeing it plastered all over 7 year olds turns my stomach. 
#VintageMagTweets time. I'm going to focus on one article from this edition of Cosmopolitan 1988. It seems relevant after the anti-Brexit demonstration in London this weekend. Warning: it makes depressing reading.  
Tom Parker Bowles at the #peoplesvotemarch telling it straight!...Brexit is bananas, @BorisJohnson lied and he even convinced a Prince’ wife to believe his rubbish! #brexit #camillaparkerbowles 
They lost. Yet they bring their children, foreign friends who did not and could not vote at our Referendum in 2016, to a rally to reverse the EU Referendum result. A few hundred thousand came. 17.4 million who voted to Leave did not attend. It was a Losers' rally. Nothing more. 
"I decree that there is no longer South East or South South Nigeria, it shall be known as Biafra, without referendum nothing will happen in Nigeria. IPOB will not participate in any election and that position will never change " Nnamdi Kanu #NnamdiKanuTheBigotSpeaks 
This is an immature argument. Ref was won on electoral fraud , CA psy-ops , Russian interference ,propaganda & lies . GE17 resulted in a hung HoC & £1B bribe to DUP.So Brexit has NO democratic legitimacy or mandate. Time to let ppl decide on the deal.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
3. Yes it did @campbellclaret. A very good piece but PLEASE don't forget the Brits who came from all over Europe - as far as the Canary Islands - for it. Brexit is going to have a direct impact on our future & many couldn't vote in 2016. We need to be included in any franchise. 
"IPOB will liberate Biafra and we will not take part in any election until we get a referendum and this is not negotiable, we will achieve this by every necessary means, we thank Isreal for all the contributions they made to IPOB"  Nnamdi Kanu #NnamdiKanuTheBigotSpeaks 
“When more people than are members of both main parties put together march against #Brexit, both parties should listen.”@guardian#TheRemainMovement#PeoplesVoteMarch 
'A study comparing Britain to peer economies finds its output is 2.1% below what it would be without Brexit.' 
I find saying Bollocks to Brexit out loud to be very therapeutic. I recommend all to try it once in a while. 
MPs, Write your letters of No confidence Now!There is another way!When the person is:Too obtuse,Too confused,Too obstinate &Too frightened to change the policy,Her party is left with No option but to change her!#MayMustGoNow#Brexit #EU@telegraph 
remember last week when MP for MK South @iainastewart called Gerard 'a disgrace' at his constituency workshop for asking him polite questions about Brexit? Gerard's open letter to him has made Quote of the Week in our local paper  you can't ignore us forever Mr Stewart!!   
12. This is why we have to find another way to do politics. The EU simply does not have enough legitimate consent. You can try and stop Brexit - but all you're doing is postponing the inevitable - reinforcing a system of government already living on borrowed time. 
YOU ALREADY LOST!Democracy demands that Britain IMMEDIATELY proceed with BREXIT Only Totalitarian anti-Democracy Leftist/Globalist Lowlifes like yourself would try to get do overs until they get the result they want  
And that is what they are signally failing to do. I don’t regard myself as anti-democratic: I am pointing out that the referendum itself was anti-democratic, and its elevation to a totemic act (someone called it ‘reification’) has been the core of this disaster. /16 
“If participation in a march counted as membership of a political party, the party opposed to Brexit is now probably the largest in Britain, and on some counts larger than the Labour and Conservative parties combined. ”  
So let's commit natl suicide to save the faces of the worst bunch of politicians in decades?It resolves nothing.A #PeoplesVote at least salvages our democratic credentials.If we vote #Remain & #Reform we'll repair & renew. If not #Brexit happens & we're still in the **** 
Theresa May is warned that the 13 Scottish Tory MPs could vote down a Brexit deal if it means extending the hated Common Fisheries Policy beyond 2020That would mean the UK Government losing its majority in the House of Commons  via @telegraphnews 
People with the most expensive educations money can buy are claiming they didn’t understand what they’d agreed to in December. Yet they tell us everyone knew what they were voting for in the referendum.  
This sums it all up rather neatly.“If Brexit doesn’t happen, then Britain can no longer claim to be a democracy” — Brendan O’Neill 
None of the #Brexit options still available for May can get sufficient support in Parliament. (via @InFactsOrg) 
The only people who would be 'humiliated' by a reversal of Brexit are the morons who lied about how good it would be in the first place.Like you, Montie. 
#Brexit in a single banner   
Just like 2015 primaries, 2015 Brexit & 2016 Presidential, almost every leading "data analyst" favors one side in forecasting election result, and almost all give better odds than bookies on their forecasted outcome. Of note, none of these leading data analysts were right before. 
Remain trolls out in force today with their weird anti Corbyn obsession. It won't help stop Brexit, create support for another referendum or change the fact that this is the Tories mess. Changing the Labour leader or Labour policy won't change that fact. 
Chuka's protests:Stop Brexit - with ToriesLabour antisemitism - with ToriesHe wasn't there when we marched against warHe wasn't there when we marched against povertyHe wasn't there when we marched for the NHSIt's as if he just does protests that *might* damage Corbyn  
Leave does mean leave. What else can it mean? Stay a bit, keep one foot in, one foot out? Sign up to some stuff but not everything? Be beholden to Big Brother next door but have no say in what it does regarding us? Stop us from running our own country? #Brexit means Leave! 
1/ The Trump/Brexit elite uses the politics of fear: Inflame existing fears, give frightened people targets for their fear, present those targets as enemies, and then say that we need a strong state/leader/borders to protect the people.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
"Westminster, London during demonstration against Brexit ( about 650.000 people )One of the doors that give access to the British Parliament.No newspaper reads on the front page today: 'Storming of the Parliament'There was no police intervention nor charges"  
Britain's top Brexit negotiator is being headhunted by City firmsUseless idiot, his Chequers Plan is a Disaster! I would not employ him!  
So Gibraltar gets a special Brexit deal, but Scotland gets screwed. Unbelievable. 
the tories every time they think they're close to reaching a Brexit deal then someone brings up Ireland  
More than 60% of businesses are preparing to move research and development facilities and teams out of Britain, poll suggests 
“History will remember him as the Prime Minister who ripped the nation apart, then left others to try to clear up the mess.” Sorry to personalise. But this comment is spot-on. #Brexit  
The Observer: "Hard Tory #Brexit-ers worship a past that never existed while hailing a future that will never materialise." Spot on! 
Brexit ought to bring an end to an English style that is by no means confined to the upper class — The guttish, dilettantish and fatally flippant style that has dominated England for so long and failed it so completely.By @NickCohen4 
I just had a long conversation on twitter with a Brexiter. He was polite and civil, but he was pretty aghast at my suggestion that the referendum was too complex a question to be put to the electorate.This is counterintuitive to many people, and I want to set out my reasoning/1 
Wow have you been using Dianne Abbott’s abacus Anna Soubry march all you like and waste public funding we the majority voted Brexit and that’s not changing with your stupid attempts to change things and devalue democracy  
One woman thinks #Remain “didn’t lose”one guy says he’s moving to Mars if Brexit happensDelia (yes that one) says she can’t promise the result of a 2nd #EUref would be respectedanother guy wants all rich people dead... and on and on.Astonishing why they lost really  
Your opinion.. but I can assure you it’s not the opinion of most people.These kids are only spouting YOUR opinion that YOU have fed them.. they are unable to have a grown up opinion on Brexit Let kids be kids and stop using them as point scoring toolsAnd that’s MY opinion  
Joking aside, the well financed Losers Vote/ Idiots March is a stark reminder that the Establishment will stop at nothing to sabotage Brexit, whether it is by spreading fear, doubt and lies or by deploying thousands of gullible fools on the streets.   
All routes out of this catastrophe require an extension to Art50. It is possible, but it requires decisive action by MPs.@AlynSmith : Why MPs must halt this Brexit catastrophe  
I am sick to death of Tory propaganda like businesses are more worried about a Corbyn gov than Brexit as if us poor disabled people will say oh well then I won't vote Corbyn no more billionaire business owners are worried about him FUCK OFF 
This elderly gent did the march with his Zimmer frame. Such is the passion for remain and the anger over brexit. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Folk bicker about the numbers on some marchy marchy thingy yesterday. These are the Brexit numbers that matter.  
"Asked about the recent abortion referendum, he said he's "absolutely 100pc opposed to abortion as a means of birth control"Peter Casey proving how little he knows about abortion, contraception and women.  
I have not seen one Brexiter willing to take responsibility for the failings of #Brexit. Not one! They all have to blame someone else, even fellow Brexiters. You cannot take back control when you won't accept responsibility.Let's start taking back control with a #PeoplesVote! 
Just remember this. If the people most affected by #Brexit, 16-17 year olds, EU27 citizens in the UK and Britons abroad for 15+ years had been allowed to vote #Brexit would have been soundly defeated.#Brexit is unfair and unjust. We need a #PeoplesVote 
"I swear to god that businesses are more worried about a Corbyn government than any form of Brexit."@AndrewCastle63 | #Brexit 
One thing leavers were right about is that it's a lot easier to give power away than it is to get back. Having done so without consent we now see that we gave away more than our politicians realised. That's why they're not trusted and that's why compromise is impossible.#Brexit 
Also can I add how amazingly incompetent these people are? This policy is a dramatic government overreach that puts us behind other developed nations. If you can't frame it as more than a referendum on trans identities that's your fault. 
Fintan O'Toole: A plausible post-Brexit world ... Corbyn is PM, Northern Ireland votes to leave the UK, the Republic won't have them  
People's Vote identifies 50 Tory MPs who could be swayed on Brexit  
Can someone PLEASE do a spoof Dragon's Den featuring a team selling the new "#Brexit" product?I'm sure Deborah Meaden would be willing to take part.  
As someone who voted remain, if there was another referendum I'd vote leave purely because of this tweet.  
Regardless of your political leanings or views on Brexit, you have to admire @theresa_may’s courage and resilience. I hope she has a strong personal support network because beneath the exalted position there is a human under intolerable pressure. Would have broken most people. 
Fascinating thing about Brexit is that even the Brexiteers think it's going badly. There isn't anyone who thinks it's heading in the right direction. Has there ever been a time when even those wholly in favour of something have been unable to admit it's going well? Poll Tax? 
Dear @theresa_may , I hear an arch Brexiter hedge fund manager called Christopher Chandler has applied for EU citizenship in order to protect himself post brexit. Is this true and do you think it's a tad hypocritical? Just asking. 
So here’s what’s scaring the EU - a successful U.K. economy post Brexit. EU 'wants to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit'  via @MailOnline 
It’s amazing and incredible to witness the power of EU brainwashing. Thank goodness for 17.4 million Brexit voters. Thanks, @OzraeliAvi 
Yes, yes. Often people who follow me for my stuff on Social Justice scholarship & activism are then disappointed to find out that I'm not a fan of religion or that I think Brexit is a terrible idea.We are all made of many ideas. Try to remain calm. Rolling of eyes is fine. 
Anything is possible with #Brexit, including a snap General Election. We must be ready.**Sign our new @Remain_Labour petition, calling on @jeremycorbyn to guarantee that a #Labour GE manifesto would pledge a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain** 
Yawn. It always make me check my surrounding when I hear a Blairite talking about Brexit when their policies so disenfranchised the working class that they were ready to vote for it. Cognitive dissonance. 40 years of neoliberalism and you are surprised? Give your heed a wobble 
Whitehall war-games second EU referendum 
So, here's the thing..If (& that's a big IF) we leave EU, it will be under a shroud of Lies..That shroud shall crumble and the Truth will shine through..Wondering how many of the Brexit "Elite" will hang around to take the blame #peoplesvote to #stopbrexit #OptionToRemain 
Make no mistake, I have never advocated for a 2nd referendum and think if it were to be done it has to be as part of an election manifesto b/c the simple fact is a referendum on its own will not solve the discord of Brexit only inflame it.  
Ddoe yn Llundain / Yesterday I marched with fellow @Plaid_Cymru and @plaidifanc members through London to demand that the people of Wales, and the rest of the UK, get the final say on any brexit deal.We were amongst 700,000 who marched. #WhereWasCorbyn 
Politicians demanding a no-deal #Brexit are willing to inflict massive suffering on the British people so a tiny tax & regulation-hating elite can profit from disaster-capitalism, avoid EU anti-tax avoidance measures and get a #Brexit tax haven.They are criminals! #PeoplesVote 
Andy Davey on the Brexit backstop - political cartoon gallery in London  
In support of the DUP on Northern Ireland, opposing Scotland being spared the worst of the Brexit disasters, inevitable fishing betrayals. The Scottish Conservatives are bizarrely threatening to resign. And they want to govern Scotland.....  
The Right and the Left want Brexit, for their own ends. It is up to the Centre to stand firm and resist. 
Hi Mark, it's 20 years since Pinochet's arrest and I'm trying to find the refugee kids my mother and late father took in.But please do send over a list of topics I'm banned from talking about. I suspect it's everything except Brexit (which I have to talk about all the time). 
Mr Corbyn’s absence from yesterdsy’s anti-Brexit March speaks volumes. Why does a largely Remain-supporting party allow itself to be led by a clique of long-term opponents of the EU? 
Elsewhere in today’s fine @ObserverUK my colleague @NickCohen4 asks an apposite question re Brexit, which is: @David_Cameron where are you, you filthy coward? (To be fair @MrDDyer answered this is one word, but Nick’s is more elegant.) 
Agree & wrote a blog on this kind of Brexiter (il)logic. General form is: - Brexit will be easy with no bad effects, that proves it's right to leave!- It turns out not to be easy and bad effects start to emerge- Ah, that just proves it's right to leave! 
Some of the defenses I hear of Brexit strike me as amazingly similar to those of communism.This speaks to a big noble ideal so it doesn't matter much if, in practice, everyone is poorer and nothing works properly.We're not motivated by economics. It's the principle. 
We can only hope this nightmare government comes to an end soon !!..They have destroyed the UK with their disastrous austerity and their incompetent handling of Brexit that should not have been initiated in the first place !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
Not much to brag about when you failed to join the 2nd biggest demonstration in British history. By failing to oppose #Brexit you'll let the hard/far right get exactly what they want.And you're trailing this shambolic government in the polls.  
Many wondered why Nicola Sturgeon came out in support of a 'People's Vote'. Could it be that she's positioning the Scottish Govt in expectation that the UK Govt will *block* any such vote? Are we going to see the FM announce a Scottish equivalent?Brexit v Independence? or  
We already HAD the "#peoplesvote" - and the people voted to #LEAVE! It seems like #TomBaldwin (#EdMiliband's spin doctor) didn't read the question.... PATHETIC !  #StandUp4Brexit @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns @BrexitStewart @BorisJohnson @johnredwood #Brexit #UK 
Well done Remainers!The talks have collapsed.There's no majority in parliament for any pro-Brexit position.The 2nd largest march this century took place with over 700,000 people demanding a #PeoplesVote.The government's secretly drawing up plans for a new Brexit referendum!  
What Canada thinks of Brexit Britain. #PeoplesVoteMarch #peoplesvote 
Melanie Phillips. The only journalist whose opinion I ever really WANT to hear. And on #Brexit she’s saying this...All that matters now to save the UK: Theresa May has to go  It’s so obvious. If you want a proper Brexit, you can’t want May. 
If so, the irony could be that a perfectly conceivable scenario is: Lab come to power 2022 just after an extended transition period has ended and the biggest costs of Brexit start really ramping up, and Lab end up being blamed for Brexit and for 'always crashing the economy'.  
One thing I am certain of if there is another EU referendum, I will stump the country for Remain whilst demanding we fight for Eu reform. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Over next two years we will ensure Brexit happens.  
I make this point about a People’s Vote on Brexit: a referendum does not settle an issue, it just keeps it going (see Scotland)Even if folk voted Remain next time our place in the EU would continue to dominate political debateps - this is David Cameron’s legacy 
Hearing leading #Brexiter politicians now say that #Brexit is something that the UK 'can survive', is a bit like saying an unnecessary amputation without anesthetic is something you 'can survive'.Why would you do either?#BrexitShambles 
So, in my bid to break the bastard that is #brexit, I thought I’d go full on tinsel and splash out on cheap shit blue glitter eyeliner. However, it appears Brexit is currently still occurring but I’ve given myself conjunctivitis #ThingsIDoToRemain #WhateverItTakes  
Company behind People’s Vote used controversial Blue Telecoms in referendum campaign  
You're #RunningScared Jacob Rees-Mogg; scared that the majority will see through the lies of 2016, scared that they'll look at the outcome of the negotiations and say "this is not what we were promised", scared they will say bye bye & good riddance to #Brexit. 
Next time a British nationalist tells you EU referendum was a UK vote hit them with this! 
I spoke to a woman before the march who was advertising a 'socialist brexit' and I asked why Jeremy Corbyn wasn't there. She said he was too busy working in Parliament fighting austerity! On a Saturday! Heard he was actually in Geneva refighting the 1980s. 
these guys are my heroes  and they're not all even in this picture!! i was going to marches and putting up anti-Brexit banners & posters on my own long before i found @EuroMove_MK, but the impact we make together is so much greater! same goes for all of us  everyone matters!! 
I once said I suspected the final form of Brexit would be that most English of things, going through with disaster out of fist-chewing embarrassment at the objectively-better alternatives.And here we are.  
People wanting Labour to "save" Britain from Brexit but when we tell them if we oppose it now it's electoral suicide they say put country before party! How are we supposed to save the country without winning an election!??  
Gina Miller took the government to court to say the decision of leaving is in their hands, now, she wants to remove that decision from parliament and go back to the very people she said shouldn’t have been allowed to make the first decision. But this isn’t about stopping Brexit 
Brexit  
2 things 1. I voted remain and think Brexits a terrible idea 2. The “people’s vote” lot are underestimating and disregarding the Brexit voters yet again. This is why we ended up in this mess to begin with. 
Like the Ryanair incident yesterday this a direct result of Johnson, Farage, and Gove legitimising racism during the Brexit campaign. They'll wash their hands but the stain remains  
Laugh at Brexit  
As @Jon_Danzig writes in his blog today, ‘If the UK was run on the same democratic principles as the #EU, then we couldn't do #Brexit without the agreement of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.’ Please widely share his in-depth report #FinalSay 
UK government is now considering a referendum — “With May’s ability to command the support of parliament looking shakier by the day, it is their job to make contigency plans for every possibility, however remote, including a second referendum” 
If you read ONE thing on Brexit read this editorial in today's ObserverThere's not a single sentence which is not eminently retweetable :)  
Irish gov source - in @IrishMailSunday - “the DUP will be told ‘cause an election if you like, and then take your chances with Jeremy Corbyn.’ Paper reports that UK Gov officials told EU & Irish that DUP would not be allowed to hold up a #brexit deal. 
Theresa May says she will drop Brexit demand on Irish border to ease deal. The move could leave U.K. in the EU's customs regime indefinitely. 
Irish Gov source involved in #brexit talks tells @leeofthemail “everyone is very relaxed over there (EU) as they all believe she’ll drop the DUP, throw them under the bus once the budget is through” 
There's so much good Brexit commentary in Ireland's media, this by @skiduffer being the latest 
Why are brexiters so scared of a second vote? If leaving is what the UK want you should have nothing to worry about right? Truth is, thousands were mislead by #brexit campaign lies and want the opportunity to vote on facts. The leave camp know the result will be different. KD  
"It is still possible to reset our path towards a proper FTA. But we are running out of time, and we should not fear a ‘no deal’ outcome...The paradox is that the more we do, the less likely it becomes," adds the former Brexit Secretary. 
Sadiq Khan: *The Government doesn't have a mandate to gamble with our future.* That is correct.The Gov't has a duty of care, to take decisions fairly & on merit, using the best evidence and is accountable for its decisions in a court of law.How can Brexit not be misconduct?  
According to today's Express government are preparing for a 2nd referendum. It will probably coincide with the most destructive riots Britain has ever seen. Or will this too be ignored by a nation who could not possible be related to those who fought for our freedoms in WWl & ll 
The referendum of 2016, and more particularity the fall out from it (the cleaving away, the sneering, the extremity, the rhetoric) has done much damage.  Yesterday over 1% of the entire country turned up, gracious, happy, concerned, eager to repair matters.The UK is theirs too.  
Brexiteers are the ones dividing the country according to We voted in a referendum @ChukaUmunna Get used to the feeling, it’s called DEMOCRACY 
Yeah... when they thought #Remain would win - they were shutting down any chance of changing the result...Now they've lost and #Brexit is the result - they won't shut up about changing it !Anti-democratic hippocrites all - and not fit people to sit in a British parliament ! 
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
Great stuff @dontbrexitfixit  This is exactly what we all need to be doing every day - in “real life” not just on marches. Spreading the word that Brexit can and must be stopped.Start conversations, change minds with a thought provoking tee:  
Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Johnson writes newspaper columns. Brexit parallels with the fall of Rome are all too obvious  
If even the @BBC, the only entity with a near constitutional responsibility to accurately and neutrally inform the public, doesn't know what Brexit means... And had to be corrected by a flaming millennial....#PeoplesVote 
Brexit is already illegitimate on so many fronts it's impossible to keep track of the them all. If Mrs May is now deposed by her party, as reports suggest is being mooted, the illegitimacy will go stratospheric. 
#MayMustGoShe is not going to deliver the #Brexit we were promised. She must be replaced before it is too late.Retweet if you agree and let's get Brexit back on track.  
We exist.  Whatever happens, we will continue to exist & our numbers continue to grow as the old are replaced with the young...Please remember that, if they force Brexit through & we have to go through this process again to rejoin our European family.  
More #UK citizens live and work in #Australia than in all #EU countries combined.Another reason why #CANZUK is the best option after #Brexit.Visit our website for more information:  
Montgomerie here refers to the UK being a "self-governing" country thanks to BrexitThis is a common bit of rhetoric from Brexiteers that obscures more than it enlightens and misunderstands the term being used  
I dont recall voting for a version of Brexit , I voted leave to leave a corrupt organisation , what was the point of the cry baby march , many marching ie children , foreigners are not eligible to vote anyway , pointless waste of Police resourses 
Many of us have been saying for two years now that Brexit is largely about empire nostalgia and xenophobia. This is how deluded it is. And this is what happens when entire generations grow up with absolutely no real education about Britain's own history. They don't know anything.  
They all said it, the prominent Remainers during the EU Referendum campaign: This is a once-in-a-generation vote; this is it, there's no going back; this is your one chance, there won't be another; there won't be another referendum on this; this is your choice, not parliament's 
“If Brexit doesn’t happen then Britain can no longer claim to be a democracy. If this great democratic cry is written off, people will utterly lose faith in politics” — Brendan O’Neill on Sky#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Solid anti Brexit poster.  
Pretty funny how many passionate, hardline ‘Second Referendum’ Remainers don’t live in the UK. Or, even, the EU. 
Anand - this is *ROUTINE* in India.   right from memory the following amendmets 1st 76th 77th81st82nd83rd85th88th93rd <--- the mother of ALL amendments <-- one day you will all realizeall overturned Supreme Court judgments - referendum in another form is democracy. 
Defend ex-public school boy millionaire Brexiters who are moving £ millions out of the UK to avoid the effects of #Brexit while calling ordinary people who can think critically "The Elite". #FunnyThingsGammonsDo 
How does Delia Smith end up in this? #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
So... Did we stop Brexit?No? Oh.Back to the job of #RebuildingBritain and getting on with getting the #ToriesOut? YES?!  (You know, a big well done to those who marched) But understand the reasons of those who didn’t as well.(Some are too hurt by Blairites.) 
I don't often tweet out handheld signs, or signs protesting the #Brexit, but this one's worth making an exception. #Resist #SundayMorning 
Laughable.  Those quotes make embarrassing reading.  They are NOT charged with helping to hold an unconstitutional referendum - no such charge exists in Spanish penal code.  Not one shred of substantive evidence presented on actual charge of rebellion which requires violence. 
Jobs will be lost if Brexit deal not reached by December, business leader warns.Anyone listening in Westminster yet? 
If the ballot paper at the EU Referendum had been accurate, it would have asked:Should the UK remain in the EU, the organisation that will become the federal United States of Europe or leave the EU, the organisation that will become the federal United States of Europe? 
Which side would you rather be on?Peoples Vote March: 700,000 marchers. Zero trouble. Zero arrests. Free Tommy Robinson protest (undoubtedly Brexit voters):  
Staying silent will have great repercussions for our country, our democracy & our party. Inaction will not be forgiven or forgotten by the electorate. This is our last chance to save Brexit & install a strong leader who will put Britain's interests first.  
Rees-Mogg, whose case is corroborated by the Economists for Free Trade, explains why British consumers and businesses and public services will be the winners from the Brexit dividend if and when we do leave the EULet free trade prevail! 
It takes being ill to realise all this round-in-circles arguing on Twitter is exhausting and not worth it half the time. Entrenched views are entrenched views. Most of the #Brexit noise on here = monotanous echo chambering, not informed debate/exchange of ideas #zzzzzzz 
It’s clear - Brexit won’t be achieved by casting vain hope on the small band of Tory Brexiteers. It will take the collective 17.4 million Brexiteers to back the only party 100% committed to Brexit.Vote | Support | Join UKIP:  
I was one of the 800,000+ people yesterday who marched for a People's Vote. I knew it would damn near kill me health-wise..and I was right.But I would do it again in a flash, no hesitation. We need to Stop Brexit and prosecute all the crooks who rigged the Referendum. 
Kurdish party behind referendum wins regional polls in Iraq  
According to Remainers people like the racist Ryanair man didn’t exist before the Brexit vote.1) they did 2) they’ll always be some3) Brexit irrelevant here4) and IF racists think this might be acceptable again, they’ll soon learn society (Brexit AND remain) rejects it! 
An estimated 700,000 people took to London's streets on Saturday to demand a second vote on Brexit.  
A lot of people believe that Brexit has endorsed racism due to the number of people who voted to ensure no ‘foreigners’ were allowed to enter the UK. There is a shocking amount of xenophobia and racist hate still around. Sickening. 
Reality on the ground outpacing Brexit talks. 8 out 10 UK businesses holding back on investment. Bear in mind this compounds & these delays can’t be caught up. Brexit UK is in the slow lane & the world sees it.  
750,000....?? @peoplesvote_hq ! #MetPolice reckon approx 150,000.. If you grid square locations where all the marches were and assume 5 people per square metre then approx 200,000 tops! More deluded #REMAINER lies! #LosersMarch #LosersVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesMarch #BREXIT  
EVERY YOUNG ADULT IN THE UK SHOULD READ THIS.It's what the EU does not want young people to find out. The EU will keep young people poor whilst everyone else gets richer at their expense. Brexit will save a generation of young Brits, make them richer and get them a home.  
We need to check that the #Brexit which is on offer is really what the majority of people want. It's the democratic thing to do. Just check the Will of the people. If they are still happy to leave when we know the outline terms that's fine. Parliament needs to know  
People have been asking for my thoughts on yesterday’s people’s vote march.Firstly, any MP that says a second referendum is un-democratic needs a lesson in the rules of Parliament: “no Parliament can pass laws that future Parliaments cannot change”Same goes for electorates. 
This is astonishing. The Conservative  Party are inflicting enormous damage to higher education and research. And with a hard #Brexit it’s going to get worse.  
Worth pointing out that the difference in the vote between Brexit & Remain, at 17,410,742 versus 16,141,241, is now LESS than the number of new voters who are most impacted by that vote & had no choice on the matter...  
I do not want a Hard Tory BrexitI do not want a Labour 'Jobs First' BrexitI do not want a strong & stable BrexitI do not want a red white & blue BrexitI do not want an itsy-bitsy, teeny weeny, yellow polka-dot BrexitI do not want Brexit In Name OnlyI want a Dead Brexit. 
@Peston is suggesting is to have our entire trade policy controlled by a foreign power and any trade deals they strike meaning that countries could access our markets more freely than we could access theirs'. Sound stupid? It is!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Utter nonsense from @patrickharvie. Scotland went into #indyref with no clear plan on currency or EU membership, and we also had oil revenue projections which were negligent at best. Foure years later what's changed? Despite #Brexit, the argument for #IndyRef2 is no stronger. 
I was out too yesterday. Together with 100s of #The5Million of us EU27 citizens at home in the UK and Britons in EU27. You know, those people whose lives you *chose* to throw under the Brexit bus as collateral. We met up with about 700k of other friends. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The #PeoplesVoteMarch was genuinely cross-party Large numbers of Labour voters attended. This backs up credible research showing that around four in five Labour members want a #FinalSay on #Brexit So @jeremycorbyn , get off the fence!Back a #PeoplesVote 
David Owen on why #Chequers has been dead from day 1. #Brexit  
the Brexit MK group are shitting themselves  doesn't matter how young or old they are my dudes; they turned out to march in their hundreds of thousands, and when we get a #FinalSay referendum, they will turn up to vote. be afraid. pic.twitter.com/Fa0EJo2iv9 
I will blame the #FBPE mob if we get a Tory hard brexit, they spent so much time diverting their hatred towards Corbyn than Tories who are responsible for brexit.Well done for doing the Tory bidding. 
Fans might not like how CHARLES kept Milbury too long or in keeping Snow at tiller, but fact is he was screwed by D’Amato, then republican machine, then democrats during referendum. Him keeping  local is heroic. 
Very misleading to use "no deal" to mean "no TRADE deal". It actually means no withdrawal agreement. That means no transitional period. Also means a hard border between NI and Ireland, and a last-minute scurry for side deals to keep transport links between EU and UK open. #brexit 
Boris Johnson claims the Government is planning a Brexit “stitch up” 
“The freedom to re-set our nation’s economic policy is one of the true excitements of Brexit.What a pity the Treasury is so keen on wailing and gnashing of teeth” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
Last month PM Theresa May told EU citizens living in the UK, in the event no deal can be reached "your rights will be protected"  #Brexit 
.@DominicRaab is making up Tory #Brexit position as he goes along. What difference would a three month extension to the transition make?The Conservatives have form on using sticky plaster solutions to problems that require major political surgery.#PeoplesVote#StopBrexit 
It’s usually about this time on a Sunday that Brexit remembers it had loads of homework to do and starts thinking up unconvincing excuses 
The Brexit Trilemma (Explained In 1 Simple Chart)  
Brexit is meant to destroyTo divideTo put person against person Country against countryI will not allow that to happenI will not forget who I amWhere I came fromWhere I am going to.I am a British and EUROPEAN CITIZENIn my heart will forever remain so 
A wonderful day with friends and family marching against the madness that is Brexit .  Spot the Dame! #PeoplesVote 
Do you read foreign press? The national humiliation has already happened. The UK is a laughing stock. Our allies are bemused at what we're becoming.A reversal of #Brexit will be viewed as the country coming to its senses, regaining its pragmatism and rightful place in Europe.  
He resigned because he wasn't allowed to deliver BrExit. The REMOAN establishment blocked it. He's not "out of his depth". He's speaking for millions of us who fought and won a referendum to build better lives for ourselves outside the EUAre we a democracy or are we a colony?  
Once Theresa’s sorted out Brexit, I’d quite like her to make it mandatory for us all to wear sequin ears evvveerryyyday. Thanks May  @ Disney's Wilderness Lodge  
In there any realistic conservative leader who has a realistic Brexit plan? Including the PM? If they have, perhaps they could share it with us, if they haven't perhaps they could try to find someone who has NB no-deal isn't a plan but an admission of failure  
Civil servants are doing the EU's and Remainers' bidding by secretly PLOTTING a second referendum if May is unable to get any Brexit deal through ParliamentI would not be surprised if Olly Robbins and Theresa May are behind this BETRAYAL of democracy  
Dear Theresa, 700,000 people took to the streets yesterday to march for a #PeoplesVote. That's 100,000 for every person you're smiling with in this picture. When will you realise that Brexit no longer has a majority? Stop evading reality and do what's right!  
Bringing an ordinance to overturn a Supreme Court judgment, is to relinquish faith in judiciary and replace it with politicians' faith in the will of the aggrieved majority. It is de facto a Referendum.This country must decide what it prefers - Supreme Court, or Referendums. 
There is no sitting on the fence with this. I was born and grew up in this country and I’ll be damned if I sit idly by whilst a rabble of deluded nationalists manipulate the media and public to their vitriolic agenda. Brexit is an attack on our true cultural identity #endbrexit 
Simon Allison on why the @Conservatives obsession with #Brexit betrays everything the party has stood for. The party would do well to heed the fact that this has undermined our support base. The voices of a few activists cannot compensate for the loss of millions of voters.  
Pound could see a “big fall” if there's no Brexit deal, Bank of England official says  
.@Sandbach is a great hero! She will face down @Arron_banks (who thinks he can buy Brexit) and his pet deselection monkey @andywigmore 
After Brexit: check all non-uk vehicles & make them pay a tax on the border, like Switzerland do. At this “payage” barrier, random checks & APNR vehicle check.The EU has no problem with this in Switzerland, but having this in Ireland is terrible it seems  
The UK is open to extending the Brexit transition period in a bid to break the impasse in the negotiations  
Just now on the south bank watched a street performer drive off his entire audience by declaring support for a no deal, no new referendum, no extension, and no more immigrants because the island is full. Literally everyone walked away. #NoDealBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Please RETWEET and SHARE: #Petition: Break all ties with the corrupt #EU institutions and policies, lets leave the EU cesspool completely!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit @DCBMEP @andreajenkyns @BrexitStewart @BorisJohnson #Tory 
You lot have humiliated GB more than I conceived possible with your Brexit lies, cheating and utter lack of diplomatic skills.  You’re too weak to take responsibility & look that in the eye 
"You lost, get over it." No, I will not get over the criminal referendum. My children's future is not a fucking football result. 
An original paper on this is "The Economic Consequences of the Brexit Vote". They create a "doppelganger" UK, then compare how it performed compared to the real UK since 2016. It's such a good paper.  
Thank you Lord Strasburger, it's of vital importance that the authorities are seen to be upholding the law and electoral integrity. 
I agree. The referendum didn't have to be held in 2016 and certainly not shortly after assembly and local parliament elections in Northern Ireland and Scotland (may 2016) 
Economists tracking the impact of Brexit created a really interesting technique, that I'd never have thought of, and that I really like.They took the other countries in the G7 and said "what combination of these economies was the UK economy most like, up to 2016?" 
There's only one part of "the UK" whose vote in the EU referendum is being completely ignored:  
2 ladies pointing out the same #Brexit outcome...I still believe the insanity will STOP #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
I can be accused of bias because he’s a colleague and mate BUT I think @andrewrawnsley is on the money with this: another referendum is now down to MPs and it will get worse before it can get better. And the screenshot para re demographics is fascinating.  
Graham thinks you have to have wine to not like Corbyn. I’m having sweet tea currently and I still think Corbyn is rubbish. Anyone else? #WheresJeremyCorbyn #PeoplesVoteMarch no #lexit or #Brexit  
.@michaelgove how do you square the promises you made to British people living on the continent on 3rd June 2016 with what is now happening? Doesn't betraying the promises you made ahead of the Referendum invalidate the result?RT if you agree it does 
#Brexit will ensure an absolute tsunami of NO to YES in the build up to #Indyref2. I'll be ready to devote all my spare time to help secure a comprehensive YES vote when the official campaign begins. 
I love finally seeing the EU flag being flown in the UK with pride. I'm sad we had to wait until 2016 and the #Brexit vote for people to actually start expressing pro-European views. #FBPE 
It's always sex or death with this lot. Boris's conference speech was full of stuff about virility. Hard and soft Brexit. And god knows what 'backstop' denotes to boarding school boys. 
I had no idea about this. Jacob Rees-Mogg's father co-authored a book about how to make money on the back of economic disasters. Now his son wants Brexit at all costs. In terms of nefarious motives being out in the open, this is on par with SPECTRE having a newsletter.  
The pressure for the speaker, John Bercow, to step down is uncomfortable for many Labour MPs, who see him as an ally in the fight against Brexit 
For 40 years the UK has been at the very heart of the EU.The #Leavers precious #Brexit prize is within their grasp, yet they won't cede living within EU rules for a few more months to resolve the problem on the Irish border.A prime example of their utter stupidity. 
That’s pretty prejudiced Stephen. I’m not fighting for my finances or frankly any well off person who has a financial safety net but I am fighting for those who will struggle against the tide of Brexit that’s about to hit them. I wish I could say the same about the leave leaders.  
Poll shows majority of Brits believe EU leaders have not treated the UK with respect during Brexit negotiations  
Good. Critically important now @Keir_Starmer is that @UKLabour MP's clearly understand how Parliament is not limited to a binary choice between Tory deal and No-deal. It would be catastrophic for our Party if Labour MP's voted for a job destroying Tory Brexit out of ignorance.  
So even the Mail has twigged that there is NO cunning plan.  The Brexit sold to the UK during the referendum was always a fantasy.  Luckily the country has woken up to this folly and deceit in time to turn back from back from disaster.  Time for that #PeoplesVote 
As expected, for many, #peoplesvote march was a poorly-hidden opportunity to exercise their anti-Corbyn credentials. As ever, this occurs within the context of a Tory instigated Brexit, followed by their corrupt efforts to close down democracy. They really should be the target. 
All you get from #Brexiters these days is 'you lost' Never do they attempt to persuade, cajole or change minds by citing the benefits of #Brexit.Is it because they've forgotten or mislaid them? Or is it because they no full well there are no benefits? 
And they KNOW they're actively trying to hurt the country by pursuing Brexit. That's why when I mentioned this on the radio, life-long Brexiteer and Tory MP @JohnRedwood simply refused to reply to me.(And why he's now blocked me) 
Err nope he just lets him talk and like you the more you talk the more nutty and anti-democratic you sound - you 2 on the airways is priceless advertising for leave side - works a treat every time @campbellclaret #LosersVote Brexit is happening like it or not Ally Pally  
What we can learn from the Roman 'Brexit' 1500 years ago  #politics 
The question for @UKLabour is whether they honestly believe they can deliver a ‘jobs first customs union Brexit’ that doesn’t damage the economy. Or whether they want to give the people a vote on the @Conservatives crash & burn Brexit before trying to fix it themselves first. 
My map says all routes to my destination will cause me harm. Some roads are made of lava. Some have dragons... So when I say I'm taking the best possible route...The government's own analysis says all possible Brexits hurt the UK. "The best possible Brexit" means **** all!#Marr 
Makes me laugh how the media is trying to diminish 700 000 people marching for a people’s vote in London. Sky news called it a day of anti and pro Brexit rallies. The leave one had 1200 people attend in Harrogate. The BBC and papers have not given it the significance it deserves. 
She has a clear plan which she articulates she has a clear honest view regards peoples vote and she has clear and obvious principles. She is the only politician who comes out Brexit with any substance 
Farage told me on LBC that Cameron’s document sent to every voter before the 2016 referendum said ‘leave’ meant leaving the Customs Union & Single Market. It didn’t. This is a lie. It sums up why we need a people’s vote on the actual terms of Brexit, with the option to stay 
I admit it, when it comes to Brexit I have become thick-skinned. I had to. And I think Brexit will happen. But to hear this melody in London...makes me tear up. What a horrific mess.  
I support Brexit because I love the Great Britain and the values that I discovered years ago. It is the perfect place for me in many ways, history, culture, beauty of the land and so much more. I don't want the EU destroying that. 
Cameron opened a can of virulent worms # EURef and subsequent #Brexit.The EU is the issue that has riven the Tories for 40 yrs. & as the current contortions demonstrate - #Brexit will NOT heal those divisions.The EU has been the Nemesis of Tory leaders & will also *do* for May 
Yesterday, the UUP said the DUP is a threat to the Union.I’d tend to agree, for what it’s worth. Narrow politics always divides, rather than unites.Why, then, does the UUP mimic the DUP on all the big deadlock issues?- Brexit- Irish language- Dealing with the past 
I was profoundly shocked when we first learned Met Police was not investigating Leave campaigns. But this new revelation makes that so much worse. I am speechless.  Revealed: Met Police ignored Brexit campaign evidence for months  
UK rally calling for #Brexit re-vote draws 700,000 people, largest protest since Iraq war.  
WATCH IT AGAIN: Young people led the #PeoplesVoteMarch yesterday - it is young people who will have to live the longest with the consequences of Brexit and that's why they're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Gutted to speak with a friend today who's been working as a clinical psych in the UK for 18 years and is now leaving the UK because of brexit. That's now 9 of my colleagues in the last year.Our NHS cant afford to keep losing these amazing people.#IHateBrexit 
REMOANER TACTICS:"The referendum was only advisory.""We are not anti democratic, we live in a parliamentary democracy and we vote in MPs to make decisions.""The people should be allowed a final vote on the deal."I believe the word is #FlipFlop. 
Nigel Farage accidentally makes the case for a People's Vote on LBC | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European  
‘Brexit is like a Premier League side wanting to be relegated’Incidentally, last season, the top 6 teams in the Premier League were from places that voted Remain. The 3 teams relegated were from places that voted for Brexit.    
Alas @DominicRaab came late to the #brexit negotiations - but the written UK commitments made before he arrived still need to be honoured. This is the most basic test of credibility in international relations and, in this case, is one that will be watched far beyond EU shores.  
Brexit was NEVER about chucking foreigners out. There is a desire to have more control over borders but hard working people from the EU who have made our country their home are always welcome deal or no dealThe EU must reciprocate! #marr #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote 
Bono assumes his dosh makes him somehow important.He now wants to follow Geldof & rip us off, pretending he will help the 3rd world, when the cash raised never reaches there.Know what might help the 3rd world? A free UK, trading fairly with them.#Brexit 
Wow look at these numbers: 15,215,325 voted for parties promising a referendum  854,572 voted leave in Wales1,018,322 voted leave in Scotland 1,513,232 voted leave in London 17,410,742 voted leave in the UK26,807,460 voted for parties promising to respect the result.  
Watching a debate on French TV about #Brexit, the economic impact of a no-deal and the problem caused by the Irish border. What struck me was that the presenters had a better grasp of all of the nuances of the subjects than the UK PM and most in her cabinet. 
Europhiles: "Irresponsible Brexiteers are stirring get things up by implying there will be social unrest if the referendum is overturned."Also Europhiles: "Northern Ireland ... border ... bombs ... WAR!" 
I think there’s probably a remain and reform argument to be made. These three are utterly incapable of making it. The same is true of the big money organisations behind a second referendum.  
Pls spend extra time in Support of Freedom of #Biafrans facing torture, Killing on daily basis by oppressive govt for requesting Referendum to determine their future in a country that they’re not happy with, #StopBiafraKillings #SupportBiafraReferendum @realDonaldTrump @netanyahu 
I'm hearing gist that BMO is now prepping its volunteers to join the call for Biafra referendum. @toluogunlesi will be leading the conversation referencing UN stance on self-determination.ALL to ignite SE Voter's apathyNa just gist I hear o, it's not confirmed..don't quote me 
#Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab tells 'jittery' Tories: Hold your nerve  
Some of the world’s biggest banks are selling their stakes in the largest clearinghouse for interest-rate swaps, a sign London’s global dominance in derivatives is ending 
A gentle reminder that you bottled Brexit and now will bring the whole of Britain down like a hack magician who pulls  the crockery down with the tablecloth.  
It's weird times that we live in. That the leader of a separatists party is doing more to keep the UK together than the so called unionist. Also providing more effective opposition than official opposition. Even before the referendum  she preempted the issues facing PM May. 
hundreds of thousands of us did something incredible this weekend; we went on the biggest political march in the UK for 15 years, to protest Brexit and demand a #PeoplesVote. do catch up, my membership is hanging by a thread. 
We spoke for #The5Million. Most of us did not have a voice in the referendum, but were there to demand a #FinalSayForAll as Brexit will have a huge impact on our lives. We are the people too! @peoplesvote_uk 
"Let's get back to being the British Empire" - this leave voter at the #SaveBrexitRally explains why he doesn't want a #PeoplesVoteUp to 700,000 people marched for a second referendum - but will this have any sway on the course of Brexit? Read more here:  
Something very wrong going on with the potential criminal investigation into Vote Leave Thank you @carolecadwalla for following this up with @metpoliceuk#marr #Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Whether it be suppressing Catalonians, aiding Saudi Arabia's genocide in Yemen, arming fascist militias in Ukraine, or financing and supporting ISIS here in Syria, a great many Europeans seem to only respect "democracy", let alone morality, when it suits them. #Brexit 
But he can support one that decimates a whole range of other key economic sectors ( some more important to his own constituency) such as hospitality , agriculture , pharmaceuticals, food  and research and even areas such as health and social care .  #Brexit #hypocrisy 
I don't live in the #UK. I live in Syria. Regardless, many British people constantly dictate to me the superiority of their morality and, supposed, "democracy". Here's a question then - why should the result of a second #Brexit vote be honoured if you can't even honour the first? 
To confirm, UK Maternity pay is only 90% pay for the first 6 weeks then SMP at £145.18 p/w for the following 33 weeks, then 13 weeks completely unpaid. You are allowed 52 weeks off, but not 52 fully paid weeks off. This will only get worse once Brexit is implemented.  
I support @jon_trickett’s call for the Met police to properly investigate the evidence of wrongdoing in the EU referendum passed to them by the electoral commission. See: “London's Met police didn't bother to collect thousands of documents of evidence”    
Interestingly enough, whenever there's a pro-Brexit event, even more people decide to stay at home rather than standing up for the Brexit that Mr Bacon here is so certain they believe in.Which is probably why Nigel Farage recently found himself giving a speech to a dog  
Julia your love of the NHS is laudable, your reasoning for your voting in the EU referendum dubious. 3 Million more using NHS,translation services,NHS has paid out millions more to other EU health services compared to what it got back. 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon  
If anyone is aiding and abetting a Tory #Brexit, it's the politically toxic Alastair Campbell droning on about a 2nd referendum ad nauseam. If he's the best spokesman the #FBPE brigade have got, God help them. Corbyn is wise to keep as far away from that proven liar as possible. 
Andrew is right, there is momentum, now it's time to crank it up a gear, not sit back.Write to your MP if they're Labour or if not the prospective Labour candidate for your constituency and say you will ONLY vote for them, if they back a #PeoplesVote ! Write & RT#Brexit  
With a few hundred thousand people marching this weekend inLondon for a second referendum How did you vote in 2016 and how would you vote tomorrow?Please VOTE & RETWEET this poll 
Michelle Moan, so passionate about her job in the House of Lords, whilst Brexit looks to make the biggest impact to the UK since WW2, has *only* attended 19 days out of 157Yep, what a waste of public money, resign now! 
Brexit is like an operation with undefined benefits + many complications, but..."Picture this: You're still being wheeled into the operating theatre because somebody found a consent form you signed two years ago" - a great speech by @sarahwollaston yesterday.#InformedConsent 
Britain’s mistake was not to pre-negotiate a common Good Friday Agreement position with Ireland first thing in the Brexit process: a joint position on common event limited all-UK Customs Union backstop. Instead post-colonial disregard and amateurism allowed Barnier to define it. 
#UPDATE Britain's Brexit Secretary says Saudi Arabia's account of the death of dissident journalist Jamal #Khashoggi inside its Istanbul consulate was not 'credible' and the culprits must be 'held to account'  
This clip of Thatcher comes to mind any time I think about:- The Henry VIII powers debacle- Westminster ignoring the principle of 'everything which is not reserved is devolved'- Raab's recent bid to restrict amendments to any final Brexit withdrawal agreement  
The difference between an anti-Brexit and a pro-Brexit event in just 8 pictures  
Not good enough. The job of the Labour Party is to fight for the workers. Brexit will be a disaster for workers. Therefore morally Labour should have opposed Brexit all the way through.Difficult with a Brexiteer at the helm though. 
I’m a Labour member. A Labour voter for 40 years. I was at Conference when we overwhelmingly passed new policy REJECTING Tory BrexitI was also on #PeoplesVoteMarch with 700,000 othersYour tweet is ill-timed and electorally stupid 
Yes. The referendum revealed an impossibly divided nation. Every step May has taken since then seems to have been designed to make those divisions wider and deeper.  
Brexit minister Suella Braverman refuses THREE TIMES to say she'd vote to save Theresa May's leadership 
Brexiters are #RunningScared of a #PeoplesVote, because they know the majority will see through the lies and fantasies of 2016 and will kick their shitfest of a tax-dodgers' #Brexit into the dustbin reserved for delusional national projects. 
The Labour leadership's strategy of ignoring Brexit and talking about 1970s Chilean politics has clearly impressed the British voter  
Back the PM or not -  back Brexit or not - but tell the PM to “bring a noose” to a meeting of HER OWN MPs ?? And politicians claim they want to set an example 
In a Glasgow hairdressers, listening to a pensioner explain why #Brexit is great because of all the Pakistanis coming here with "suitcases of cash" after Pakistan independence, which Brexit will stop apparently. I really despair for this society. 
We're beginning to think that the DUP went into this whole Brexit thing without an actual plan. 
UK Labour don’t have a position on Brexit. Corbyn is not leading he’s MIA.  Folk don’t believe Corbyn would do a better job than May 
That’s me Tim. I voted remain in the referendum but now fully support Brexit. If we had another referendum I’d vote for Brexit in a heartbeat 
Would I be right in saying myself and the other 17,410,7421 people consider those marching as traitors for wanting to overturn the democratic result of the EU referendum. 
"There is a huge majority in Parliament that will not accept that the alternative to Theresa May's deal is a #NoDeal Brexit. And that majority WILL speak"Well said @Keir_Starmer It will be a relief when #BrexitShambles is over and we can move onto a GE or #PeoplesVote 
Almost 4,500 signatures now calling for a referendum on Irish Unity. Can we get 5,000? #UnityRef  
The Celtic Fringe seems to be such a burden to England ,it begs the question why don’t they just declare their own independence and go away and do their own isolation thing, no more Brexit withdrawal problems, why are they so clingy?They need to grow a pair  
Astonishing story; is it time for Cressida Dick at the @metpoliceuk and Lynne Owens at the @NCA_UK to issue a clarification statement to reassure the public that 'political sensitivities' and pressure from @sajidjavid aren't taking precedence over justice and electoral integrity? 
I no longer trust the Tories to deliver BrexitI DON'T trust Labour party, or the Liberals.I'd vote for  Ann Marie Waters, or UKIP, but they lack candidates.I'VE LOST FAITH AND DON'T TRUST THE 3 MAIN PARTIES ANYMOREDo U feel the same? 
Many people I speak to in the academic community are, like Billy, rethinking their position on independence. Facing a brutal #Brexit, with the accompaniment of the most dangerous xenophobia, people are now considering which union is most important to them.  
Hundreds of thousands protest in London, demand a ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit  
Nearly 3 yrs is plenty of time to organise the UK's departure. Shouldn't have allowed a situation where we pay £39bn to kick Brexit down the road with a transition period, much less extend it. Postponing decisions does not equate to making them. 
A national newspaper claims that the government is now exploring the option of a fresh Brexit referendum.  
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief  
Listened to a bit of Farage on LBC with @Andrew_Adonis Seemed a microcosm of the #Brexit debate: Adonis’s reasoned, calm facts shouted over by the boorish, fearful and ill-informed. 
Theresa May has done nothing to build consensus in parliament on Brexit, I can hardly believe that never once has an attempt been made to get MPs from across politics and the country sitting down and talking, really talking about how we get through this. 
With respect, division requires two factions (at least). Since Leave won the EU Referendum, it is Remainers who are dividing our country. Or are you saying that this protest for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit would somehow be supernaturally unifying? #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I am Spanish, I live in Britain and with my partner, who is British we support Brexit. 
David Davis, who just resigned after nearly two years of failing to negotiate Brexit, now wants to go to war with the EU.  
Civil servants ‘war-gaming a new Brexit referendum’ amid impasse fears.The public want a #PeoplesVote. And the people would now vote to #Remain.Let’s get on and do this. #StopBrexit. 
I am a professional optimist & a Labour loyalist! The frustrating thing is I know exactly how Labour should handle Opposition at this point - a radical ‘new deal’ on equality & jobs, + implacable opposition to a Brexit which is essentially ‘Thatcherism in one country’  
EU directive comes into effect 1 Jan 2019. Looking at these dates, It’s easy to buy into the talk that saving southern English Tories (UKIP) offshore fortunes from scrutiny was the overriding reason for the Brexit referendum and the rush for a deal or no deal Brexit in March.  
Biafra Today: Biafra: We solidly remain committed to self determination, Biafra referendum - IPOB  
See #BillyConnolly is changing his mind about Scottish Independence, mostly coz of Brexit. Good! He doesn’t have a vote but folk listen to him. That’s VERY important. Met him once when I was busking with my sis in Buchanan St. He came over to compliment us!  Nice man #IndyRef 
Second referendum only happens if (1) Conservatives think a Labour govt is imminent given the outcome of negotiations, & (2) situation arises where it’s only chance May has of staying as PM. Don’t get the attacks on Corbyn given (1) rests on perception Labour is govt in waiting 
When Brexit is written into binding words, they scream betrayal. When impractical ideas are rebuffed by a unified EU, they plunge into denial. When May hints at a concession, they turn rebellious.The Brexiters couldn't run a corner shop.#PeoplesVote 
I’m in London tomorrow and happy to raise your concerns there, as I have done since the referendum. I’ve also represented my constituents in Dublin and Brussels too as it’s equally important that they understand the impact on people in Fermanagh South Tyrone.  
Jordi Cuixart was arrested with Jordi Sanchez, president of the Catalan assembly, after the pair were filmed standing on top of a police car addressing demonstrators a few days before the referendum  
#Ridge - You previously said a #NoDealBrexit would be great... do you still think that is true? Suella Braverman(#brexit minister) - It will be something this country will be able to survive... it won't be a walk in the park.We've gone from sunlit uplands to survival #marr 
Yet another MP who demonstrates he knows nothing whatsoever about Brexit. The replies demolish his argument in a forensic, fact-backed way. Yet the fate of the UK's future is tied to people like him, and everyone else who sits in Parliament...  
Anyone who is not blocked by Kev (graph man) Hague, care to ask him why he's never done a graph on the economic impact of No-Deal Brexit on Scotland. I mean as he's sooo concerned about our economic well being. 
This is my dad, Brian. He’s 88. He lived through WW2 and helped rebuild this country. He knows the value of the #EU to the #UK and is  very angry about #Brexit Dad couldn’t make the march in London but here he is spreading the word in his nursing home near StratforduponAvon  
Andrew Adonis runs rings around Farage over #Brexit - LBC @LBC 
Overwhelmed with the turnout of yesterday's @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future - if you're feeling inspired, you can help #WriteThisWrong by heading to  to tell your MP why you want a say on the Brexit deal #PeoplesVote 
The origins of Brexit lie in New Labour's acquiescence to neoliberalism. The angst being articulated by the leaders of the #PeoplesVote is as much about their opposition to common sense socialism as it is about opposing Brexit.Read @philbc3's blog  
"The Brexit vote is a disaster and the breaking up of the togetherness of Europe is a crime bordering on a sin. I think the more people are together, not separate, the happier they will be. The most important thing for Scotland is to keep our contact with Europe." - B Connolly  
Excellent analysis. Brexit was always undeliverable on the terms on which it was sold. There’s no good Brexit - just varying levels of damage to jobs, businesses and communities.CBI should join calls for a #PeoplesVote - and campaign to #Remain. 
Here is @MichaelDHiggins campaigning against the citizenship referendum just fyi  
Tomorrow in the @UKHouseofLords at Question Time I will be asking @SirGeorgeYoung to agree the 2016 Referendum was flawed & corrupted & urging the Government to accept @peoplesvote_uk 
We don't want a "Soft Brexit", we don't want a "Hard Brexit", and we don't want a "No Deal". Because #NoBrexit is better than a #BadBrexit. Period. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit 
I don't.  But last time I checked, the People's Vote advocates were not asking for a referendum between no deal and Chequers.  The decision to leave has been taken already - if there is to be a new referendum, Remain cannot be on the ballot paper. 
Perhaps we shouldn’t worry about a second referendum. There’s scarcely time between now and March 29th to organise one. And if people vote against May’s deal (that she hasn’t even done yet) there’s certainly no time to renegotiate. So it’s still WTO terms on D-Day. 
I'm not really on today but just a quick 1 to the numerous brexit backers on my timeline that are saying #RemainerNow people at #PeoplesVoteMarch are fakes or more have switched the other wayIt's not true, but if you genuinely believe that, why are you so scared of a #FinalSay? 
A super thread comprehensively illustrating the utter inadequacy of Tory MP @CPhilpOfficial in any role in society that involves separating fact from fiction, let alone public office.#Brexit  
Lunch time reading - The Bourgeois Politics of the People's Vote March |  | As far as its leaders are concerned, it's not abour Brexit. #Marr #SocialistSunday 
Whether Theresa May is axed or limps on, all the government’s choices for leaving the EU are hopeless. Asking people if they still want #Brexit is the only sensible option. 
If Brexit can be thwarted then so too & just as easily can Scottish independence, or indeed a Labour Government. An odd sort of democracy 
No true believer in the #Labour party of @frankfieldteam can possibly claim to be passionate Remainers. The Labour that believes in the EU is the Labour of the luvvie, metropolitan, middle class. What happened to the party that put British workers first? #brexit  
There are understandable reservations aboot the call for a second referendum which should be articulated but for Labour to stay completely shtum as if the march never happened tells me what they really think. 
It doesn’t matter what side of the Brexit debate you’re on. This is just funny.  
Thank you for having #marr To have the opportunity to put the voices of young people at the forefront of the brexit debate!! Proud to be apart of our #FFS 
Britain is on the brink of a historic calamity. We must have a second referendum.  
Every MP in the country will have seen this, every one will know the scale of feeling. There's no better time for us all to engage with our local MP's with letters, mails and crucially at surgeries to discuss our feelings face to face.Brexit is not inevitable.#PeoplesVote 
David Icke exposes #EU conspiracy - and is immediately proved right by secret government document  #Brexit  
Dear rUK, those of you citing @NicolaSturgeon re #brexit you do know her @theSNP spent more money on a by election than they did on Remain. She's an opportunist and a Charlatan. 
Corbyn is the problem. A left wing, anti brexit Labour leader would romp it 
I do think, perversely, Labour benefits from this idea that a lot of pro-Europeans hold that their Brexit position is an act of foolishness which could end at any moment as opposed to a political and ideological calculation they are committed to. 
Brexit Explained  
As a person who only has Irish ancestry to the best of my knowledge,I absolutely reject the idea that nationality should only be tied up in blood/race.Id much prefer a boy who was born here and lived here all his life to get an Irish passport than a person trying to escape brexit 
Britain’s attitude to Ireland over #Brexit is sharply reminding the Irish what our problem with Britain always was - it sees Ireland as a vassal state.  It thinks it owns us.NEVER AGAIN!#BrexitShambles 
Voted Yes in 2014 in hope of a better future. I’ll vote Yes next time in fear of the horrendous future for Scotland within Tory Brexit UK 
Raab stating openly on #marr that Britain having any principles re Saudi "would cost thousands of British jobs."Weird. Because #Brexit already has, and that hasn't bothered your government a bit. So we KNOW that isn't the issue. 
checking in on brexit feels like that bit in harry potter where he opens the book and it just screams so he closes it and puts it away again 
Nigel Farage - "We don't need another referendum, it is clear what we voted for. We voted to leave the EU and all we are asking for is to leave the EU as quickly as possible."Just get on with it is the phrase I hear more than any other." #Brexit  
David Davis was an utter shambles as Brexit Secretary of State. The idea of him as the next PM getting the UK a good deal from the EU is frankly ridiculous, and the idea being taken seriously an example of the sad descent of UK politics 
Philip Hammond is under pressure to give people in Britain their reward for Brexit by slashing the cost of living with a cut in VAT.  
Bracingly true on the underlying cause of Brexit from @MkBlyth: 
You know who we don’t hear enough from? Genuinely.The silent majority of 2016 Remainers who voted in good conscience in the referendum but totally accept we had the debate, the decision has been made and we now need to leave the EU.I think #RemainForLeave should be a thing. 
If you want to Remain, but will vote for a Leave party, then you are telling the party that they can do whatever they like & they will still get your vote.This is true regardless of whether that vote happens before or after Brexit happens*.* If Brexit happens. 
Those leavers bleating on about how we must trust democracy in the wake of the referendum are oblivious to the referendum having been stolen by lies and dark money: a dismantling of the democracy they say they support. 
.... & there you have it folks.Keep voting until we get the results we want.They don't want a 'People's' Vote, they want a 'Only People Who Vote The Same Way As Me' vote & that's one reason why there won't be a second referendum.  It's a waste of time, money & energy.  
“Brexit is about a lying, cheating gang of rich bastards who will use any trick and cause any amount of suffering in order to slash their tax bills and tear up the health, safety, environmental and workplace regulations which eat into their profits.” (tweeted by @nickreeves9876) 
Also sick to the back teeth of British Nationalist unionists who are so "concerned" about the economic impact of independence on Scotland while ignoring the absolute devastation we're about to face in 5 months time due to Brexit.  
And those who backed the no vote in the Scottish referendum must share the blame as westminster would not have had the power to go ahead with the brexit vote without Scotlands resources! 
I'm regularly active and I marched in Birmingham at the Tory conference. I couldn't get to London as I'm trying to keep my business alive and have to work on Saturdays. Brexit is destroying my business. 
#socialistsundayBrexit stirring everyone up this week.Thankful to these people for sane views and steady principles:@Muqadaam@VerityJustice@ScottVhahaney@jpjanson@Scotscouser@hannahjoinson1@psreklaw_p@silverrich39@NAJ562@fussydolphin 
One of the people in this picture is a fanatical Blairite-Fabian Remainer who is determined to stop Brexit altogether, despite its having the largest democratic mandate in British political history.The other is Chuka Umunna.  
Brilliant ways to ruin your Sunday morning:1. Do your tax.2. Express an opinion about Brexit on Twitter.3. Find your cat has shat on the carpet. 
You know it's bad when the guy in charge of the Brexit omnishambles thinks you've done shoddy work  
53,000 responses.That’s not a ‘consultation’, that’s a referendum.A referendum on a tiny outnumbered and outgunned minority, where the bulk of populist opinions come from ignorance and cynical misdirection.  
It's about time we moved on from this Leave Vs. Remain debate. The British people voted to leave the EU in 2016 and now we need to see Brexit delivered in full. #Marr #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit 
In the latest Brexit crisis, experts warn that we now running out of hypothetical numbers of letters that might have been sent to the 1922 Committee. Journalists may be forced into a fight to the death over who gets to use the last remaining number.  
Lying or stupid: the Brexit game of psychological evaluation. Play every day. 
Oh dear! You appear to have missed the news. There was a march to stop the rise of fascism, preserve NI peace, protect workers rights, save our NHS & combat climate change. All in one march! Because #Brexit will affect all those issues. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit is the future. Remaining in the sclerotic EU is the past.  Yet inexplicably you & your wretched Remoaner chums  want to keep us subjugated by a hostile, undemocratic foreign bureaucracy.  This is a battle for the soul of Britain. Save it & Brexit or lose it & Remain.  
I am now obliged to recognise - based on the indignant responses to this tweet from both Leavers and Remainers, each furiously blaming the other* - that there is no possibility of a Brexit compromise. *and Twitter is, of course, the world 
Anyone who understands boundary issues in this country will tell you a referendum to reduce Counties will fail BIGLY.In fact, a referendum to INCREASE the number of counties and constituencies is more likely to succeed before this deluded campaign even picks up. 
Just seen a couple in 1st class quaffing champagne, eating whole legs of lamb & tossing the bones over their shoulders, going 'fwah fwah fwah'. wearing bollocks to brexit stickers. I ushered my blind Lancaster bomber mum away as we are salt of the earth. The whole train cheered. 
RPS President @ashsoni0607 says in today's Sunday Times that #pharmacists should be able to change a prescription in case of medicines shortages after #Brexit: 
The #thread of responses to the Tory MP #brexit claim is fantastic  
Please RT, it is crucial that those who never thought about implications for Northern Ireland when they voted in the #Brexit referendum realise what’s a stake #PeopesVote 
Great article by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg looking at how, despite the warnings of eurofederalists, corporate leaders and all the experts, Britain boomed after it finally escaped the ERM, and what this tells us about a clean WTO Brexit. 
We are very close to our freedom, #Biafrans have the right to exist & determine their future, #IPOB are formidable, self determination is our legitimate right, your Support For  Biafra Referendum is welcome,  #StopBiafraKillings #SupportBiafraExit @netanyahu @realDonaldTrump @vp 
Labour MP for Luton on BBC LookEast describes the economic impact on his already depressed town. AstraZeneca & Vauxhall have both pulled out investment & EasyJet has moved to Austria. He was on the march yesterday while his boss sent a message saying he'll sort jobs after Brexit. 
Quite simply at this point you either accept Labour leadership is pro Brexit in defiance of members and the public at large and work to challenge that or you keep kidding yourself Corbyn is a good man just crying out to join Remain.For all our sakes, make the right choice. 
A remarkable feature of #Brexit is the manner in which knowledge about #GFA & #Ireland has deepened across #Europe-many Europeans can’t get their heads around the risks U.K. us willing to take on this issue. 
What we really need is to stop citing Switzerland as evidence that technology can get rid of border infrastructure, particularly by MPs.That false claim should have been killed long ago.There are much more important and real issues confronting Brexit. #RedHerring 
We are raising money to start a campaign for a Yes vote in a second independence referendum. Help us!  
I’ve lost count of the times the UUP have had the opportunity to differentiate themselves from the DUP, and to reassert their relevance. They might be using some softer language, but when it comes to #Brexit and the main issues, where is the alternative vision? 
"We've had the 'Peoples Vote' and we won it"...#brexit  
All those on #peoplesvotemarch physically or in spirit join me in a vow:I will not vote in any election for a party which does not promise #peoplesvote #optiontoremain we can't let @conservatives @uklabour frontbench get away with forcing us into Brexit. 
Saying a 2nd Referendum would damage democracy ignores fact that 1st was affected by untruths, interference, apathy, ignorance 
Tories are so infatuated with #brexit Pipe dream &pretending Theresa May is Thatcher II, they can’t see the genuine modern-day Thatcher @Anna_Soubry. Meanwhile #labour are lost naval gazing in an elitist Marxist messiah pipe dream.We urgently need political realignment. 
Raab confirms that parliament meaningful vote is a binary -Accept the deal & leave.Reject the deal & leave.There's nothing meaningful about that & voting down the deal won't stop brexit. Slow or sudden death for the UK #Marr 
What a mess the Scottish Tories are in. Their MPs have voted for a hard Brexit all the way and they suddenly find it’s a disaster for the communities they represent. 
If Brexiters think the growing anti-Brexit pro-EU movement in the UK is ever going to go away, they're mistaken. Brexit is futile. There was no reason for it in the first place, but it has given us all a wonderful lesson in why our place in the EU matters. We'll stay, or be back! 
Anti-Brexit groups are running at least twice as many adverts as major Leave campaigns - possibly up to 59 times more.Yet the story you’ll read in most media outlets is about ‘dark’ Leave ads. Whatever fits the narrative of the Guardian classes, I guess?  
Support for second independence referendum growing at the roots in Cumbernauld and Kilsyth  
"We cannot allow Northern Ireland to be treated in any way differently from the rest of the UK" says @DominicRaab on #marrExcept of course if it concerns gay people who can't get married there because of your homophobic friends in the DUP whose votes you need for Brexit  ... 
Brexit supporter: "Let's get back to being a British Empire" 
We marched against the Iraq War.We marched against austerity and the tripling of tuition fees.We don't forget about this when we march for a #PeoplesVote.Move over, Tony Blair and Nick Clegg - here comes the Left Against Brexit.  
Marching yesterday was an amazing experience. What lovely, intelligent, thoughtful & empathetic people Remainers are. I'm so proud to be part of this movement. Together we'll turn this Brexit nightmare around. The momentum is with us #StopBrexit 
Brexit  
Someone explain how Corbyn's remark, reported here, squares with over 80% of Labour supporters not wanting Brexit? Anyone?  
So remain run twice as many adverts as leave, spent a third more during the campaign, had interventions from foreign state leaders, yet apparently the referendum was illegal because the leave side used the gross figure not the net on the side of a bus  
German Justice Minister Katarina Barley has called for another EU referendum in UK. She said at the time of the vote few leavers or remainers had a clear idea about what #Brexit meant. Barley, who is also a British citizen, said it would be *fair* to ask the country to vote again 
Brexit stramash. 
Civil servants start planning for a second referendum "just in case".Now the possibility is officially out there, get your MP to support it. 
On #marr @DominicRaab states "we are open to ideas" to end the #Brexit impasse over the @BorderIrish Presumably because he doesn’t have any of his own? 
A troll writes 'I won't support a @peoplesvote_uk because you attack Corbyn.' Guys: Corbyn is a May supporter on Brexit. He's spiking Labour's chances. Support Labour by sacking Corbyn. Re human rights: I didn't see you while at the HRC at Geneva over the years; were you hiding? 
Labour's #Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer insists "no options ruled out" on "people's vote" on final dealRead more:  #marr 
The betrayal of #Brexit at the behest of the bourgeois on their walk yesterday would risk social peace in this country. 
Raab sets a new deadline for a Brexit deal - must be done in a month: "We need to have done it by mid to end of November". Otherwise, not enough time to ratify it #Marr 
I despise #Brexit and what it will do to my country, but i despise the tories even more, Brexit is their shitshow, they brought it on us, they own it lock, stock and barrel, it will be their undoing, so let us at least rejoice at that #Marr #Ridge #SocialistSunday #StopBrexit 
This picture of Andrew Adonis is pretty ugly too - surely children should be kept away from foul language like this? Important to #respect the First #PeoplesVote for #Brexit, too @wallaceme @GuidoFawkes 
You couldn't make it up, #brexit secretary Dominic Raab just admitted on live TV, #marr that extending transition period means paying more money into EU budget (without having a say) - completely crazy idea and why more people want a #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
Completely understandable that Brexit supporters read my Caine tweets and somehow think it’s the real Michael Caine.  
Imagine if there were a march demanding a re-run of a General Election. It would be inconceivable and absurd:  #Brexit #PeoplesMarchVote 
If I see that Brexit sign slagging off Geri Halliwell's solo career again I s2g. Look At Me! Mi Chico Latino! Bag It Up! Have some respect. 
“Little appetite” for people’s vote outside London says  ⁦@thesundaytimes⁩. Patronising and an insult to the hundreds of thousands who travelled to London yesterday to join #PeoplesVoteMarchThe people have spoken: May needs to march on to Brexit 
Dominic Raab saying "we are open to ideas" to end the brexit impasse over the Irish border....but you clearly haven't got any yourself then? #marr 
Remoaners last week jumped on a report last week that said UK citizens COULD need a visa to visit France. Sensible people knew this to be more Project Fear nonsense. It's wonderful to see another Brexit scare story trashed.#marr #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Can I point out that post Brexit there is NO Irish border. It is then the EU border. And it is up to the EU to sort it out. If they want to destroy the Irish economy with a hard border let them get on with it! #Marr 
Dominic Raab CV2011: Called for "total opt-out" of EU law that protects workers' rights2012: Branded UK workers "worst idlers in the world"2015: Voted for Trade Union Act2018: Put in charge of #BrexitDo you trust him to get us the best deal? #marr 
'Almost everyone who has a say in Brexit belongs to the British establishment, meaning they went to an outrageously expensive private school and completed their studies at Cambridge or Oxford. . .  What in the name of God do they learn there?' 
Here's a cold shower for you. A German writer unloads his contempt about Brexit. (With thanks to @CarlEveCrime ) 
"Young people aren't apathetic towards politics anymore & they're demanding a People's Vote"WATCH: NUS President @ShakiraSweet1 addressed our #PeoplesVoteMarch of 700,000 yesterday & tells #Marr why so many young people want a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Keir Starmer just gave the perfect answer to 'Let's all just be patriotic and back Brexit'#Marr 
I remember this contribution well in EU Parl. It was a time when many of us looked to British leadership and vision to help shape an optimistic and ambitious future TOGETHER for an enlarged EU. We need UK leadership again today to keep the EU and UK close post #Brexit  
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  You’re ignoring the powerful wishes & conference votes of your own members on Brexit then have the rank hypocracy to suggest you are for the many.Get lost. 
I have just clicked what # GTTO is all about and can only conclude that it will suffer the same fate as # PCPEU. I think the country would vote @UKLabour in the biggest landslide in history were it not for Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn and his deluded vision of #Brexit. 
#marr Keir Starmer says 700k on the #PeoplesVoteMarch is a very significant number & reflects an even more significant number of people who are completely frustrated with the way Brexit is going. 
1. Brexit has already turned our country into a national humiliation. The rest of the world is watching incredulously as our negotiators can’t even make up their own minds what they want.2. We already are self-governing. We make our own laws. We have our own Supreme Court. 
We did have another referendum @Jacob_Rees_Mogg - in the seventies.  And the British people pledged their full support for the EU.  The opinion poll two and a half years ago was fraudulent.  The people have a right to vote on what is now being offered to them. #PeoplesVote 
People who equate Jeremy Corbyn with fascist dictators and appeasers of same do no more than demonstrate the idocy of their analysis. By all means criticise his reasoning on Brexit if you disagree with it, but ad hominem attacks of this sort display a distinct lack of insight. 
I was also on that train. I was wearing a crown, carrying the cane with a diamond on the end, and lighting cigars with expensive paintings while laughing about Brexit being bad. 
#marr Keir Starmer says whatever form Brexit takes, it will not stop the war in the Tory Party about Europe. He's right. The Tory Party is poisoning this country. 
When I meet Leavers who say they are fed up with brexit and are planning on moving to Spain, I know they didn’t know what they were voting for. #PeoplesVote #Marr 
#Brexit: ‘The ball is in London’s court’French Europe Minister @NathalieLoiseau says UK must break the deadlock over the Irish borderRead more:  #marr 
'Hard' Brexit Minister Dominic Raab wants to scrap worker's rights. He 'has long harboured ambitions to slash vital workplace protections' and called for an abolition of laws that limit how long employees can be forced to work for each week... #StopBrexit #marr #ridge 
"what will happen if a similar case comes up next week with another child? And what would the government do if a hundred or even a thousand children facing deportation asked to remain in this country?”Who’s born here belongs here - we need a new referendum on citizenship x  
Current commentary on #Brexit the language is telling: Battle of Britain, Churchill, Dunkirk Spirit, Theresa May in the Killing Zone. And all from people who have never experienced War. Meanwhile #InvictusGames2018 - ask those men& women. about War. 
Oh look - Keir Starmer on #BBC - AGAIN #Marr Yawns. Labour has even less credibility on Brexit than Theresa May, and she has none whatsoever. 
Boss of jaguar land rover warns #brexit could kill entire industries but obviously some #Brexist fuckwit with no knowledge of manufacturing will claim it's all scaremongering and #projectfear 
Frank Field says its a myth Labour was always pro-EU. Every time he has voted against the EU there were two men always there with him: Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonell. #Brexit  
Hard Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief. He’s quite right and I’ve been saying this for 2 years.  
Prisons are overcrowded they say so why not have some public executions to sort it out? People are a bit tired of all the Brexit news so it could bring the country together and save some money. Hang some drug dealers outside football grounds before kick off. I'd watch. 
Inspiring time with @HackneyLabour comrades on #PeoplesVoteMarch yesterday. Standing up for our 40,000 EU nationals, all those in Hackney who voted #Remain & those who've had enough of this shambles of a #Brexit whether they voted for #Leave or #Remain no one voted to be poorer. 
For anyone hero-worshiping Anna Soubry's involvement in the #PeoplesVoteMarch remember, she:Voted against 2nd Referendum in Dec 2017Voted in line with Jacob Rees-Mogg 94% of the timeDescribed EU as an "overly costly, bureaucratic org lacking democracy & accountability"#Marr 
Tory civil war, Tories when in power always puts themselves first &  devide the country. #BrexitShambles #brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch #marr 
Write to your MP! Write to explain why you cannot accept a referendum based on lies, propaganda and proven criminal activity. Write to explain why you cannot accept a Brexit that looks nothing like the one promised.  
Violent dehumanising language of “lame cockroach” & “bring her own noose” to describe the PM by former Cabinet Minister deeply concerning. Brexit is corrupting the norms of public decency & public life. 
Knowing that the advisory (it *was*- BP 07212/2915) referendum was "won" by (proven) criminal cheating, and by repeating the party line "We respect the result", it's obvious that @UKLabour priorities aren't for the good of the of the UK.#WithdrawA50 
Interviews with remainers from yesterday very interesting. Q. Do you think if there was another referendum and you lost that another one would be called for ?  A. Of course, brexit is wrong.Q. WhyA, Too many reasonsQ. Just give me one.A. F**k offDear God above. . . ! 
BBC is right we need to challenge Bannon but they forget their role in promoting him. This is what happened with Farage when they pretended he would be challenged. Instead he became their darling and we got Brexit. Inviting him as a key influencer for the BBC is normalising him.  
From today’s Herald. There are ways out of brexit, they all involve extending the negotiations.  
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief  
Meanwhile at St George’s Market #Belfast #Brexit #BrexShambles #northernireland #IrishBorder 
New Solids - The Bourgeois Politics of the People's Vote March |  | As far as its leaders are concerned, it's not abour Brexit. #Marr #SocialistSunday 
Why are the Brexit politicians so worried about the people getting to vote on whether they like Theresa May's final deal or whether they want to stay in the EU? They keep saying the "will of the people" is to Leave. If that's true, what is there for them to worry about? 
Looks like you don't respect democracy.  Shameful Mayor has London !!Brexit was voted in 2016 and we democratically won the referendum.... you are a bad example for the future generations.#LearnToRespectResults 
"We need to lobby our MPs to overturn a democratic vote for #Brexit, because we don't like it and we should stick with the rigged vote 40+ years ago which LIED about joining an EEC"...... Bloody remainer logic! #marr #marrshow 
Madness: there is & never has been ANY reason for Brexit. #PeoplesVote “Firms to launch Brexit contingency plans before Christmas” - Sky News  
Victims of IRA violence accuse Taoiseach of hyping up hard border violence after Brexit. @campaignforleo comments are a ‘shame and a disgrace’. 
Today’s Nadine Dorries Award for weapons grade Brexit ignorance has been awarded early.  
John Major describes Brexit as a "colossal misjudgment" and warns those who "deceived" voters will never be forgiven  
Brexit is awful. The Leave campaign were industrial liars and I’m terrified about the impact on jobs + economy. But I see the pictures of yesterday’s march and see a group of pretty well-off folk who could afford a trip to London. You’re still talking to the same people. 
Unionism complain, when we mention changing demographics to voting for a UI. They call it a sectarian headcount. Now tell me, how was the 6 counties carved out in the first place? #Brexit #Think32 #UnitedIreland 
We're not just fighting to stop #Brexit. We're combating the hideous idea that a referendum result constitutes a ban on all further democratic discourse on a subject, a vote to staunch votes, a voice to stifle voices, even when circumstances change critically. #PeoplesVote 
My Twitter account gets put in the Brexit Time Capsule in the new @RemainiacsCast podcast. It’s right at the end, about nine hours in, because these Remainiacs do love to yack on about what a pile of  Brexit is, and I love listening to them doing that. Thank you @NinaDSchick 
UK politics is no longer Labour vs Conservative. It's Brexit vs #remain. It's time we all get used to that. 
Who cares? Is “party unity” more important than the country, it’s economy, it’s future, it’s young, Europe, the world? “A party at war: could Brexit split spell end of the Tories?” ⁦@guardian⁩.I hope it is their end: we need new politics. 
This week's Sunday Times cartoon #Brexit #TheresaMay #Raab 
I’m standing up for Londoners by backing a public vote on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVote 
WATCH & RETWEET what really happened at the #peoplesvotemarch#Brexit 
Really?  People’s Vote March is low down running order on #Marr - looks like he is doing his BBC best to ignore anyone who opposes #Brexit. 
Almost 700,000 march to demand ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit deal. Huge London demonstration was largest since the protest against the Iraq war in 2003. #peoplesvotemarch 
TIM MONTGOMERIE: Cancelling Brexit will be a disaster  via @MailOnline 
More fake news. This relates to the crony corporatists in the CBI which has been consistently pro EU anti Brexit!  
Has yesterday's march strengthened the case for a second referendum? @Andrew_Adonis joins @Nigel_Farage #FarageOnLBC 
Me for The Mail on Sunday: Both Leave nor Remain - all of us - would lose from the fallout of a second referendum  
Hello labour press team. Are you stuck in a bunker? You obviously didn’t see over 700,000 people marched in London yesterday to demand a say on the deal. #brexit breaks Britain, threatens the Union and shafts the poor. There is NO jobs first Brexit. Stop lying. #peoplesvote 
'More than 700,000 protesters' call for second referendum on Brexit  
Ambiguity over what the Brexit deal might be has pushed investors to protect themselves against—or make money from—further falls in sterling  
I am concerned that yesterday’s march for a second referendum will damage this country’s reputation. I am currently negotiating free trade deals with countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the Philippines. What will they think?! 
This Tory MP has a first class bachelor's degree in physics from Oxford and a master's degree in theoretical quantum mechanics. Yet he is embarrassingly exposed in this thread on the complexities of #Brexit. 1/2  
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief  
WATCH IT AGAIN: @NicolaSturgeon's brilliant address to our #PeoplesVote rally yesterday, packed with over 700,000 protesters demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Whitehall is making plans for a new referendum. A referendum bill has been drawn up by a cross-party Parliamentary group. The people of the UK want it. Brexit is impossible. Attempts to make some sort of Brexit happen will drag on for years. #PeoplesVote NOW & the nightmare ends! 
Britain needs the backbone of Thatcher to deal with these EU bully boys  #Brexit 
I hate Brexit!!! I despise it, it’s been a Tory tool for power, it’s shock doctrine capitalism as crisis, we need to get rid of the Tories #ridge #marr 
Of course the attendees of Corbyn rallies and Brexit marches aren’t representative of the British public at large, but they are representative of the political forces that could decide the next general election. 
"We're in this mess because David Cameron abdicated responsibility of leadership and put out a referendum," says the self-righteous Alastair Campbell. the referendum was not a unilateral decision, but a manifesto pledge that the Tories won a majority on the back of. #Ridge 
The problem here, Chris, is that you supported Remain, but are now doing your best to uphold the principles of the “will of the people”. All very honourable, but it has exposed you as completely clueless on the complexities of #Brexit. Wake up & help rescue our country 
Brexit is like a Premier League side wanting to be relegated | William Keegan  
At least more than half of the county assemblies must endorse a referendum issue for it to move to the next step and yet people believe a referendum proposal to reduce number of counties will see the light of day  
It’s clear from the 700K #PeoplesVoteMarch that there is little grassroots support for Brexit - it’s all smoke, mirrors and trollbots.The ‘Leave means Leave’ protest at Downing St in the week mustered 11 people.Farage’s Harrogate Empire-fest got 1200.The tide has turned. 
Alastair Campbell - "Tories so chaotic/incompetent, the idea of trusting them to negotiate these serious decisions is absurd" #Brexit #Ridge 
'This is not a time for divisive decisions'. The amazing @SholaMos1 tells crowds of women at our rally that any decision on Brexit must be made by the people, for the people. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
READ: "I want to tell my grandkids that at least I tried" - People from across the UK joined us yesterday at the #PeoplesVoteMarch to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
A party at war: could Brexit split spell end of the Tories?  
“Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief” : = Project Reality the Leave camp try and push under the carpet. They will then blame everyone else except themselves when it happens  
.@campbellclaret says he believes there are "an awful lot of leavers" who do not believe in the government's Brexit plans #Ridge 
Interference in UK after we leave the EU is completely unacceptable we voted to bring control back to UK. EU 'wants to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit'  via @MailOnline 
Lord (Peter) Hennessy: "A second vote on Brexit is dangerously condescending. It says 'vote again and get it right this time'. It is not going to happen". 
So what's the deal with the UK? They hold a referendum and the majority vote for leave and because they don't like the result they wanna hold another vote. That's not how any of this is supposed to work. 
Tom: the referendum was advisory We went to court and proved that parliament didn’t made the decision to leave. The PM did it as an executive actThat’s chicanery, damages parliamentary democracyWe can’t honour that. the close close close vote was a cheat @UKEUchallenge too 
#PeoplesVoteMarch : Take Back Control! Let the people decide! Pro-Brexit or anti-Brexit, we all deserve a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. As part of the EU, Britain can better stop climate change, corporate tax evasion, pollution & consumer rip-offs @peoplesvote_uk 
What is #Ridge’s agenda?First-up Suella B who laughably tells us on behalf of HM Gvt that Brexit is going well.Then, rather than congratulating @campbellclaret on the turnout at yesterday’s march, she accuses 700,000 marchers of being smug and self satisfied.Not impressed. 
Today on #Marr for the Tories is Brexit Minister @DominicRaab. He doesn't like disabled people, women and spoke up for press freedom, until the press went for him. He blocked me when I sent him this, for some reason. 
Tory Brexit Minister Dominic Raab was a member of a Facebook group, The Ultras, that stated 'selling off council housing, ending free healthcare, and bringing back workhouses for debtors are policies that "have found their time to enter Britain'. The Brexit Minister! #marr #ridge 
If a majority voted to restrict the movement of Jews, should we accept it?No right minded person would say yes.Now change the word Jews for UK Citizens.Some principles are beyond a ballot.#peoplesvote #brexit #fbpe 
Almost 700,000 march to demand ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit deal  
Close to 700,000 on the streets of London yesterday. Remain with a clear lead in the latest polls. Civil servants wargaming a #PeoplesVote referendum. Brexit is on the ropes. 
"David Cameron doesn’t want to talk about it, one of his friends tells me. 'He doesn’t defend the referendum but won’t say he made a mistake either. Europe is like a family scandal. We know what’s happened but we don’t say a word: it’s his no-go zone.” Absolute colostomy of a man 
Very true George. The idea that the whole country would roll behind HMG's hardBrexit agenda was never going to fly in my view. A softest Brexit might have persuaded me but not one with May's inflexible redlines out of everything EU then hope to cherrypick back into the best stuff  
Sadiq Khan, 2018 to do list.Deal with acid attacks? Deal with shootings and stabbings? Deal with festering Jihad? Deal with FGM? Ban Beach Body ready ads?Protest Brexit? What an absolute Khan(T) 
Over half a million people were on the #PeoplesVoteMarch  demonstrating their support for the EU.And all this demonstrable support for the EU is thanks to #Brexiters. Without them hijacking an advisory referendum the world would never have known just how pro-EU the UK really is 
Yes @campbellclaret, #Brexit was very different from the Iraq issue.We're not telling lies that will lead to a million deaths, or leaving prominent scientists lying dead in the woods.You are literally trash.#Ridge 
As @MarinaHyde observed the other day, Brexit really has messed with a lot of people’s moral compass  
That's not Brexit. No Deal. Let's get #OutNow #ForTheNation  
Had Mr Corbyn have marched yesterday, it would have been interesting to ask him about his ‘jobs first Brexit.’ 
As Nick is believed to be a Brexiteer this is an important and revealing tweet and could this be first sign of evidence the BBC is trying to be more objective in its Brexit reporting?  
#Brexit: Scottish Green Party formally back #PeoplesVote campaign 
bearing in mind that one of the major issues behind the brexit vote was the perception of an out of touch, smug middle class, self-satisfied and blind to their neighbours' suffering, maybe the twee punning march signs aren't all *that* amazing 
Hard brexit, please.  
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon.Marches this big tend not to be on the wrong side of history.Write to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote on Brexit where they #CampaignToRemain. 
What a triumph! Almost 700,000 people demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the future. This is Europe!We've turned the tide!  
Mrs. May's plan to keep the UK in the Single Market and Customs Union until December 2021 at the earliest is an absolute betrayal of Brexit. It is clear now that the establishment wants to overturn the democratic will of the British people.  
DAVID DAVIS: ‘We're throwing away a golden opportunity’ but the Government is treating Brexit as a problem to be minimised rather than building  on the benefits. Davis slams Theresa May for trying to extend Brexit transition by another year. via @MailOnline 
Brexit Minister @SuellaBraverman says now is not the time to panic and insists "progress is actually going very well on our Brexit negotiations" #Ridge 
Are you more worried about Brexit, or a Corbyn government? @AndrewCastle63 | #Brexit 
Brexit minister Suella Braverman, who previously said no-deal would be great, is currently claiming that the Brexit negotiations are going well.... 
Do you see how Buhari people are celebrating the point that Kanu allegedly is insisting on self-determination and referendum? Same people that almost killed him and killed 100s for the same reason? These guys are only looking out for themselves and not Nigeria. 
politician says politicians cant be trusted.As for should the British public have the final say on brexit?We did it... It was on the 23rd of June 2016  
An italian friend called me after seeing the march on TV "You're leaving, but obviously no one wants to leave...." it has become so obvious now that brexit is so 2016. There's no will for it. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Will people asking Jeremy to comment on Brexit PLEASE just let him get on with his important work campaigning against South American dictators of the 1970s.  
There’s a fundamental misunderstanding abroad, especially in the British chatterati.  If/when there is a Brexit deal it will be ‘take it or leave it’. Merkel, Macron, Tusk etc will line up to say ‘this is it’ 
BREXIT SELLOUT: May plotting EU 'stitch-up' warns Boris - No deal rebels will be STOPPED  
During the empire period most Brits living in the U.K. lived in abject poverty toiling in factories & mines etc. The only people who benefited from the empire were the rich... much the same as Brexit. 
Our new survey published today shows that 8 in 10 firms say #Brexit has had a negative effect on their #investment decisions, while the majority will implement their contingency plans by December, if there is no further certainty. Read the survey here 
Brilliant.Sums up the pointless people vote nonsense completely, they just wanted a day out to be fair I reckon. Crack on with Brexit I say.  
Are there many Leave supporters campaigning for a second referendum? #askingforafriend 
You're ALL invited to my Big Brexit Knees Up on March 29th.Bring a sense of humour.  
12/12... it's all about vision now: what kind of Britain do we want that heals the Brexit divide & allows U.K. to become a magnet for tech, skills, culture, research? Tories are out of answers, for sure. ENDS 
Wrong wrong wrong. All the counter demos have been flops. The noise is an online echo-chamber. Most Leave voters would shrug, many would be quietly relieved. First party to cancel Brexit wins the next election. Get on with it. 
"Civil servants have reportedly begun contingency planning for a second #Brexit referendum amid fears #TheresaMay is unable to get parliament to back a deal." 
Corbyn has made the wrong call over Brexit. He hasn't distanced Labour enough from the Tories. He's now seen as a collaborator to their Brexit. He was warned to let them own Brexit, but ignored that advice. His choice but Labour will suffer. 
Funny it needs to be pointed out:... that vast majority of Left are opposed to Brexit. ... that Lexiters are the odd ones out.... that there's nothing unusual about the Left opposing something supported by UKIP, right-wing of the Tory Party, the BNP, UKIP and the Daily Mail. 
“Companies will disappear, plants will be closed. There’s no way to survive a hard Brexit” - Ralf Speth, CEO, Jaguar Land Rover  
Up to 700,000 people marched for a second referendum - but will this have any sway on the course of Brexit?  
We've marched against #austerity a few times in London over the last few yrs..#austerity the very thing that caused #Brexit in the first place, forgotten communities etc..@Anna_Soubry where were you then? We've marched in favour of the #NHS. Where were you then? 
10/ More likely DD takes over, tries to sign Canada+ deal, gets Tusk/Juncker to sell it (they will if NI in CU). Meanwhile... our country goes to shit & civil society v scratchy... hence everything must be done to stop hard Brexit... 
Jeremy Corbyn represents an alternative to the failed neoliberal/neocon political consensus that led to #Brexit. Alastair Campbell, Chuka Umunna, Anna Soubry and Vince Cable represent the neoliberal/neocon status quo. Why the hell would Corbyn have anything to do with them? #Marr 
Hundreds of thousands march in London asking for a new referendum on EU membership. It’s still unlikely, but the pressure is obviously increasing.  
Theresa May's Brexit strategy has fallen apart  >  Mail On Sunday  >   
Feeling re-energised after the #PeoplesVoteMarchTo the man who sneered at me to get a life, well...I already have one...& I want the next generation to have the same privilege I've had of living in a peaceful & prosperous country. Brexit destroys that.#NottPeoplesVote 
Well they've got one thing right.... We are ALL losers from #Brexit...  I mean I find this whole Ad campaign slightly odd, do they not realise we are campinging for a vote for EVERYONE not just Remainers? They are People too, so they are calling themselves losers...   
9/ What next? Tory meltdown for sure. 50+ Tory centrists to support PV amendment? If they do, Labour has to support it in the national interest - to stop the hard Brexit shock doctrine of Fox, Mogg, McVey, Mordor etc... 
I thought this was marvellous when I saw it on BBC Breakfast news on Saturday morning. If people like him, and the ones speaking at the rally, had been running the campaign against the Brexiters lies during the referendum we wouldn’t be in the catastrophic mess we are now in.  
Blaming Jeremy Corbyn for #Brexit is like blaming Susan Sarandon for Donald Trump. Brexit and Trump are the symptoms. 40yrs of uninterrupted neoliberal/neocon policies are the cause. Corbyn and Bernie Sanders are the cure. It certainly ain't Chuka Umunna or Hillary Clinton. 
7/ A warning. If 17m voters see Brexit overturned + blame the socio-economic group dominant yesterday we will see marches 2x that big and they will be a lot less pleasant. .. 
Just 18% of LAB voters say Brexit "right" in latest YouGov tracker  
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief How many times must they spell it out? 
This sums up the remoaners. No wonder they're so confused about brexit @LBC #marr 
5/ I continue to support Labour leadership position: no confidence, election, soft Brexit deal - but yesterday shows why that would need a second ratification referendum. We need to settle UK/EU relations for a generation... 
An utter abdication of responsibility, a  total failure to listen, by an utter shit show of an opposition. Corbynites will claim “but he’s not in power, what can Labour do?”. I’ll tell you what Labour can do? THEIR FUCKING JOBS. OPPOSE BREXIT. LEAD US OUT OF THIS NIGHTMARE. 
BILLY CONNOLLY U-TURN ON INDEPENDENCE Billy Connolly has revealed that he now believes Scottish independence “may just be the way to go”.Billy says the UK’s decision to vote for Brexit, against Scotland’s wishes, has made him reassess  
Imagine the scenes if yesterday, Jeremy Corbyn had stood upon the stage and said “We will deliver you a Second referendum will an option to remain” - how high would Labour have jumped in the polls? Instead we have the Labour front bench *hiding* from Twitter 
#Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief  
LILLEY For the statistical duplicity in the Chequers Brexit plan, heads should roll Ministers were misled at the Chequers summit about May's customs plan, as "no country would enter a free trade deal with us" were it to be adopted via @Telegraph 
And like all fascist language an immense and blatant fraud : Bannon has regularly been funded by an ultra rich elite who want  an ever more privileged existence.  Bannon helps by pursuing far right policies that dismantle rights & protections for ordinary citizens - like #Brexit  
Congratulations to >700k ppl who marched yesterday. It will make a difference, even if there is no 2nd referendum. Here's how: 1/ May is finished... 
Brexit : "Les citoyens britanniques ont le droit d’exiger un vote sur l'accord final avec l'UE"As thousands marched in London, @SebDance @catherinemep and myself wrote in a French paper, helping keep support for our continued membership alive in France 
The big headline:80% of firms say Brexit has meant they've cancelled or delayed investments.This time last year it was 36-40%. That's a HUGE spike. And it's because it's not just pre-referendum plans shelved, but the UK being left out when new decisions are being made (2/) 
Let's put the #PeoplesVoteMarch and Raab's no deal backstop comments in the context of the economy. Because today the @cbitweets quantifies the impact of Brexit uncertainty and the risk of a cliff edge in a new survey. And it's a big deal. Buckle up (1/) 
Nicely put! Bravo to all who gave up their Saturday to show the world that Brexit is not “the will of the people” and that we care about our country too much to allow Mrs May to trash our future. She does not have a mandate to do that! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
“The Brexiteers are just jihadis — they just want to be out. They don’t care what the damage is to the rest to us.”                      Me and ⁦@TomStub⁩ spoke to some very pissed off business leaders about the state of Brexit talks  
Why is Theresa May calling for an extension to the transition period?My theoryShe is unwilling and unable to deliver Brexit, so by stringing out the Brexit process she is hoping to extend her PremiershipCareer before country - at the cost of billions to British taxpayers 
Negative coverage of Brexit has lifted support for the EU in Sweden, survey suggests  
A Second Referendum is a one-way ticket to permanent chaos.Given the behaviour of hardline Remainers since 2016, we know whichever side loses won’t accept the result. The country would basically have lost its ability to make democratic decisions. It’s a really bad idea.  
Great pic explaining Brexit!  
Jobs will be lost and work moved from the UK unless a Brexit withdrawal agreement is reached by December, a business leader is warning. @AndrewCastle63  asks: How are you going to be affected by a No-Deal Brexit?  
why do people post this stuff while I am peeling Onions ;-)1. went from reading the news flat seeing nuke treaties walked away from, continents ripping themselves apart in brexit from, nothing but suicides, car accidents, journalists being hacked to death..2. to this, yay ;-)  
You can be BOTH a Labour voter... AND completely opposed to Brexit.Shame there are a lot of folks shitting on a gathering of 700,000+ people whilst enjoying their own Tony Benn/Lexit wank fantasies.Sort yourselves out. 
A government competent enough to deliver Brexit wouldn’t go through with it. 
Preference for...A no deal Brexit: 38%A second referendum: 43%via @YouGovh/t 
Dominic Raab has said the government will “pull every lever we've got” to ease business “disruption”- this will come in the form of a massive No-Deal Brexit tax cut for the corporate giants. Huge tax cuts for the rich while working families struggle...#BrexitShambles #marr #ridge 
Bloody experts. Why do they always try to spoil Brexit with facts? It’s not fair. Brexit is about ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩ & @michaelgove, it’s not meant to be governed by facts & implications. Go away, Jaguar Land Rover - who are you anyway? #Ridge #marr 
BBC News - Brexit: Extend transition only to scrap backstop, says Dominic Raab  The return of cakeism & unicorns. No way Dublin/EU27 will accept this. If this is also the thinking in No. 10 no deal it is 
WATCH & RETWEET what really happened at the anti-Brexit rally in London yesterday.These people are seriously cray cray. #Brexit #Remainers 
#Brexit is not worth the economic and social damage it is certain to cause in the UK. It is most certainly not worth the threat to #Peace it poses in #Ireland. We HAVE to stop it NOW. We can't let the fascists win. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote @PoliticsFestDub 
Yesterday I was waiting for a German TV crew (ZDF) to get tube tickets, when a woman came up to me, "Good luck today, I'm Irish & #Brexit is going to kill my country. I don't know what we can do about it." All I could do was look her in the eyes & say "We're going to stop it." 
... I can’t see this dispute ending well for Raab or May. And a no-deal Brexit looks more and more likely. 
There is now clear split between @theresa_may and her Brexit secretary @DominicRaab. She offered transition extension as a practical measure so that EU’s version of NI backstop would never have to be implemented. But she knows EU will not... 
Mate.  Quitters are constantly suggesting that if there’s a #PeoplesVote there’ll be riots & violence in the streets.  The difference here is there really WAS civil war with bombs & guns in Ireland just 29 yrs ago & Brexit creates the conditions to reignite it.You must be proud 
Our is the richest language in the world.  500,000 words in the English language.  100,000 words in French, including 'le weekend'; 'le snaque-bar', 'le feelgood factor' et 'le Brexit'.  Bonjour!  Yes, English is now the global lingua franca. 
Surely Raab understands that this takes negotiations not an inch forward and , if he insists upon offering it formally, makes a “no deal”even more likely ?  Brexit: Extend transition only to scrap backstop, says Dominic Raab - BBC News  
By contrast, this from Labour councillor in MK“Astonishing those taking part in todays march outnumber entire membership of Labour Party. Campaigners against Brexit can now legitimately claim to be part of biggest political movement in this country. We ignore them at our peril” 
#Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chiefRalf Speth calls for political action as CBI survey finds 80% of businesses have cut investment ahead of #Brexit#Leavers this is #ProjectReality not #ProjectFear 
SIMON HEFFERThe Tory party's patience "seems exhausted"Theresa May "has surrendered the conduct of the Brexit negotiations to a civil service determined to thwart our departure from the EU"Write your letters of no confidence now, MPs via @Telegraph 
I hate Brexit!!! I despise it, it’s been a Tory tool for power, it’s shock doctrine capitalism as crisis, we need to get rid of the Tories  
My column today for the Sunday Telegraph on how we can secure a good Brexit deal with our EU partners ...Don't doubt our resolve to defend the Union and secure a real Brexit 
Sums up Brexit  
Hundreds of thousands rally in UK for second Brexit referendum  
Mainstream Brexiteers find racist Farage's extremist statement abhorrent; but the uncomfortable truth is, they're more than happy to accept the votes he brought which enabled them to get over the line in the referendum and deliver a Brexit built on hate. 
Pick a side Labour voters. You either swallow your pride and admit that (in this case) Soubry, Blair, Umunna etc are right about the devastating consequences of Brexit......Or, you get austerity forever, with Nigel Farage calling the tune.It's that simple. 
Facebook was the key to the vote, almost all the money spent was funnelled through the platform, spending limits were exceeded, electoral laws were broken, campaigns were illegally co-ordinated, Russia targeted us and Facebook facilitated all this. 
Brazil police to probe disinformation on WhatsAppInstant response while in UK we still await police action on Brexit cheating‘specialized and structured use of business logistics in mass disclosure of false information’ constitutes criminal offense 
The Battle of Trafalgar took place #OnThisDay in 1805. The Royal Navy gave the French a thorough pantsing, Admiral Lord Horatio Nelson took a musket ball to the back. Guarantee some buffoon's going to link it to Brexit today. Boris? Probably Boris.  
Henceforth Nick Clegg will be known as an expensive lobbyist for the platform that brought us Brexit & Trump. Having previously propped up the government that brought us Brexit. What a CV. 
#DailyWorldBriefing on Oct. 21 features:1. Saudi announcement over journalist's death hailed by Trump 2. People demonstrate for new Brexit vote 3. U.S. to withdraw from nuclear treaty with Russia  
Children and grandchildren of people who fled the Nazis are now applying for German passports to flee Brexit Britain.  
Britons took to the streets of Central London on Saturday for a People’s Vote March, demanding that the government call a new referendum on Britain’s exit from the European Union  
Wow, 700,000 March effectively against Brexit, and you give a platform to a couple of deluded old codgers in a pub, calling for a war against the world (the only way we will get our empire back). Giving "balance" a new definition #skynews, well done  #brexitmarch 
You are both wrong and abusive! If Corbyn came out in favour of staying in the EU, how would that stop Brexit? 
There should be no second referendum because remoaners want: indoctrinated 16 year olds to vote, 3.5m EU citizens with vested interests living here to vote, millions of expats who have been out of the country over 15 years to vote, and young votes to be double weighted. No. 
A leading lobby group for British businesses says a majority of firms will trigger Brexit safety plans 'by Christmas.'  
How magnificently ironic that, as a condition of EU membership, the will of the Macedonian people (who held a referendum which failed to generate the necessary level of support for changing the name of their country) is being ignored. Get used to it, @JunckerEU hates democracy... 
1,000s gather in London for ‘biggest’ anti-Brexit rally seeking final say  
The idea that we don’t have a third referendum ( we had a rather more decisive one in 75) would be an attack on democracy. Leave lied,nothing they promised in the campaign is true.People have a right to change their minds based on the facts,that’s democracy.  
"They do not see that on a planet of finite resources, sharing is a necessity, not a choice. They do not realise the British are Europe’s citizens, too.. [They] worship a past that never existed while hailing a future that will never materialise." #Brexit 
Up bright and early to consider the exciting new Brexit twist that an extended implementation period could mean we don't need a backstop to the backstop, but just the backstop, although that must be time limited. #lovemylife #brexitisbrilliant #Ridge 
The peoples March was to attempt to stop Brexit. The EU is part of the UN Cultural Marxist project to destroy Western culture. If you support staying in the EU you are supporting the UN Agenda 21  see   
David Cameron started the whole Brexit 'shitshow' trying to appease his Tory Eurosceptics. He immediately abdicated responsibility and has made no attempt to try to atone for his terrible mistake. #ShameOnYouCameron #BrexitShambles #Marr #Ridge #PeoplesVoteMarch pic.twitter.com/GFM59k30Mh 
Billions? British empire? Is this man stuck in some time wharp? Someone needs to tell him there is no empire, in fact the very UK itself is on the verge of extinction, #Brexit is seeing to that. 
"Does that mean you are dismissing the people who protested today?"@B_HQ- "Absolutely, yes"Bow Group Chairman dismisses the #PeoplesVoteMarch as an exercise in loserdom#WATCH:#Brexit#LosersVoteMarch 
"The deferential style that allowed one Etonian to lead the Remain campaign and another to lead the Leave campaign and for the English to not even see why that was wrong." 
Almost 700,000 march to demand ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit deal  
So sad @jeremycorbyn & @UKLabour This is just the start #brexit is illegal & a #peoplesvote with an option to remain is the only way forward. @Labour4EU @Remain_Labour @YoungLabourUK @The_TUC @Keir_Starmer @tom_watson @EmilyThornberry @johnmcdonnellMP @RLong_Bailey @AngelaRayner 
That's not for you to decide. It's for the people to decide. British Nationalist fanatics such as yourself would have to win support for this "ratifying referendum". Given your open contempt for Scotland and its people, that's unlikely to happen. #DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit: Extend transition 'to scrap backstop' - Raab  
Hundreds of thousands take to streets in London demanding second #Brexit vote   
The quiet silent majority who are too busy working, building their businesses,paying their taxes and who thought they had given their democratic response in the referendum, do not have the time or money to march about London. They voted to leave and thatvshould be respected 
We were a broken, divided nation before the Brexit vote. Brexit has exposed decades of poor governance in the UK. We should be pointing out how our country was cheated by Thatcher, Blair etc & the Tories today & not attacking the person who opposes the inequality in our country. 
Nearly 700,000 people marched in London on Saturday afternoon demanding a second #Brexit referendum.  
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief | Politics | The Guardian  
The EU is no longer our friend, partner or our future. Get us out or face the backlash of an enlightened population. Democracy either exists or it doesn't.If there's a 2nd referendum, I'm tearing up my polling card ... what better way to show contempt ? 
They're now supporting Biafra referendum simply because they want Igbos to boycott the election thereby giving them victory in 2019..LMAO Someone please tell them that Igbos will vote and nobody will boycott anything in southeast and that Buhari will be voted out. 
call in the 10 billion we lent the Irish Republic when they were in trouble. They are not our friends and have been screwing up our Brexit over this spurious and non existant so called border issue  
Ireland To Hold Referendum On Removing Anti-Blasphemy Offenses From Constitution  
Of all the roadblocks on the way to a Brexit deal Northern Ireland is the biggest and nobody feels more unease than the people who live in the British province with its troubled history  
The Cabinet Office exterior door was covered in stickers as over 500,0000 #antiBrexit protesters marched through #London calling for a fresh referendum #Brexit  
Tories' dilemma is they conceived Brexit, made a disastrous mess of it & can't pin the blame elsewhere. A #PeoplesVote offers an escape route, explaining the inevitable U turn as the "will of the people". 
Sir Michael Caine on #Brexit: 'I'd Rather Be a Poor Master of My Fate' Than a Slave to EU Bureaucrats  via @cnsnews 
It’s late. It’s beyond sensible discussion and too much alcohol  late. Yet, I’m still in the middle of an epic family debate about Brexit....at 3.45am! 
Hundreds of thousands march in London for "people's vote" on Brexit  
‘Huge number of MP’s’ . “many members of @UKLabour”.   No sign of @jeremycorbyn at #peoplesevotemarch . Not like useless Corbyn to miss a good protest March . Mind you, Corbyn supports #Brexit so why would he march in support of a #PeopesVote ??  He is a conman 
IPOB members, lovers of Nnamdi Kanu and advocates of referendum, need to introspect and ask questions. Why are Buharists suddenly supportive of your cause? The same people who supported proscription and still supports it today. It’s because election boycott benefits them. 1/ 
I voted #Remain There shouldn't be a second vote on #Brexit because that would make a mockery of #democracy but if there is a second vote I'll be voting #Leave #EUHaveYourSay 
The concessions #TheresaMay has made to the #EU have been truly horrendous. May is a #NevilleChamberlain wannabe whose #Brexitdeal is attempting to separate #NorthernIreland from the UK & is overturning #Brexit to trap the #UK under perpetual EU rule. May is an #enemyofthepeople! 
The #LosersMarch is the desperate final gasp of a dying campaign. They can never overcome the legitimacy of the 1st vote where remain lost by 1.3m votes despite remain cheating (£9m leaflet,voter extension,project fear,Obama’s fake warning etc) Reverse Brexit UK democracy is over  
Spent whole of the interval of the concert in the SOH yesterday enlightening a nice lady about Brexit and its implications for EU in UK and UK in EU.  She was suitably shocked. It seems BBC  does an excellent job of hiding the truth. 
What are you missing?There's no longer a majority for Brexit.There's no deal on the table for Brexit.There is no time left for new Brexit talks.700,000+ people, mostly Labour supporters, marched today for a #PeoplesVote.Listen to them and do the right thing. 
He has been consistent on this issue from day one of his leadership, issuing a statement in September that “Labour will be campaigning in the referendum for the UK to stay in the European Union”. /end 
Fact-check, published 12 AUG 2016Jeremy led from the front in the EU referendum campaign. He made the positive case for remaining and reforming the EU up and down the country. His activity included: /1 
This is actually what Brexit is all about. Toxic nostalgia 
Marchers clog streets of London to demand new Brexit vote  
Look at Europe last year. This is what we are facing, folks. Same attack both sides of Atlantic. Undoubtedly some of these men now are trying to arrange another vote in Britain so they can reverse the #Brexit result given by British citizens. #caravan 
Ironic that Corbyn claims to be returning the Labour Party to its socialist roots. In fact, by ignoring the devastating effect of any Brexit on jobs, livelihoods & services, which will adversely affect our poorest & weakest, he betrays the very principles Labour was founded on. 
Very excited for each individual game of the 2018-2019 regular season to be a referendum on why the Miami Heat do or do not need Jimmy Butler 
In an advisory referendum. Two years ago. Which was corrupted by illegal financing and lies.  
According to the Sunday Times the civil service is already making contingency plans for a second referendum. No surprise there given their patriotic stance so far. What about contingency plans for civil war? How far is the Establishment willing to push the Leave majority? 
Firms to launch Brexit contingency plans before Christmas  
EU flag waving Britons pack the heart of London for an anti-Brexit protest organisers say drew more than half a million people   @niklashallen #AFP 
Thousands rally in Taiwan, call for referendum on independence from China  
Best Brexit analogy yet  
In which Alastair Campbell tries but fails to explain why it was right for the Blair government to ignore the million-strong Iraq march but wrong for the May government to ignore his second referendum march. Total waffle.  
Because they have no arguments left. #Brexit is a disaster managed by the incompetent.  Won in 2016 by fraud and lies. Now we have the facts, they know they would lose because the next #Leave campaign couldn't lie... They'd just get laughed at with a slow hand clap to failure.  
The Information Commissioner's Office have written to me saying there's merit in my request that HMRC release their Brexit impact papers.They are writing to HMRC for a response. 
The people voted for the Good Friday Agreement. Anything which damages or attempts to alter that in any way is a clear violation of our democratic rights. Your Brexit is not more important than our peace. 
Brexit uncertainty slashes investment in 8 in 10 U.K. businesses  
what, you think people must be FORBIDDEN from changing their minds in a democracy?you must really hate that in democracies theres more than one election!FYI.....the trend is quite clear, the UK has changed its mind about brexit!so why are you against a peoples vote?  
Around 80% of Crimea’s population are native Russian speakers and 65-70% of the population are ethnic Russians. 97% of Crimea (83% turnout) voted to join Russia. The referendum and subsequent annexation were recognized as legitimate by both BRICS and SCO.  
Would you like to explain to listeners/watchers/readers that Macedonia had a referendum in which the name change was rejected but in true EU form, the EU encouraged parliament to ignore the vote - which they did... #BrilliantDemocracy 
Corbyn's response in Geneva to the 700,000+ people on the #PeoplesVoteMarch: "Britain is leaving the EU".I hope that makes it clear to every Remainer out there. Corbyn will never help you stop Brexit.  
A really exciting thing happened yesterday.We were a mere 160 days away from #Brexit.Then the frothers had their #PeoplesVoteMarch & sang a lot of weirdo songs.And guess what?Now it's 159 days until #Brexit.Well done all. 
With women and young people at the very front of the #PeoplesVoteMarch - we will pay the highest price if Brexit goes ahead. Thanks to ⁦@thatginamiller⁩ for taking on the establishment 
Mass rally in London for new Brexit vote...  
So? @Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbyn @HackneyAbbott @johnmcdonnellMP and @EmilyThornberry were not at the ‘FPBE’ March;SHOULD they be? They didn’t organise it, order a referendum (OR Brexit), nor wish to share platforms with Chuka, Campbell et al. RESPECT! Front bench...  
And please don't forget those of us ... about 1,000 ... who turned out in Belfast.  #brexit #stopbrexit 
In a mature democracy we wouldn't need this march because your employer and friends in government wouldn't have treated an advisory referendum with a narrow majority based on lies and law-breaking as a permanent mandate for an extreme version of the answer, without confirmation. 
We have always been TWO separate nations. We need to end this fake union now. We had lndependence on two separate dates. French Cameroun 1960 English Cameroon  didn't work! Referendum now!Stop the #Carnage! 
Best anti-brexit sign ever  
Protests and the will to change things did not end with the #Brexit referendum. In a democracy, people have the right to change their minds and overturn whatever they dislike!   
What do you call 700,000 Remainers taking a stroll in the Saturday sunshine? An exercise in futility. Do YOU think the People’s Vote march will make any difference to Brexit at all? Join me from 1 on @LBC 
Because this might happen is why we can't stop brexit.I don't know why. The police have the situation under control.  
Terrifying, though not news to anyone paying attention. But the article again conflates a “hard” Brexit with a “no deal” Brexit. They are not the same thing. Even with a deal, the job losses would be catastrophic, as confirmed by JLR’s chief exec.  
Where to start.Parliament voted for a referendum.The government promised to implement its result.Parliament voted to trigger Article 50.Parliament voted to leave the Single Market.Parliament voted to leave the Customs Union.When did the people vote to invade Iraq?  
Solidarity with all who joined the #PeoplesVoteMarch - the largest demonstration against government policy since the Iraq war. Brexit is an omnishambles, and our disgraced, incompetent government cannot be trusted to deliver anything but disaster. The people deserve another say. 
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'show trial'  
I’m a Labour member. A Labour voter for 40 years. I was at Conference when we overwhelmingly passed new policy REJECTING Tory BrexitI was also on #PeoplesVoteMarch with 700,000 othersYour tweet is ill-timed, electorally stupid, and bordering on being contrary to Party policy 
What this weekend (700,000 in London) and 2 weekends ago (100,000 in Edinburgh) tells me more than anything is that we're closer to Scottish independence than we are to stopping Brexit. Sorry England & Wales, but we're not coming with you... X#DissolvetheUnion 
Absolute state of this. RT'd by Charles Grant at CER.  120k (not 700k) mostly bussed in to a city where 2m voted Remain, a losers march against Brexit because it is apparently "reactionary xenophobia". That'll win 'em over ...    
You literally backed the hard Brexit Tories in 2015 and 2017 while telling your readers Trump would lose and remain would win. Try some humility?  
Is it not telling that British Nationalists have to constantly lie about everything it is their only defence of the  British Union because there is not a single positive thing they can offer in its defence . That is why we will win the Independence referendum 
Corbyn’s behaviour around Brexit has been a perfect disgrace. There is not a good word on the Street about the man. His role in this Tory mess will never be forgiven. Corbyn just plays games with the support of some very unsavoury backers.Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon  
But it is dismissed, as we are told #Brexit was a "United Kingdom vote".Such a dismissal suggests a UK which is not, in fact, a "union" but merely a "Greater England", always subject to English majoritarianism.That just isn't going to fly in Scotland or NI in the 2020s.2/2 
Where are all these racists morons coming from? It’s like they’ve appeared from a hole in the ground since the Brexit vote. Come on let’s get this disgusting man found and action taken against him. 
Well I never. Endorsement of #democracy from Andrew Neil. I’ll take that big time. #PeoplesVoteMarch#london#brexit  
IF we leave the EU, there would indeed be a threat to workers’ rights which would need to be countered. We protect rights at European level to avoid a race to the bottom. What the #Tory Govt would do if we #Brexit and drop out of EU standards doesn’t bear thinking about. 
“March for the future” is right. The argument not just the size makes this compelling: the Brexit people were promised is not on offer so they have the right to decide whether to go ahead.   
Two hundred and eleventy billion eligible UK voters descended on London today for the #PeoplesMarchVote.What did they achieve, other than a wee day out?159 days to #Brexit  
BREXIT SELLOUT: May plotting EU 'stitch-up' warns Boris 'We will fight them to the DEATH'   
Just listening to an Indian comedian. He said “the world has heard that after Brexit the British are coming back out into the world. We said, ‘Oh God, hide the good stuff, they must have a new museum to fill’” 
Brexit could kill off entire industries, says Jaguar Land Rover chief  
Media: @VanJones68: The November 6 #midterms "are really the first national referendum on @realDonaldTrump ... Nothing is as powerful as millions of voters marching into voting booths to collectively reward or punish, hire or fire, the very leaders of the nation." 
Lovely afternoon of group therapy, tea & poetry as we worked through some of the tough after effects of our referendum work & planned to expand our supports for women & families. It's a long road but we'll get there. #RepealedThe8th @TFMRIRE @LeanbhMoChroi 
What an AMAZING day at the #PeoplesVoteMarch !! Thanks SO MUCH to the incredible team @peoplesvote_hq the thousands of volunteers and the over 700,000 who turned up to demand a @peoplesvote_uk to get us out of this #Brexit chaos! #PeoplePower #FinalSayForAll  
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon - The Independent  
Downing Street starting to "war game a second referendum" The Papers #BBCpapers 
Had a queue around me today asking for bollox to Brexit stickers. It would be shocking if they too joined 1000s of others in sticking them on Dyson hand driers and in Wetherspoon pubs. Truly shocking  
I don't understand this. Remainers like @Anna_Soubry have spent the last two years telling us that #Brexit is not "the will of the people" because only 17.4 million out of an electorate of 46 million voted to leave. So if 700,000 were on #PeoplesVoteMarch, 45.3 million weren't... 
This me on the way home telling Brexit to kiss my  
Properly British yet refuse to accept the referendum result and threaten our very slim chances of getting an EU deal... “Properly British” is not how I would describe you all 
EDL march today 22 Leave means leave rally Harrogate today 1,200 Tory party membership 124,000 Labour party membership 540,000 Estimated pro EU Stop Brexit march today 700,000 Just saying. 
Protesters march in their thousands in London to demand second Brexit referendum  
If Prince William comes out for Remain, will that be a case of “Brexit, pursued by an heir”?I’ll get me doublet. 
Brexit was pushed by Mercer, Cambridge Analytica and Russian bots. The Kochs stand to profit as well. I hope UK voters can stop the Brexit train wreck. 
At a Dublin concert, an English performer mentions a well-known radio programme.Well-known to him that is. No-one near me has ever heard of it.Lads, #Brexit is hard enough for Irish people to take.It would help a little if you all realizedIRELAND IS A DIFFERENT COUNTRY.Ta. 
Whitehall was like a mausoleum to Brexit after the #PeoplesVote march.A surreal experience that depicted a political class far removed from the vast majority of people in our country, on both sides of the argument.(with added scouser) 
Two babies left my mailing list cos I called Brexit Brexshit (surely we can all get on board with that) and because I am having a prominent Remainer as a guest. Didn’t see them crying with the two ex-remain, now pro-brexit politicians on. Not hard Brexit enough to follow me. 
Sounds exactly what Dave(I’m hiding in my hut) Cameron said “a once in a lifetime referendum, the people will decided to remain or leave and the politicians will honour that decision” 17.4 million gave the politicians an instruction to leave the EU. Suck on that @SadiqKhan 
They may be "losers", but there's a hell of a lot of them.   Biggest march in London since Iraq.   Trouble is: there's no time for a referendum before March.  The priority must be to repeal Article 50 and stop Blind Brexit.  
@UKLabourIN On the day 700,000 march for a #PeoplesVote instead of joining the march Corbyn is discussing post-Brexit Britain at the UN. Many Labour members and voters were marching today. Corbyn will never ever join the fight to Remain.  via @UKLabour 
Quite.there is no more iconic Brexit issue than fishermen..We cannot betray them let’s get in with it  
Can’t stand what he did over Iraq and since, but oh how much more vocal Labour were then on Europe. On a day when massive numbers took to the streets to oppose Brexit , not a peep from Corbyn  
A deal endorsed by parliament 50%. Early GE 25%. No deal Brexit 15%. People’s Vote 10%. 
You’re missing the point @charlotteahenry when you say‘I absolutely believe that Remainers would not have agreed to another vote if we had we won’.#PeoplesVote is not a repeat/rerun, but a different animal, a vote on facts of Brexit outcome; wd not have arisen if Remain won  
What exactly do the People’s Vote brigade think they’re going to achieve by constantly slagging Corbyn off? It’s bizarre.Yes, Brexit won’t solve any of our problems, but stopping it will only help in indefinitely perpetuating the Tory-led neoliberal system that led to it. 
Tories might be destroying the UK for generations to come by pushing for the most extremes of BrexitBut Labour are just as complicit, esp Corbyn, by standing by and letting it happenNeither parties are fit for government 
Bot factory in full force today.Messages like:if there is another referendum and leaver lose they will be very angry..I voted remain but we should just get on with it..We have had a peoplesvote..700,000 against 17.4 million..Ect.They are getting worried in Iran and Russia 
Fucking ridiculous. Sorry. Get this man out. Our country is in constitutional crisis. Our democracy under attack from foreign influence. And we have some back bench activist wandering around unable to lead any effective opposition. Enough is enough #Peoplesvote #brexit  
Brexit metaphors, ftw.  
Any idea that a second referendum would somehow be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon.Piece from me on the #PeoplesVoteMarch. (Would have tweeted it earlier but I've been at Strictly and they make you hand your phone in). 
Yes it was more sad BBC on Brexit. The second biggest demonstration in my life time in London, peaceful witty, joyous - our nation at its finest - is given equal status by BBC to a few hundred xenophobes listening to loud mouth Farage. @bbckamal @bbcnickrobinson @steverichards14 
We need to avoid this total madness & win back our futures - Delia Smith speaks out against #Brexit at #PeoplesVote 
Labour in Westminster are whipped into supporting Brexit. (Welsh Branch) Labour aren't even worth whipping. A pointless and toothless extension of Westminster. Sometimes when you want a good job done, you do it yourself. Independence for Wales. Take responsibility for our future 
The difference between an anti-Brexit and a pro-Brexit event in just 8 pictures  
Brexit is like when Geri Halliwell overestimated her viability as a solo artist and left the spice girls. Best placard on the #PeoplesVoteMarch today 
The Empire was bullish, racist, toxic & corrupt to the core.  Something very familiar with the Vote Leave lot.  Citizens of the UK & EU do not wish a return to those days - The EU was crafted to protect put an end to this.. Brexit will just reignite it! 
Hundreds of thousands marched through London throwing yet another tantrum over BrexitWhen's the march for HuddersfieldOr RotherhamOr RochdaleOr TelfordOr OxfordOr...  
The Tory and Labour Leaderships are in a sordid relationship together to prevent the truth about Brexit coming out and the criminal elements from being investigated, let alone discussed openly. Brexit corrupts. Stop Brexit.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
In a hotel room in Paris with the family. The kids have seen the Mona Lisa, Eiffel Tower & notre dame for the first time. To be here in this city, our neighbours, reading about the amazing turnout on the march today in London gives me hope that we can turn this Brexit mess around 
“Britain is on the brink of a historic calamity, for which the country’s entire political class must share the blame. Brexit, on any currently available terms,will be a disaster. No deal will be worse...We must have a second referendum.”⁦@ObserverUK⁩ 
Just seen a couple sitting in first class on our train back to Colchester drinking champagne and sharing a hamper - they're wearing "Bollox to Brexit" stickers #PeopesVoteMarch 
Here's 10 ways EU membership protects our workers rights @jeremycorbyn, let alone our right to work freely across a whole continent.We all know Brexit gives the Tories the opportunity to strip these away.We marched for them. You should have been there. 
Sir Desmond Swayne: “There was only 1 thing both Remain & Leave agreed about in the run-up to 2016 referendum - it was the importance of turning out for that vote to settle the question of our EU membership for a generation.So, it’s settled!”#Brexit #EU 
Important to note 700k people *showed up in person* to demand a say. I’m certain there are millions more all over the WORLD who also want to vote again knowing the facts, not fantasy. #brexit #PeoplesMarchVote #PeoplesVote #stopbrexit 
If it gets to March 2019 & #Brexit hasn't been aborted, I hope @peoplesvote_uk have been planning the next protest march that will need to he even bigger than the #PeoplesVoteMarch today.We'll be facing an emergency situation and a massive political crisis. #FinalSay 
30 of the best Brexit signs from the People's Vote March  
The Observer front page, Sunday 21 October 2018: 700,000 demand fresh Brexit vote  
I count 26 ... Compared to 700,000+ on the #PeoplesVoteMarchYet amazingly, the Tory and Labour Brexit positions still give more to these racists than to Remainers.  
Brexit march: '700,000' protesters walk through London  
Bill Cash: People’s Vote march insult to democracy.We've already had People’s Vote authorised by Parliament.This is authorised by nobody!Except reversers to take us back into utterly undemocratic #EU trying to bully & intimidate British people.#Brexit 
Demand to see your MP in their surgeries to discuss Brexit, even the ones who oppose it. This is a historic watershed moment, many people taking small steps now could create a positive multiplier effect. We don't pay them to do nothing, when a train wreck could be easily avoided.  
Dominic Raab: "Drop the backstop or the UK will not extend #Brexit transition period." 
Such resounding numbers cannot be dismissed.  As #Brexit bears no resemblance to what was promised, more and more people demand a right to reconsider...  
Utter shower, abrogation of responsibility"What can Corbyn do on #Brexit?"He can f**king march with his members for a start  
This was the most moving thing I saw at today's #peoplesevotemarch - a sixteen year old proclaiming that #Brexit has stolen his future as indeed, sadly, it has.He looks quite cheerful about it though, given the circumstances.#PeoplesMarchVote 
I voted Remain, now I support Corbyn's plan to respect the result of the EU Ref.  Renegotiate a Custom's Union & Single Market (Soft Brexit). 'People's Vote is a con, supported by RW Newspapers / dodgy Blairites and Lib/Dem opportunists, to divert away from a GEh/t @dallo100 
Polls suggest most Mexicans favour completing the new airport. But the referendum-like vote may not reflect that  
For those of you following this brexit business. It just got weirder.  
@warren_oates  Do you speak for 17.4M uk  Citizens who voted with fully open eyes and considered judgment? Happily we live in a Democracy. Please celebrate that, and respect the vote of the Majority. Uk  #Brexit #Leave #Out 
conversely, although i'm drowning in Brexit trolls today, i'm finding their words wash right off me. they haven't got a political argument left; they're not defending Brexit, they're just attacking us. Brexit is indefensible. this is progress  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The Independent: 700,000 march to demand a Final Say on Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Exactly! This 90-something turned out today to make sure younger generations wouldn’t think that *all* oldies had voted for Brexit...  
All the smug, self satisfied remoaners marching through London today just have a read. THIS is what you were marching to protect; this antidemocratic outrage and insult to the ballot box. Shame on you!#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote#Brexit #losersvote 
The Tory party at war with itself, drags us into a referendum led by a compulsive political gambler who had no idea why he wanted to be Prime Minister, and now they cant organise a piss up in a brewery because half of them want the empire back and you blame the Labour Party? 
Line from Downing Street tonight saying a second vote on Brexit would be a "politicians'" vote - after hundreds of thousands of non-politicians demanded a final say. Says it all. 
Sign at the London anti Brexit protest (friend posted)  
Who is this utter tw*t in #skynews paper review. Amazing how he is trying to change to narrative.  At first it was we will all be better off after Brexit, then it was it may take 50 years, then it was no one wants a people vote, and now its there is no time for a people’s vote. 
The EU wants to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit to stop the UK becoming a thriving, low-tax economy:  
Huge crowds marched through central London on Saturday demanding a referendum on the terms of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union next year.  
Your lack of knowledge on this fundamentally important issue has been seriously exposed in this thread. It wouldn’t matter if you weren’t in a key position of influence and power. But you are. I despair #Brexit 
For those people who fear that a #PeoplesVote will make the far-right mad.This is what Brexit has already done for them. It’s emboldened them and made them fearless.This is why ignorance, stupidity, hatred and violence must not be allowed to win.#StopBrexit 
I think we should have an EU referendum every year until everyone has eaten each other. 
TAKING TO THE STREETS: Tens of thousands of protesters marched through central London on Saturday to demand a new referendum on Britain's departure from the European Union.  
This was no vote accident... #Brexit  
Interestingly both the BBC and Sky TV report the claim by the organisers of the anti BREXIT March that it attracted 700,000 people but they both fail to report the official figure released by the police. Was this fake news by the two TV stations? Check for yourself!! 
How does the paper of record for the Conservative & Unionist Party ever get itself into a place where it can describe the Irish backstop as "meaningless"? As if The Troubles meant absolutely nothing.... #Brexit  
700,000 on the #PeoplesVoteMarchFewer than 1500 at the Pro #Brexit equivalent in Harrogate.BBC article gives first quote in their story to...Nigel Farage.Come on guys, nobody could credibly call this 'balanced' reporting... 
I don’t know if the #peoplesVoteMarch will change anything, though 700,000 marchers should. But I do know we stood up and were counted. Brexit is being done without our consent. I can look my kids in the eye and say I tried my best to save their future. 
Brexit not at Defcon 1 just yet...  
That depends;The Iraq War was an American idea, so they pushed to over-ride our objections.'Brexit' is a Russian idea, - so does Putin have an equivalent amount of 'Shove' ... ? 
He’ll go down in history as the worst Prime Minister the UK ever had, despite recent stiff competition. But, as a member of the Commons Staff said to me at the time, the whole Brexit/Referendum row started as a feud between schoolboys at Eton.  
Never marched against the Tory austerity that enabled Brexit?Never got angry and tweeted about #ToryElectionFraud?Never marched to save the NHS?Employed, comfortable lifestyle, decent savings?If most of these describe you, I hope you enjoyed your march in London. 
Seriously poor tone from @BBCNews.  Why give oxygen to Farage and the three UKIP supporters who turned up in London? Oh, and try 750K marchers. You really are the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation and it won't be forgotten #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit Secretary says NI can’t be in separate customs arrangement from GB + “nor can we see any differences in regulation for NI that threaten the UK’s internal market”  
This is what continuing democracy looks like. Just because there was a referendum result it doesn't mean that democracy just stops there. It's a process. It evolves. Politics, allegiances and ideas shift as new information comes to light. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
How many of the stop Brexit brigade will do a Nick Clegg and fuck off to Silicon Valley if another career opportunity presents itself between now and Brexit day. Probably all of them. Won’t stop the batshit FBPE lot preferring to chant “where’s Jeremy Corbyn” though  
At Nigel Farage's Brexit rally in Harrogate a bloke calls for the reintroduction of The British Empire. .....We have to listen to these people apparently....  
Spot on, the Tories are entirely responsible for #BrexitChaos! Many people marching today were holding signs saying 'Love Jeremy, Hate Brexit' so I think most people understand that.  
Sky news report that 700,000 took part in the Anti BREXIT March. Then on checking this is not the police figure but the number claimed by the organisers!!  Have to be careful what TV media report!!!!! 
We have never been "at this stage" in a political cycle before; the UK is currently split over Brexit in a way that lies completely outwith party lines. And unless you are less intelligent than I give you credit for, you are as aware of that fact as the rest of us. /1 
The intellectually challenged mayor of London has told the anti-Brexit March in London it is time to take the decision out of the hands of politicians and give it to the people. Eh? We did that already dummy and the people voted to leave. You promised to endorse their decision. 
Hope all those coaches arrived or arriving safely home with today’s people’s vote marchers from all parts of Britain. It was worth it & you should be really proud! Politics won’t be the same again - Brexit doomed & damned 
Was thinking.  @TripeUK should start preparing  post Brexit recipes.  Something like pigs in blankets, but broiled rat wrapped with a delicious tripe jacket.. 
Let's get this straight (1)It is not patronising to suggest that people made a mistake on the first referendum. People make mistakes all the time, sometimes several a day. What made the voters infallible on 23rd June 2016? Given the misinformation, hardly surprising, really. 
I’m a member of @UKLabour. I voted #Remain.I voted for @JeremyCorbyn in the 2nd Leadership Election AFTER the #Brexit ref.I voted Labour in the GE AFTER the #Brexit ref.I would vote Labour again tomorrow. Brexit belongs entirely to the Tories.I stand with Jeremy Corbyn! 
A real sense of urgency and determination from today's crowd in London. A @peoplesvote_uk would give us a chance to have a final say on the Brexit settlement - a deal which will have a massive impact on our town.  
From the editor of a newspaper which, lest we forget, urged its readers to vote for the Hard Brexit Tory party in 2017, the sheer audacity of this tweet is off the scale.  
If the 2016 referendum result is allowed to stand in spite of the blatant lying, the overspend, the Russian interference, and the near-universal ignorance of what was at stake, then British democracy has truly come to an end. 
Incredible scenes with 700,000+ people on the #PeoplesVoteMarch to demand a final say on Brexit.Please RT so everyone knows - Brexit is not the will of the people.Write to your MP and ask them to support a #PeoplesVote and to campaign to #Remain. 
Not only is Remain is the epitome of an inability to see out of the box, trapped by dependency on the EU, a lack of initiative & self confidence but prostitution of British sovereignty and vassalisation of the UK to the EU. We must Brexit! Be SOVEREIGN  
Where is Jeremy Corbyn? Utter disgrace. Move aside so we can have an effective opposition leader. #loser #PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit is NOT a done deal  Well done every single person in #London today. What a day. What a turnout. 
Could the Brexiters manage to assemble nearly 700,000 people to demand that Britain proceed headlong into the monumental mess that is #Brexit?Not a chance. The only counterprotestors we saw today were these sad sacks.#peoplesvotemarch 
And the pro Brexit March of 1,200 what do you think? 12?  
Hey @campbellclaret#PeoplesVote took place on 23/6/16. 17,410,742 voted Leave16,141,241 RemainDifference is 1,269,000.Minority is #LosersVoteMajority winsVoters must be 18Turn-out 72%#EuRef isn’t held yearly #PeoplesVoteMarch is #2Undemocratic2Bother#Brexit won  
700,000 People Marched in London to Protest Brexit  
Huge march in London calling for a new referendum vote on the final Brexit deal #NoBrexit 
It's beyond leaving the EU now. This is about liberty, justice and democracy. We are at the brink of losing all three if #brexit goes ahead. Supporters of leave are happy to deny these to anyone who disagrees with them. #peoplesvote 
Tens of thousands of opponents to #Brexit protested on the streets of #London today, demanding a second referendum. Brexit supporters argue that the "People's Vote Moment" is simply made up of sore losers.  
I know Brexit’s not a left/right thing. But how I enjoyed contrast between 700K on #PeoplesMarchVote and fewer than 70 on EDL march in Manchester. It’s been a good day. 
It’s hardline Brexiteers who’ve frustrated brexit, and may well have destroyed it. A sensible strategy around EFTA, restrictions on free movement of workers along Swiss lines and some sort of customs deal to protect Irish border, and I’d have (reluctantly) gone along with it. 
Dominic Raab: Drop the backstop or the UK will not extend Brexit transition period  
Public opposition to Theresa May’s handling of Brexit really starting to drag the Tories down ...  
Undo the Russian con — we plan to as well, this side of the pond #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I voted remain. Bring on the #PeoplesMarchVote I will 100% vote Brexit if it happens. I won’t be the only one. Be careful what you ask for   
Marches this big tend not to be on the wrong side of history. Something for Number 10’s current occupant to think about. Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon#PeoplesVoteMarch #FBPE 
Was approached by a guy at this rally today, identified himself as w/class unionist. Critical of SF Legacy approach but told me due to Brexit he’d vote to live in a New Ireland tomorrow. Times a’changing!  
Copy/pasted... Best anti-Brexit quote I've heard...Dr Mike Galsworthy, NHS Against Brexit, told BBC News: "Whether you voted leave or voted remain - when a contract comes back, you have the right to read the small print & say 'No, this isn't what we want to be signing up for'." 
Think I’ll sleep tonight with the chant of “Bollocks to Brexit” ringing in my ears. It’s not a usual word of choice. But to hear tens of thousands shouting it, laughing it, cheering it was quite something. 1200 at Farage’s ‘protest’.700k here: Bravo Britain! #PeoplesVoleMarch 
Brexit or not Brexit, single market or not. Either way the greedy Tories are shafting us. They are giving their super-rich mates tax cuts while we pick up the bill. Our priority should be to call a general election and kick these greedy bastards out of power. Sorry for my French. 
WATCH: Hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered in London to call for a new referendum on Brexit.  pic.twitter.com/I5mZ7RvjKF 
'Future nobody voted for': Over half million anti-Brexiteers march for second referendum vote  
Side that lost a referendum turns out a fraction of the number that lost then to say they’d like another go. Yes, earthshaking.  
Except there will not be a #losersvote because:1) there is not time to organise a referendum before we leave on March 29th2) Britain cannot unilaterally suspend Article 50. It has to be a unanimous decision by rEU. Cyprus, Italy, & Hungary have all said they would veto.  
Yes Laura, yes it was. Remember that.You need to report truthfully & frankly and get the BBC to stop balancing mountains with pebbles. Not every positive Remain/ negative Brexit story needs a straw clutching brexshitter dinosaur trotting out stock phrases for balance 
On the side of the peoples vote we had up to 700,000 people on the streets of London. While on the side of a no-deal flounce-out Brexit we have a defrocked priest most notable for running in front of speeding Formula 1 cars. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Don't be fooled by carefully cropped images being saturated all over social media by the SF/Alliance/SDLP/ Greens. This is all those who oppose democracy could turnout in Belfast on a Saturday afternoon.#Brexit  
Today’s collection of appellations from my Brexit correspondents: ‘pussy’, ‘bedwetter’, ‘moron’, ‘thick cunt’, ‘irrelevant helmet’, ‘whinger’, ‘never funny’ ‘bad loser’ and someone who ‘can’t stand demicracy’ (sic). The art of persuasion is not dead. 
Listen to our co-organiser @SholaMos1 tell it as it is at Women's rally for #PeoplesVoteMarch on #BrexitShe says we must unite with our #Diversity & #intersectionality and demand #PeoplesVote@WM_Global @women4PV @thatginamiller @Femi_Sorry @AmateyDoku @endthechaosuk @WEP_UK 
Current Brexit mood  
If what was promised during the referendum (more money, more freedom and no downsides) was being delivered there wouldn't be many people marching... 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon."Marches this big tend not to be on the wrong side of history". 
Astonishing that those taking part in todays march outnumber the entire membership of the Labour Party. Campaigners against Brexit can now legitimately claim to be part of the biggest political movement in this country. We ignore them at our peril. 
 Today was such an AMAZING day Proud to say we stood shoulder to shoulder with hundreds of thousands of people from all different political persuasions. We sent a message loud and clear to government: we demand a final say on the #Brexit deal.#SayNoToNoSay #C4PV 
If remain had won the Brexit referendum, there would never have been any talk of a second vote. The globalists will always refuse to accept that The People voted differently than they were ‘supposed’ to. Globalism and democracy are totally incompatible. 
Sitting behind two late middle aged blokes earlier in a food place at Waterloo. One in a Bollocks to Brexit shirt, one in a West Ham shirt. Both bald, tattooed and drunk. Both loudly denouncing Brexit in proper Kent tones.But sure; tell me again how it's all Islington elites. 
If nothing else please watch and then RT this. And thank you #PatrickKielty for your courage, compassion and honesty #Brexit #NIreland #Peace 
“Britain is on brink of a historic calamity, for which the country’s entire political class must share the blame. Brexit, on any currently available terms, will be a disaster. No deal will be worse. The politicians have failed, the people must take charge. We must have 2nd ref”  
Here’s the thing #FBPE If so many of you hadn’t voted Tory, there would be no #Brexit to deal with. #Simples 
There will be no 2nd referendum says no. 10.Really!! @theresa_may please understand that parliament are listening to us, not you 
Dear God, we really are now in the land of the mad @RuthLeaEcon #brexit  
Today I marched with one of my best friends & 700,000 people. I’ve never felt so much hope for my country. Regardless of the Brexit outcome I now know there’s lots of people who believe in cooperation and making our country a better place #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The significant story here is #wentworthfalls had nothing to do with the actual candidate. Sharma seemed okay, he didn’t say much, he perhaps wasn’t allowed. The vote was a pure referendum on the federal #LNP government. They should be shitting themselves.#auspol 
The marchers were right on Iraq.... and they are right on #Brexit.  
Will changes, as do views when the facts change. @SkyNews captures that in all its vast glory. ‘The politicians have failed, so the people must take charge’.Reject Brexit | Reform Politics | Renew UK  
If the Eu referendum result is over turned then there will be no point in voting in the uk ever again. These two will ensure that no matter what we want as a population the only policy agenda will be the one dictated by the Eu!  
With Dave a disabled ⁦@UKLabour⁩ ⁦@CreweLabour⁩ member for whom Brexit is a disaster. I saw 100s of disabled people @ #PeoplesVoteMarch They were in wheelchairs, on crutches, hobbling with the rest of us. This is not the liberal wealthy elite but vulnerable citizens 
Alastair Campbell used to slag off Jeremy Corbyn for alienating voters in Labour's traditional working-class heartlands. In other words, the sort of people who voted for #Brexit. Now he's slagging off Corbyn for not alienating them. The pillock. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
There will be no 2nd referendum says no. 10.We'll see about that!One day soon, May will understand that parliament are listening to us, not her. 
Here the Irish Brexit soft loans - subsidised at 4%, bulk of risk passed on to European Investment Bank - longer term loans announced at Budget taking total to around 1bn mark. not just about No Deal. Any business with 15% of its business in UK qualifies:  
‘I’m 16 & Brexit stole my future’  
What are the leavers so afraid of? If you’re so convinced Brexit is still what the country wants then you won’t mind proving that in a vote now that we’ve got a lot more insight into what Brexit really means. #PeopleVoteMarch #PeoplesMarchVote 
Today’s 700,000-strong march a game changer in the politics of Brexit. Pressure for a people’s vote now intense  
Complete silence from @UKLabour while at least 700,000 people march against #Brexit.  This could have been an election winning shoe-in but you've just lost a lot of support.  It's quite simple, if you're not supporting #remain you're supporting #brexit. 
Back from brexit march via a curry. So sad again about what is happening. I am a child of Europe. No Europe = no me. Simple as that. Glad to have walked with others and said we can do better than this 
Proud to have joined the #PeoplesVoteMarch today for a #FinalSay on #Brexit  
This is ninety-something Barbara Hosking who came on the People’s Vote march today. She doesn’t believe Brexit will fix any of the problems that drove people to vote to leave, & hates that it will deprive future generations of so much. Hero #peoplesvotemarch 
"Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon"#peoplesvotemarch#PeoplesVote#PVRoadtrip 
It was amazing to be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch today.700k people having fun with no aggression.Shame it had to be dispersed at the end because 20 #Brexit fascist thugs turned up looking to cause trouble.What a great day. Now let's get a #PeoplesVote 
The people of Scotland knew what they were voting for in 2014  because the Scottish government published a 1000 page document on the issue, discussing everything from pensions to education. What was published explaining Brexit? That, Mr Sweeney, is the difference. 
If there were to be a 2nd referendum, the choices should be either May’s deal or WTO terms.  
'The gutless, dilettantish and fatally flippant style that has dominated England for so long and failed it so completely.' Nick Cohen, superb on the old Etonians who led us to Brexit.  
However you voted, Or maybe you didnt vote and you want your say... a second referendum cant be a bad thing. More democracy please. #PeoplesVote 
I'm puzzled - they keep telling us that Remain will ultimately prevail b/c all the old, white people voted Leave & will be dead soon?!  #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesMarchVote #Brexit #Leave #Remain #London 
Young people were at the front of #PeoplesVoteMarch in London leading 700,000 people today. Young people voted overwhelmingly to REMAIN in the EU and they are angry that Brexit will deprive them of opportunities to enjoy the European citizenship they were born with  
Ishaq Dar applies for Political Assylum In England. There goes the British System. Mayfair will have barriers if he gets a house there. Hyde Park will be encroached. Harrods will have to give credit or their gas will be cut off. And Brexit BHATTA will go to Altaf Hussain. 
The SNP have now just set a precedent that if there ever was a second independence referendum and a vote in favour of separation, then it would be subject to a ratifying referendum at the end of negotiations; once people see the reality of how economically disastrous it would be.  
Brexit is a culture war and your side lost it. You can march all you like but there is no time for a second vote. The silent majority believed in Britain and I’m proud of the support I gave to stick it to people like you !  
My #Brexit ballot paper saidRemain in the EUOrLeave the EUNotMake a conditional offer and see what the “price” is, a bit like your preferred car/mortgage analogy, then vote againHow about yours? 
Nigel Farage told Sky News he was "quite happy to have another referendum in 20 years or so, when we work out exactly what shape's Europe's going to be and how happy we are as an independent nation"  
hey @jeremycorbyn; did you know that the #PeoplesVoteMarch was the largest march since 2003's anti-iraq war march? that means that in 8 years of tory misery, people STILL haven't protested anything as fiercely as Brexit. seems like backing a #PeoplesVote could be a vote winner. 
That was a big crowd! Fantastic to march alongside so many comrades at the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. Brexit is not a done deal - we all deserve better  
#London came to a standstill today. This is the will of the people. This is democracy. This is the Great in Britain. #peoplesvotemarch is simply asking for a say on the deal. Is #brexit what we were promised? Why can’t we think again? Well done to everyone there today x  
Be warned, @UKLabour. You are out of touch & are moving further & further away from the people who form your core. This will end in disaster. Wake up, support the people - and ditch your suicidal support for the #Brexit Britain does not want. #fbpe #ofoc #ffs #peoplesvote 
99% of those shouting 'where is Jeremy Corbyn?' and complaining that Labour don't have a position on Brexit won't have read this section of our excellent manifestoRead it, take heart, share #PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote#SocialistSunday#JC4PM 
Who Is Nick Clegg? Left-wing, Anti-Brexit, Globalist Former UK Deputy PM Hired as Facebook’s Global Comms Chief!   ANTITRUST ACTION NOW!   Comment?                     #ma4t 
Almost 700,000 march to demand ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit deal  
Celebrities join crowds  demanding second referendumMust be thick, if they didn’t know what 17.4 Million knew!  
With brilliant @UKLabour politicians @maryhoneyball @RupaHuq speaking at @Women_4_Europe rally at the start of #PeoplesVoleMarch Women’s Rights are protected, extended & developed in the EU & we will pay the greatest price if we Brexit  
Judging by the state of Twitter, I'm glad I just spent 13 hours on a plane w/out comms#Brexit is important, but I'd love to know where most of these people have been during the fight against austerity & the misery its caused this country's most vulnerable #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The Labour Party on #Brexit: an abdication of leadership on a historic scale #lestweforget 
Labour have been holding the Tories to account over any Brexit deal they attempt to come back with, by ensuring they meet six tests laid down by Keir Starmer. Labour will not support NO-DEAL or a BAD-Deal!#marr  #ridge 
Good boy. Now get us the fuck out of Brexit. 
How much money will Somerset Capital LOSE if we #StopBrexit ?Are you are #brexit  spiv Mr Mogg ?Are you going to profit from the chaos of the #BrexitShambles ??? pic.twitter.com/is5eY9idG3 
Never forget, it’s not about a #peoplesvote, it’s about stopping Brexit. It’s the only horse in the race for this lot.  
Almost 700,000 march to demand ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit deal  
Imagine if even half of those 670000 peoplemarching today campaigned in a #PeoplesVote referendum.It'd be the largest grassroots campaign mounted in recent times in UK. So many more than those who'd campaign for Brexit.Now how do we make the vote happen? 
Here are 5 things I believe:1. #PrEPworks. We need to roll out PrEP on the NHS now.2. #UequalsU3. We should stand up for trans people4. Brexit is harmful to the UK 5. We can disagree on any of these and still learn from each other.  
Don Young grabbed Alyse Galvin’s hand at the end of the AFN debate to the point she cried out in pain. She said “that hurts” 2x & he laughed. AK’s congressional race is different this year. It’s a referendum: do we want new leaders or the same old vicious bullies? #TimesUp⁠ ⁠ 
Brexit isn’t just being challenged in the Courts, it’s being challenged in the streets too. Discontent is growing for actions built on misleading lies!  
Nigel Farage, when he thought Remain would win, suggested he’d call for a second referendum. The 700,000 in London today are asking for something more modest: a vote on the final terms – i.e. a final vote when we know exactly what we’re voting for. 
#LGBTIQ rights are best protected, extended & promoted by a strong EU. Brexit risks weakening these rights in UK and further afield. V important to give platform to this @ ⁦#PeoplesVoteMarch @LGBTIintergroup⁩ ⁦@RainbowRose_PES⁩ ⁦@LGBTLabour⁩ ⁦@ILGAEurope⁩ 
So proud of Remainers everywhere!'Over 700,000 protesters' demand Final Say on Brexit in second largest protest in UK this century  
Labour's Brexit Policy is crystal clear:• A Customs Union• Single Market Access• No Hard Border in Eire• Frictionless Trade• Accept EU standards• No priority on US trade deal• Guarantee all EU citizens rights• Skills based immigration system• Tariff Free access 
This whole thing of encouraging the audience to boo the expert is exactly what has got us to Brexit and where we are today. #Strictly 
EU flag waving Britons rejecting a future outside Europe packed the heart of London for an anti-Brexit protests organisers said drew more than half a million people  
Serious question Caroline as I admire your politics. Are you happy marching with people who built the bridges to brexit and blamed the sick, the vulnerable for the bankers crisis? Solidarity   
DUP Slams ‘Despicable, Low, and Rotten’ Irish PM for Using IRA Terror as Brexit Leverage  
The fact that MPs are discussing another referendum semi-openly is a sign of how worried she should be  
Matthew Cooke⁩ of ⁦@CommunityUnion⁩ says: “Brexit in its guise is no good for jobs, no good for workers’ rights and no good for people’s finances. It is the duty of the union to fight to get better deals for our workers.” #PeoplesVoteMarch 
“I am very worried about the future for my children & grandchildren. That’s true for all of us angry grannies.” Granddads too, believe me. #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch  
David husband of @suehard Voted Leave. Felt the EU was undemocratic. Very sorry he voted that way now he understands the impact Brexit will have. Wants a #FinalSayForAll #BrexitIsPersonal #RemainerNow #FSFABeehive 
#euflagmafia were proud to be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch And to have redecorate 60 bridges with flags. There were #bollockstobrexit stickers everywhere.Brexit will fail.keep engaging, keep pushing. #FBPE 
Cameron, Brexit and England at its superficial worst - Me in @ObserverUK 
This does rather encapsulate Brexit.  
Brexit Game Theory - the negotiation endgame as a Prisoners Dilemma heading for a non cooperative mutually disadvantageous No Deal, says Bruegel European think tank:  
Did the Tories meet Labour's tests for Brexit?We'll give you a clue: Nope. They've spent more time arguing with themselves than getting a good deal for our country.Take a look  
Emily Thornberry:"The Tories are incapable of delivering on Brexit - which is why we need a General Election!""If we have to leave the EU, then we should do it by being in 'a' Customs Union, and then have a 'Free-trade agreement' grafted on top" #Sensible 
 Endless cruel Austerity Universal Credit in shambles A disastrous No Deal Brexit Climate Change Rampant Billionaire tax cheating National Debt doubledSeriously Theresa May - enough with the feckin' fields #Labour #ForTheMany  
Danny Dyer: What's happened to that 'Tw*t' David Cameron who called Brexit on?"He called all this on, and how come he can scuttle off?""He should be held to account for it!"#marr #ridge  #newsnight 
That’s a pretty disingenuous interpretation. The politicians have been trying to do Brexit - but sensible versions were ruled out by political hardliners... and now they’ve gotten themselves stuck. 
We are delighted to be represented at the @Tatler Women of the Year awards tonight along with members of  and @repealeight, who we worked so closely with during the referendum campaign! What a year it has been for women in Ireland!  #WOTYA2018 #Wotya18 #freesafelegal 
I was amongst those who marched against the illegal war in #Iraq, and I also voted for "Remain" #Brexit. However, you will never see me marching behind "war criminals" #Blair #Campbell. I stand behind men of peace and integrity  #Galloway #Corbyn. 
Boy are the Corbynistas on the defensive tonite. I've no prob w Corbyn's policies ex his collaboration w far right project called Brexit. I hope he didn't have cotton wool in his ears today defending Chilean rights while >700k marched on the streets of London to save our country. 
The #BREXIT Game: #negotiations are beginning to look like a “prisoners’ dilemma”, where both parties have an incentive to be uncooperative, risking an outcome that would be unfavourable for all. @mariademertzis & @viegi_nic #EUCO #eucouncil #Brexiters  
I flew from Geneva to London today. If I had known you were there, I'd have hunted you down like Liam Neeson in Taken and dragged you to where you should have been today - the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Stop this utter lunacy and oppose Brexit. 
Remarkable the opposition leader hasn’t acknowledged up to 1% of the country’s population marching in the capital against Brexit. Maybe he would have if it was about some irrelevant area of 1980s international politics 
“But we're not marching for Remain, we're marching for a second referendum.”And if we lose that one too, a third. And so on.   
Arguably Mr Corbyn's time was better spent here today than on some other jolly nice day out in the sunshine after which people can go back to their cosseted lives while the rest of us navigate the tightrope that existed well before #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The next few weeks will be decisive for the outcome of Brexit and for Theresa May’s own future  
The Great Brexit Bake-Off...LEAVER: I want an omelette.REMAINER: Right. It’s just we haven’t got any eggs.LEAVER: Yes, we have. There they are. [HE POINTS AT A CAKE]REMAINER: They’re in the cake.LEAVER: Yes, get them out of the cake, please... 
I never thought I would see 500,000 to 1,000,000 people on the streets of London supporting the European Union. Well done, Brexit. Look what you've achieved. A European Britain. For that, I thank you #StopBrexit 
#PeoplesVoteMarch      700,000Nigel Farage - Harrowgate 1,200#Brexit is now well past itsUse By Date #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #Remain option 
Today in Geneva I spoke to UN Commissioner @mbachelet about workers’ rights and human rights.The Tories want to use Brexit for a race to the bottom in standards. Labour will transform a failed system to deliver better jobs and rights for UK workers and communities.  
Disgraceful but not surprising that the Europhile BBC is parroting these far-fetched and implausible figures:  #Brexit 
Hundreds of thousands of protesters attended a 'People's Vote' rally in London today demanding a final say on any Brexit deal. @beverleyturner asks: Is this actually going to make any difference? 
You once told me we were all Brexiteers now & should roll behind Brexit. To me it's a flawed selfish & destructive policy which will weaken  UK & EU and reverse decades of building a supranational project together. The UK electorate deserve #PeoplesVote to give #InformedConsent 
So who is behind the mysterious "Mainstream Network", not listed in the UK and pushing for a No Deal Brexit? Is it a friend of the UK? Or perhaps a country wishing the UK ill? If you're honest, why hide yourself?   
Today, an estimated 700,000 people marched on the streets of London, calling for a people's vote on Brexit. If you believe in our cause, help us fight for it   
This is when a referendum is really called for.  
Also in the prime time news of @ZDFheute @Stammi “Ending the Brexit nightmare.“@Anna_Soubry “This is turning into an incredible chaos.After more than 2 years of negotiations our government still doesn't know what kind of Brexit they want.There is only one solution a #PeoplesVote 
Neither, Tim, neither. I suppose, since Brexit is going so well, that your humour is born of confidence? 
Can anyone who believes in a @peoplesvote_uk please contact their MP. We all need a vote on the final #Brexit deal 
RACIST MAN REFUSES TO SIT NEXT TO  ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN on @Ryanair flight calling victim an UGLY BLACK BASTARD and Ryanair - DOES NOTHING!!!   #Racist#ryanair#racehate#Brexit#BrexitBritain pic.twitter.com/Lf1WorNbdZ 
How Labour spent today. Abbott built support for a march against fascism on November 17, Corbyn flew to Geneva to discuss Chile, McDonnell plugged a meeting on October 20 to discuss fascism, Thornberry went to Crawley and had a "good discussion" about Brexit. 
Worst thing about May's premiership now is that no one believes her or trusts her anymore. How can she deliver brexit in that circumstance? @LiamFox @PennyMordaunt @OwenPaterson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BorisJohnson 
The poison in the British political bloodstream's been on display today - Left and Right saying snide things about a big demo of democracy. Not sure about a second referendum myself, but we've seen something invigorating that a lot of ordinary ppl care about. Good for them. 
#PeoplesVoteMarch Over 700k people marched today. One had stickers on her jacket with the names of people who wanted to come but couldn't. About 20 stickers. People like my 83-year-old mum who's cracked a rib. This march shows there are millions & millions furious about Brexit. 
Dear Fellow #Patriots The judge about #Grooming gang: "Pure Evil"Greatest common divisor: According to their IDEOLOGY this is 'normal' OK Britain, your next #Brexit march against violence to your children? Faces names naming and shaming  
French fisherman says Brexit will 'bankrupt him' if EU vessels are kicked out of UK waters  
TAKING TO THE STREETS: Tens of thousands of protesters marched through central London on Saturday to demand a new referendum on Britain's departure from the European Union.  
“Senior Brexiteer” thinks the result of a second referendum would bin Brexit  
Posting dark ads for which the source of their funding is concealed must be made a criminal offence. #PeoplesVote #brexit  
Facebook hired Britain's former Deputy Prime Minister, an arch-globalist committed to overturning Brexit, as its global communications chief.  
There was a referendum, I voted remain. But the referendum was decided, however flawed. What do we do? Keep repeating it until one side gets the desired result, and divide this country even further?This is the Tories' baby, let them deal with it. Had a glorious walk instead. 
So why don’t you take up your seats in Parliament with the single purpose of putting a stop to Brexit?  
Will fight to the bitter end against the Brexit madness which has taken possession of this country. The Brextremists have deceived the electorate so we must have a rethink and demand the right to a #PeoplesVote #C4PV 
DianeCorbyn was not at the march because Labour policy is to call for a General Election rather than a 2nd referendum. However, Labour has not ruled out a 2nd referendum If anyone calls one - as we both hope - it will be Corbyn.Not Umunna Not SoubryNot CableNot any Tory  
Truly creepy display from @jeremycorbyn, running away to hide from #peoplevotemarch in case someone realises he wants you the most damaging Brexit possible, so that he can then impose a communist government on UK once Brexit tears the country apart. A useless man, & hypocrite. 
Back home now after a huge day out marching for a People’s Vote with 700,000 others of all political persuasions, united though in the belief that Brexit shouldn’t proceed without the informed consent of the people. Great to walk with the growing ⁦@conservative4pv⁩ group. 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon  
In a taxi. Cabbie (Pakistani FYI) is VERY  Brexit. We had a brief, awkward chat about #PeoplesVoteMarch then both switched to ‘WHAT a lovely sunny day though!’ #britishInnit 
You guys really are desperate. You give a raving Scexiteer a platform in the hope of reversing Brexit. Use your brain please.  
It’s the emperors new clothes: No one dare admit Brexit cannot be implemented. Meanwhile Tory and Labour parties disintegrate. Fresh start needed with fresh politicians. 
Hypocrite Gina Miller claims that her plan is for the second referendum to be a final voteBut lying Remainers said that before the 2016 EU referendumSo, she and they would ape the EU by making us vote again and again until we vote the way they want 
Look at all the creativity and joy personified in the #PeoplesVoteMarch Brexit is a UKIP agenda & Farage & co turned their back on the Ode to Joy on the first day of the current legislature when an orchestra played live in the European Parliament  
700k European Brits marched today on the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Brexit is not in our name and was narrowly won on lies & illegality. Under the U.K.-signed Vienna convention, there must be a new referendum.   forever.  
Heart rending stuff. Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Fishermen are entrepreneurs in every sense - resilient, hard working and self reliant. #Brexit was their chance at renewal.We cannot let them be betrayed by the Establishment.  
FSFA returns to site of its 1st #FSFABeehive in London after the #PeoplesVoteMarch They're not finished; they're telling how #BrexitIsPersonal to them. Each story is different, each story has a theme of how damaging Brexit isFollow @FinalSayForAll for details of future events. 
Well done to all who came today from far and wide to show strength of feeling on #Brexit and our country's future  
The most popular chant? “Bollocks to Brexit.”  
Huge crowds marched through central London on Saturday demanding a referendum on the terms of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union next year.  
I am bored of saying itCorbyn. Is. Not. A. Brexiteer.He says he is a Remainer and his actions since leader bear that outHe supported Art 50 on grounds of democracy He & Starmer then opposed Tory Brexit tooth and nailHe is 7 out of 10 in favour of EU. Seems about right  
More than ‘half a million’ march in London for People’s Vote on Brexit, supporters say 
Isn’t it funny- the UK is now probably the most  well versed country in Europe on European policy and also the most pro EU country in Europe - give it up Jacob -nobody wants Brexit - it’s undeliverable and out of fashion . Brexit offers no tangible benefits -#remain #peoplesvote 
What’s the will of the people now? Only a @peoplesvote_uk on the final #Brexit deal can tell us!  
I joined the #PeoplesVoteMarch today with Burke's words in mind 'it is necessary only for the good man to do nothing for evil to triumph'. Brexit/Trump are about the evil undermining of the multilateral institutions built since 1945. We owe the next generation better than this 
This summer @FRANCE24 asked FFL to help tell our fishermens story"In the end I'd enough quota for 2 days. That meant bankruptcy or sell"60% of our resources to the EU devastated British fishingForcing many to sell, heartrendingly to EU flagships#Brexit & fair shares vital  
"Brexit will hit the vulnerable the hardest, for the longest. We stand together – we demand a People’s Vote so we can stop the Brexit catastrophe" @CarmenRiaSmith of Plaid Ifanc #PeoplesVoteMarch representing @Plaid_Cymru and @FFSake_ Here's what she said. 
I usually reserve my anger for the politicians & media who have perpetrated the crime against the U.K. which is Brexit, but today I’m fuming at the utter bollocks being levelled at those who took to the streets to #StopBrexit at the #PeoplesVoteMarch. 1/2 
Well, I think I’m wiser than you. Do you really think the Tories are going to abandon Brexit? That’s just not going to happen. The ONLY hope, like it or not, is a change of government. Knocking Corbyn just makes Brexit MORE likely, and a no deal Brexit at that. 
EVEN IF MARCH had been half a million, I was told 1,200,  nothing like 17.4 million who voted for #Brexit, so total waste of time.  Most unpleasant ppl leading them, Chuka/Sadiq/Soubry/Geldof none of them exactly popular    @borisjohnson #borisjohnson 
I voted Leave and would still vote Leave if the 2016 EU Referendum were tomorrow.Voting to Leave the European Union doesn't make anyone less European, in fact people will be the same level of European after Brexit as they were before the EU existed.#StandUp4Brexit #LosersMarch 
If the people's vote consortium think that another referendum will sort out this sh*t storm of a negotiation then they're saddly mistaken, the sh*t storm is brewing and I do genuinely fear a backlash. 
Most Brexiter MPs only realised after Chequers that there was a plan to perpetrate a fake Brexit.In defence, this has been clear since Sept 2017.That sellout actually dates to before Nov 2016 when we first showed ministers were agreeing further political integration in defence. 
So tell me... if #Brexit truly is "the people's will" -- what does any Brexiteer have to fear from a People's Vote? 
Today’s demonstration has totally convinced me that we should have a #PeoplesVote...Just kidding. It’s made me even more determined to ensure unhinged Remoaners do not succeed in destroying democracy and we get the hardest Brexit possible.  #LosersMarch #LosersVote 
Campaigners claim that half a million people marched through London today to call for a second Brexit vote.  
#brexitThe most ingenious placard that I saw at the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. 
So @kezdugdale has marched today in London today for a #PeoplesVote re Brexit, presumably because she thinks circumstances have changed. Yet she won't support #IndyRef2 which also saw a change in circumstances. #Hypocrisy 
“700,000 demand fresh Brexit Vote.” Enough said. #PeoplesVoteMatch #PeoplesVote 
UK, Quartz analysis:Largest protests in UK's history 1. Stop the War” protest against the Iraq War (2003): 750,0002. Anti-Brexit "People’s Vote" protest (today): 670,0003. "Liberty and Livelihood" protest (2002): 400,000#Brexit #EuropeanUnion #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit march: '700,000' protesters walk through London  
With SNP leader giving support for People's Vote let's hope this courtesy can be returned with support for #indyref2 - Scotland's priority and first in the referendum Q  
The objective is to deliver minimal Brexit, ie virtual Remain, then rejoin as soon as possible.  
"I believe those who promised what will never be delivered will have much to answer for," John Mayor says of Brexit."They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer. That will never be forgotten - nor forgiven." 
For my British friends & colleagues- the headlines in Ireland tonight are all about the #PeoplesMarchVote If you want unbiased facts about the catastrophe that is #Brexit I suggested you turn off the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation  & turn in to @rte Well done to all who marched x 
Westminster pubs are overrun with Remainers tonight. It's brilliant. What's striking is the mood: it's the mood of people who feel they're winning, not losing. Brexit really is bollocks, and really isn't a done deal. In fact there was never a less done deal. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Please RT far and wide if you agree with this statement:THE UK DOES NOT WANT #BREXIT#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote@theresa_may@jeremycorbyn@PhilipHammondUK 
I am equally sincere in my belief that a second referendum would deepen divisions in our country and offer an opening to extremists. So I will not support it under any circumstances. 
So Vote Leave broke the Law but get away with it? The referendum result is totally unreliable but we're going ahead anyway? It doesn't sound like democracy to me. 
Some highlights of a superb day of anti-#Brexit action. If @theresa_may doesn’t listen to us we will keep coming back in larger and larger numbers until not just London, but the whole country is brought to a standstill. We’re mad as hell and we aren’t going to take this anymore. 
It must be awful to be an ineffectual intellectual. There is no conundrum , only a confected problem dreamt up to stop Brexit.  
The #PeopleVote March might have been the largest demonstration since the 2003 protest against the Iraq War. A promising sign for our moribund democracies at the time of #Brexit  
Great to be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. 700,000 people marched to demand a stop to this chaotic Tory Brexit. No one voted to be poorer two years ago! @peoplesvote_uk 
It’s entirely possible to be against @campbellclaret’s stance on Iraq 15 years ago, and yet recognise that he’s totally correct on the clusterfuck that is #brexit.Indeed I reckon the vast majority of @UKLabour supporters would agree.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
#PeoplesMarchVote latest total is over 700,000 turnout whilst at Farage's pro-Brexit rally the turnout was 1,200. People really want a say in Brexit, whether it is for May's deal, a no deal or for Remain. We do not want to blindly follow the politicians who have messed things up 
Biggest scandal of today’s otherwise uplifting People’s March: where on god’s green acres was Jeremy Corbyn? He and Seamas Milne better come up with a dazzling excuse for ignoring 700,000 people, many of whom would probably like to vote Labour to get rid of Brexit. 
Hundreds of thousands of people have marched through London to demand that the British government holds a public vote on the terms of Brexit  
“Both sides of the community are united in their opposition to Brexit”- what a bare faced lie. The opposition to Brexit is coming exclusively from within nationalism in the form of the SDLP, Alliance & SF  
Thousands are out in the streets of London demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal as EU talks stall.  
Marching in London today with Dominic Grieve MP, Lord Willetts and many others campaigning for a people’s vote on the final terms of any Brexit deal. Over 700,000 people are believed to have attended #PeoplesVoteMarch including @conservative4pv #C4PV 
"You would be a very unwise MP if you weren't looking at this and realising"@AnnaSoubry demands a second referendum #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Huge crowds marched through central London on Saturday demanding a referendum on the terms of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union next year.  
Inspired by the 700,000 on #PeoplesVoteMarch and want to join our campaign to ensure #Labour backs a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain?Please take 60 seconds to sign up to our mailing list and join our movement.#Brexit is not inevitable  
Three quarters of a million people on the streets of London today & the media are still saying there’s no shift in opinion.They’re lying. The people don’t want Brexit now they know what it means.#peoplesvote #stopbrexitsavebritain 
Today’s marches attendance anti brexit estimated at 700000 and pro brexit March 1200 LOLLLLLLL 
Not to mention the fact that the most democratic nations make a point of holding confirmatory referendum - see Switzerland. No brainer. 
Today's #PeoplesVoteMarch showed that the #PeoplesVote campaign us a major force in UK politics.  @DanielZeichner @heidiallen75 @lucyfrazermp @JDjanogly @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer take heed and give the UK a vote on any #Brexit deal with the option to stay in the EU!  
It was a non-binding advisory referendum which should have gone to parliament for debate and vote, instead the result was treated as a binding referendum and put straight into policy. Add in a barrage of lies, overspending and Russian influence and there's plenty to question. 
Jesus Christ James you take the frigging biscuit. He isn't in power to stop it ffs! Try attacking the governments handling of Brexit, or does a Tory govt actually suit you!  
More Remainer Lies.Despite multiple, unverified, "estimates" of 700,000 - 1,000,000 #peoplesvote marchers, the actual number was closer to 150,000 - 250,000. Nothing has changed. We leave the EU on March 29th 2019, there will be no second referendum.#StillLosing #FBPE 
The sea of blue & gold I saw today screamed anti brexit & anti Britain That’s what the #PeoplesVote represents. Shame on all who wandered around aimlessly in blue & gold. You should #BelieveInBritain & drop the bollocks to Brexit.  
500k apparently at Westminster for anti-Brexit protest. @NicolaSturgeon spoke by video-link. But would a re-run just leave  outvoted again?  
We came and we made ourselves heard - students say no to this Brexit mess. proud to be part of this movement today with @OxfordStudents @FFSake_ @nusuk 
There were 1.7m who marched against Iraq and you totally ignored them. Why should we take any notice of 500,000 marchers now given 33m voted in the Referendum?  
I don’t know whether to be more impressed by the size of the crowd, or the fact the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation have reported it this time! Bloody well done #PeoplesMarchVote and thank you to those who were able to go 
Amazing day with over 700,000 people marching to demand a say on the final Brexit deal. Great to see people from all over the UK and all walks of life coming together to stop this chaotic Tory #Brexit. Democracy in action!  
So much more important to commemorate Jez’s youthful triumphs than to be with 80%+ of Labour supporters fighting Brexit, eh? Honestly, who does he think he’s kidding - and at 4% behind the Tories in the polls - ! Wake up Labour, he’s a liability to all of us.  
So the consensus is that the U.K. don’t want another Referendum they want matters settled now.It’s time to leave the EU.Let’s get on with it.  
I will admit that I voted to leave, and my reasons were plentiful. However, given what we know now, of all the lies we were told, and the very fact that the man who actually gave us the referendum fucked off. The field of play of which we voted has completely changed. 
Iconic British strawberries still going strong into late October. This sector has been a phenomenal success story for British food shoppers. If sense prevails on seasonal workers there is an enormous opportunity to grow more post Brexit  
Today I marched for a #peoplesvote with @peoplesvote_uk against a hard and vicious Brexit. Britain can’t go forwards if we’re going backwards and Brexit is backwards.  
In the last year no fewer than 75 official polls were carried out on #Brexit. Out of those 75, only 2 showed a lead for #leave. Our politicians have simply run out of excuses. Public opinion has changed. WE MUST NOT LEAVE THE EU. The British people unequivocally reject it. 
Not all Brexit voters are members of the EDL, but all members of the EDL voted Brexit. 
As Labour leader, Corbyn’s job is to represent the views of the party. Members overwhelmingly oppose Brexit. One of the largest UK marches in decades took place today. His silence on it is negligent. Even just from the view of highlighting the incompetence of the govt. 
Young, old and everyone inbetween, a fantastic peaceful protest, time to give the people a voice again. Whitehall was stickered @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesMarchVote #brexit  
Media in France, Spain and Germany have all reported on the #PeoplesMarchVote, hopefully this will make our stance on Brexit clear to those in the European Union. May does not represent us. 
Remainers claim that the so-called People's Vote is a vote on the final deal.Problem with that claim is the moment a Remain option is included, it ceases being a vote on the terms and becomes a second In/Out Referendum.How many banners at #PeoplesMarch saying "Stop Brexit". 
So, further *pondering*....There's been a march for a 2nd referendum, but what happens *if* a 2nd referendum produces the same outcome? Is there another march and a call for a 3rd referendum? Best out of 3?Or should we just go for a #GeneralElection to sort this out?#Remain 
"It's not good for our children's future and I just think we need a rethink"Hundreds of thousands of people join protest in London calling for referendum on final #Brexit deal  [tap video to expand] 
. @theresa_may You may want check the will of the people again. When this many people go to the trouble of protesting they’re generally on the right side of history. They’re trying to give you a way out of the mess your party has made of Brexit. I suggest you take it.  
London today - it’s really so important to get out and make your voice heard. Whether it’s climate change, plastic pollutants, Brexit,  whatever - young or old your voice matters and will make a difference!  
Hundreds of thousands of people rallied in central London on Saturday to call for a new referendum on Brexit — including the capital city's mayor  
And now Parliamentarians must be pressured even harder to fight for a first referendum without cheating. A referendum that is truthful, and not won by breaking the law. A referendum that doesn’t perpetuate hatred and deceit. 
Second most attended demonstration of the century. Wow! That's revolutionary. Let's March!#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch#Brexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
Total disgrace that Jeremy Corbyn doesn't even have anything to say about 650,000 people marching against #Brexit. The real question about Corbyn is no longer Where, but Why and What the hell is he for? 
Hello, you pound shop Wooster. You yourself suggested it would be a good idea to have a second referendum once the final deal was done.  
Brilliant Peoples Vote demo with 700,000 normal people who can see that the Empress is wearing no clothes.  It’s looking more than ever that the game is up for the crazy Brexit idea. Peoples Vote is Tories’ only escape route.  
On a personal level, as a Corbyn supporter who went on the march because I want a 2nd referendum (which I describe as the least-worst-option we now have) I am getting heat from multiple directions! I think that there are no good ways forward from where the Tories have brought us 
I’m in there - somewhere. Very proud, uplifting & sobering experience. Conclusion : Brexit is a heist by those whose bank accounts will flourish. The Everyman Brexit voter has been conned. God help us all. @guyverhofstadt you can help us. Please  
Shame you weren’t with us today @OwenJones84 - despair won’t help us fight a Tory #Brexit and prevent further austerity... @LabPeoplesVote @Another_Europe @Remain_Labour were out in force in the #LabourBloc 
David Cameron’s memoirs have apparently been delayed again. Perhaps he’s having trouble finding an appropriate title?Here’s a suggestion: “Shredding Britain: How a Mad Gamble on Brexit Destroyed the UK’s Future, and Integrity.”⁦@David_Cameron⁩ 
350 million went on the #PeoplesVoteMarch. One for each of the 350 million lies on the fascist Farage's red bus. If each one paid £1, they could pay Britain's EU contributions for a week. #Brexit isn't worth it.  
A year ago I started working with @carolecadwalla & @chrisinsilico to tell my story: the truth about Brexit - about its illegality and corruption. Seeing 700,000 protesters in the flesh made these past gruelling months seem almost worth the struggle. A proud moment for us all.  
I'm a Brit living in Britain. I'm furious about Trump, (& Brexit) & need to find my tribe so I don't feel so scared about what's happening. I want to make a difference & have a voice. Also, I'm a hoot.#FBRparty#resistPlease;1. Like 2. Follow3. RetweetI'll follow back. 
If the Save Brexit gang think Brexit is still popular why don't they hold a march. Let's see how many people turn up. 
LOL1. Lying about the numbers2. 17.4m already voted to leave3. “We can win this” means subvert democracy & stop #Brexit from taking place4. She wants another referendum because the first one didn’t come up with the answer she wanted#LosersDayOut 
EU citizens! 20 million went on the #PeoplesVoteMarch. How do we know? George Soros has shown us the ticket receipts for the buses he paid for. Brexit is finished.  
I campaigned for Remain, I don't like Brexit, I'd vote Remain against despite all my huge problems with the current EU.But some of those marching today are going to learn that those with power can and will ignore protests. Just ask some of the people marching alongside you. 
Ffs stop picking fights with people ostensibly on your side. Now‘s the time to accept that the majority of your party and most sensible people want to end this Brexit farce and it’d be massively helpful to have you onside 
If you laid on free buses from here to John o'groats you'd be hard pushed to get a pro #brexit march 1/10 of the size of this.Yet we're not represented by the Tories or even, despite the members best efforts, by Labour, who are essentially siding with them#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brilliant , fabulous support for @peoplesvote_uk anti- Brexit march. Whatever horrors our ghastly pro- Brexit politicians ( pro themselves) chuck at us now, we are LEGION and very passionate. @theresa_may don’t mess with us. 
700,000 top estimate for the second referendum march today. That’s 4.95% of those who voted remain who turned up to ask for a second referendum. There’s that huge swell of support! Lol 
The way I see it the only way remain could win a second referendum would be by being honest about major issues of EU and insisting that it’s the UKs  historic role to lead Europe. Talking about mobile phone tariffs or how great Juncker is would see ‘Leave’ win by bigger margin> 
Amazing!New estimates suggest some 700,000 people are marching in Central #London demanding a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal/no deal! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
False promises helped fuel the Brexit vote. Now they’re obscuring new dangers (via @bopinion) 
Fantastic turnout of @LibDems at today’s #PeoplesVoteMarch “Theresa May’s not strong and stable, exit Brexit with @vincecable” #PeoplesVote #ExitfromBrexit 
The Government said they would implement the decision of the 1975 referendum too. Remember that? The one where 67% of voters chose to unite with Europe. Democracy doesn't end. But our future shouldn't be decided by a vote sullied by deception & corruptionWe need a PeoplesVote 
Mr Corbyn, ‘Leader’ of the ‘Opposition,’ went to Geneva today to support something to do with Chile. Today. The day that 3/4million people from all over the country, and some from other parts of our Europe, came to demand a say on Brexit. Hiding away. Dodger Jez. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit Explained  
.@Telegraph cartoon#Brexit #plasticpollution #Chequers 
Incredible. Alastair Campbell just told the BBC that the only options on a 'public vote' ballot paper should be Theresa May's deal -v- Remain. In other words, those who want a clean Brexit won't even be given an option. Does anyone now really doubt what this is really about? 
I support the people's right to have another vote on Brexit, but what I find it hard to get my head around is the number of politicians involved with the movement that will happily tell Scotland that they're against us having the same opportunity. #Indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion 
And it has shown that there is more passionate will for the UK to #Remain in the #EU than there is for #Brexit. #Leave simply cannot, and have not, motivated this level of public support. #Farage may bribe a few into a scruffy pub with the offer of a free beer, but that's it. 
And if I were May or the Brexiteers I'd be worried because far from fading into the background the anti Brexit movement has clearly grown in size and demographic and critically - people willing to pull on their boots and get out there. Take heed @UKLabour 
#brexitCertainly starting to look that way. Think back to just after she was put in post by @Conservatives MPs. Seeming flurries of activity but no real info. Eventually, periodic vacuous speeches, conveying nothing of value. Then the sellout #ChequersPlan.  We've been played :/ 
Britain has 670,000 people in the streets today, protesting Brexit. We aren't angry enough yet. Maybe voting will make our point. Maybe. I hope. 
'Half million' rally in London for new Brexit vote...  
Though vote was won on lies, illegal overspending, & gerrymandering, one of most remarkable pluses about Brexit is that UK has arguably become most passionately pro-EU country, & has best informed population with regard to what EU is about.Respect to everyone on #PeoplesVoteMarch 
We sent a message to the world today.The people of the UK are still fighting the takeover by the far right. We are not going away. We only grow. We will never surrender. The next march will be even bigger.We keep going until Brexit is stopped. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit could signal the end of the British union #PeopesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote 
Thousands of anti-Brexit campaigners march through LondonWe’ve already had the People’s Vote 17.4MILLION turned up to Vote in The Referendum  
Codswallop.  The Iraq War was decided by a clear decisive vote in favour in the House - Tory Front Bench gung-ho (only 16 of us Tory MPs voted against). Parliament now totally unable to decide on Brexit - so @peoplesvote_uk is the right way forward.  Well done all marchers today. 
At the start of the EU Referendum campaign it was a fair contest, I thought. But, as time progressed, and ProjectFear1 kicked in, I thought hey, this is getting nasty. Then came the £9m Tory govt-funded pro-Remain leaflet, and I said WHAT?We won the Referendum fair and square. 
 Over half a million demand #FinalSay on Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Looking forward to Brexit now after seeing the #PeoplesVoteMarch attendees on the tube. 
Soubry also had the chance to vote against Brexit but she chose to save the neck of May. Cannot be trusted. Typical Tory. 
Fantastic turnout from @UKLabour supporters at the #PeoplesVoteMarch  700,000 people marched today  for a public vote on the Brexit deals. @TulipSiddiq @CamdenLabour @peoplesvote_uk 
Truly moving to see so many young faces today at the #PeoplesVoteMarch - they know they are being robbed of something precious. Nearly 2 million younger voters today had no voice in 2016 - surely, given all we now know, they deserve a say on their own future? #EndTheChaos #Brexit  
The EU is plotting to force the UK to follow EU tax policies years after Brexit. Hammond would probably agree. More reason to leave without a deal. 
TDs like Marc McSharry who refuse to legislate in accordance with the wishes of the electorate as expressed in the referendum should resign.  
A simple message to Parliament.Push the button to enable a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. Let we the people vote on the facts of Brexit and decide if we still want it before the point of no return next March.#peoplesvotemarch 
Here's the Battle of Britain on Westminster Embankment - defaced today by the sad bitter losers of the 2016 Referendum. They are a disgrace pic.twitter.com/0nFjS7xqfb 
Nicola Sturgeon nails it. If Jeremy Corbyn took a similar stand we'd be looking at end of Brexit + the Tory govt. What are Labour thinking?  
Political significance of today's huge #PeoplesVoteMarch not (just) size but timing: with Brexit talks stalled & politicians, inc Brexiters, completely at odds with each other abt how to proceed. If Brexit was proceeding confidently & competently impact wd have been much less. 
This is just the latest example of far more serious and detailed reporting on and analysis of the implications of Brexit for Northern Ireland appearing in the continental European media than in much of the British.  
I'm not saying this is the worst thing about this whole Brexit mess, but I won't stand for this sort of slander and misinformation.FOUR. NUMBER. ONE. SINGLES. Literally, the most successful solo Spice Girl. Check your lipstick before you come for Geri.  
I'm getting slightly tired of having to explain why another referendum would not be undemocratic. Here's an article that explains why, so I don't have to keep doing so #StopBrexit@tompeck 
You missed the boat today Jeremy...wrong side of history again.Your chances are slipping away with your votes...There's no such thing as #Lexit if you're not in power.ALL versions of #Brexit will be Tory!#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #Remain option 
Nearly 700,000 people march against #Brexit & in favour of a #PeoplesVote in #London, 1,200 attend a #Leave event in #Harrogate (a town which voted #Remain...) & @BBCNews give them equal coverage. Meanwhile many #Brexiters still claim BBC is "pro Remain"  
WE VOTED BREXIT! That’s the democratic choice! I’m not even a politician and I know more than @SadiqKhan  
Brief discussion with some Leavers at Victoria Station which had started with them shouting “Brexit!  Brexit!” at me as I was draped in my UK/EU flag ended in me being asked if I would like to have their babies?I don’t know if that’s #RemainerNow or not?!  
People's Vote march: '700,000' rally for new Brexit referendum – live  
Khan should be building a strong post Brexit future for London. Instead he's an activist against democracy and the will of the  people. Throw these useless politicians out.  
'What can be more democratic, more British, than trusting the judgement of the British people?' - @SadiqKhan addresses @peoplesvote_uk march, as organisers say 670,000 people took part in rally calling for referendum on final Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon - The Independent.   #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
It's always pick on Corbyn, he didn't put the referendum to the country, Cameron did then ran away, now we have an even more useless PM who will fail to get the best deal for the UK, and no doubt that will be Corbyn's fault too 
If people's vote were out there demanding a referendum on Efta membership I would be out there with them. But they lack that kind of pragmatism and vision. #Brexit 
My lovely Mum and Dad couldn’t make #PeoplesVoteMarch today but sent me this in solidarity NB they live in “the North”, vote @UKLabour , come from working class families going back generations - and still think #Brexit is bonkers! #FinalSayForAll @peoplesvote_uk @LabPeoplesVote 
We are an absolute laughing stock - total incompetence with Brexit and we protect those who want to destroy our society plus we house them and give them benefits to live off - something is very very wrong with our system 
Great anti Brexit presence out today #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I might have some time or respect for the People's March if they didn't do this. As it stands, I'm happy to label them all comfortable middle class dipshits who view the Brexit as a set of divorcing parents because their political understanding is childlike  
600,000 people went on the #PeopesVote march today. The leave majority in the June 2016 EU membership referendum was 1,369,501. 635,000 voters would have changed the result. Today’s march equalled that difference @Labour4EU @RCorbettMEP @euromove 
 Huge crowds marched central London today demanding a referendum on the terms of the UK’s exit from the EU next year.#PeopleVoteMarch 
November 6 is a referendum on the #caravan, @POTUS correctly says last night in #Arizona:#TeaParty #TrumpInAZ #TrumpTrain2018 #Midterms2018 #MAGA #tcot #GOP 
Dominic Grieve says he would accept the outcome of a second referendum if the result was again to leave. Very generous considering he hasn’t accepted it the first time. Hypocrite. 
Fair report of PV march itself. But amazed that tiny pro-Brexit event in Harrogate + Farage quotes considered a part of *this* particular Brexit story. Concluding line that UK still v divided no doubt true, but imp that this is demonstrated by 2 v diff scale events misleading.  
If the figures are to be believed (bucket of salt). 700,000 people attended the #LosersMarch in London today.16,141,241 voted Remain in 2016. So that means Remain have lost 15.4 million supporters.11,334,226 voted Conservative in 2015 to gain the EU referendum.#StandUp4Brexit 
Today we stood up for our members and our patients, who deserve a final say on the Brexit Deal #PeoplesVoteMarch  
All those Tory and Labour MPs, committed to a catastrophic #Brexit , did you hear the hundreds of thousands of voices on the #PeoplesVoteMarch ? They demand better than a job-culling, influence-destroying, isolating #BrexitThey demand a #PeoplesVote  a chance to #StopBrexit 
Corbyn’s conspicuous absence from the #PeoplesVoteMarch, indeed his diktat that Labour front bench MPs should not attend shows how poor his judgement is. He will not be forgiven for enabling Brexit with the consequent serious loss of jobs in the UK. 
People’s Vote march: Funniest 19 signs from the Brexit protest in London today  #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVote 
'So much of this Brexit “negotiation” process is being run or blocked by people who are not publicly visible,' writes Janet Daley.  
This is probably the best thing I've seen on Brexit. It's simple. Leave failed. We need a #PeoplesVote. RT this far and wide. 
The dead who voted remain in 2016  have been replaced by the young who’ve since grown up & now see the inept corrupt EU for what it is & would inevitably vote leave if there was a second referendum which of course there won’t be 
To those that marched today I salute you. No one voted to be poorer. No one voted to stockpile food and medicine. We need to stop this chaotic #Brexit process and call a #PeoplesVote. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
We all need to reach out to our friends who are Independent or thoughtful Republican women.  The midterms are a referendum on saving our democracy, by placing a check on an out-of-control tyrant.   
Surge in applications for German citizenship linked to Brexit vote.  
See this woman at the front? That's Anna Soubry. The day Remain Tory MPs could have brought the govt down over Brexit, she decided to "give May's plan a chance". I expect Grieve's there too (he opposed his own amendment)  #PeoplesVote - you're being had.  
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:  
Take the upper estimate of how many people were on that march and triple it. That equates to the margin of victory for Leave in 2016. Not such impressive turnout now, is it ?MPs need to take notice of the Referendum result, not Rent a Mob 
Of the people who voted Remain around 9 million were Labour voters. You want a 2nd referendum and are aware of how close the last one was so what do you hope to gain from goading Labour voters? Are you actually a Tory Leaver and want to alienate Labour voters so Leave win again? 
This is the biggest march the UK has seen since the Gulf War:Marchers from all over UK arrive for biggest march in decades for People's Vote on final Brexit deal  via @LondonEconomic 
You are absolutely right.  Why have a referendum on something without having done the research to see what the implications of that vote would be before hand.  Totally agree with you.  That should have been done first.  But it wasn’t, so now we have the cart before the horse.  
You march with people who failed to challenge the austerity narrative (unlike Corbyn) which built the bridges to brexit. Actions speak louder than your hollow words as you try to deflect the blame of a Tory brexit onto #labour 
Today 17,410,742 Leave voters didn’t protest in LondonThey didn’t catch coaches that were paid for in an effort to get them to attend,They didn’t use their children as political pawns,because they didn’t need to because they won the referendum on Leaving the EU on 23 June 2016 
700,000 actually "People's Vote protesters release smoke bombs and brandish banners as 'half a million' march in London demanding second Brexit referendum"  
Been Mis-sold Brexit?  
People's Vote march: Hundreds of thousands attend London protest Long way short of the 17.4 million people who voted for #Brexit 
Thread #PeoplesVoteMarch I am going to say something critical but constructive so please read before attacking me. 1. IMO If the Hundreds of Thousands in attendance at the march today had embraced @EFTA4UK as the legitimate option it is would we have seen off hard Brexit.1/5 
Could all those in favour of Brexit tell me what they thought would be the solution for Irish border before Referendum and what they think it is now? 
How proud I was to be in Parliament Square under the Hove Labour banner today alongside so many committed campaigners for a better future - not a future with less trade and fewer right promised by this shamolic Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
President Nixon, a private citizen, supports the action against "Brexit" today across the United Kingdom. He cautions, however, that the anger must be focused and maintained should "Brexit" occur. - RZ 
Stop TORY brexit   Says it all loonies lefties and millennials 
the 16,141,241 were outvoted in a referendum so they should have the decency to accept the vote and get over it, we are sorry that you lost,, but you did lose, would you want vote after vote if you won? no, game over, we now need to leave as promised by the government 
Demanding another referendum whilst disrespecting the outcome of the 2 you lost and talking about respect?  What a odious cretin you are.  
"There's no plan B".#Brexit with #NoDeal, would be cataclysmic for science and research. 
We set the Tories six tests for Brexit. Did they pass them? Nope.They’ve spent more time squabbling with each other than getting a good deal for our country. Take a look at this   
Brexit Liars #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Any idea that a second referendum would be an affront to democracy died on Saturday afternoon  
The @LibDems have consistently fought against Brexit. Great speech from @vincecable We WILL win our  #PeoplesVote 
So now official from German @tagesschau @karolinkandler “People from all over the country.“ @HueschH “Loud, colourful and many ...sooo many. Hundreds of thousands as many never seen before on a Brexit stunt. People are frustrated and want to take their fate in their own hands.“  
Personally, I think mobs should be standing in front of the White House and halls of Congress, singing this as loud as they can until something changes. 670,000 people are in the streets in London, protesting Brexit, even as we speak! Putin pushed Brexit! 
Love all the #Brexiters with sour grapes over the #PeoplesVoteMarch, trying to talk down the numbers attending and talk up the couple of hundred that attended fartages dismal pro-leave shambles. #Brexit was procured through cheating and we won't be silenced by more #Leave lies. 
I attended the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. Apart from being overwhelmed by the huge size of it I was also overwhelmed by the positive nature of the marchers. Open minded, tolerant, optimistic and joyful. A sharp contrast with Brexit activists.  
Per head of population, Scotland has seven times* as much farmland as England does.Bigger than you thought?* Handy with Brexit coming.  
Just after the EU Referendum here, NZ offered us its best trade negotiators and Australia followed suit. The Malaysians said that we can 'count on' our 'old friend' and, one-by-one, now 45 Non-EU countries said that they want free trade with the UK. Brexit will make Britain boom. 
still nothing about us UK citizens - living and working in EU27 - I was not allowed to vote in the UK referendum but I am still waiting to hear what will happen to me as a single mother with a German national child in school - EU it would be nice to hear? 
If I was in charge, the first three things I’d immediately do: 1. Cancel Brexit 2. Legalise weed 3. Every fucking thing climate change experts told me to do 
My first march ever for anything.... #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #Brexshit #Brexit #bollockstoBrexit pic.twitter.com/xirP6M54pA 
During the Great Debate at the end of the referendum campaign, Sadiq Khan issued a rallying cry to the nation: "if we as a country decide to quit, then we're out for good, there's no going back".RETWEET if you think he should stick to his word!  
When the Government’s own civil servants are relying on reports from the National Audit Office to understand what’s going on in their own departments, we know the Govt is woefully under-prepared for Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Last time there was an anti-Brexit march you had to feed kids in Palestine.You're out of the country whenever this happens, like the kid who never has his homework because of a ravenous dog.Come the hell on Mr "Honest, straight talking politics". You want Brexit. Admit it.  
All the cool cats hanging out in #Westminster today  demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Final #Brexit deal #StopBrexit #WeAreEurope  @sazmeister88 @DaveRowntree 
"It's all a con"Will voted Leave in 2016. He's now calling for a second referendum #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Over 600,000 people march in London for a second Brexit referendum 
People in Belfast also calling for a vote on the final Brexit deal today! From all parts of the UK, today we’re taking a stand to have our voices heard. Northern Ireland will not be the collateral damage of the Brextremists ideology #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Andrew Adonis - 'Brexit is a lie, shrouded in fraud, wrapped in a lie'  
One way of looking at the Brexit negotiations is as a process of trying to unpick a series of stupid red lines laid down by Theresa May in the first six months of her premiership to shoot Ukip’s fox, without much idea what they actually meant at the time 
Fantastic. Do you realise that there is almost half the 4% difference between winning and losing the 2016 referendum attending in London today! Incredible. 
If I work on the assumption your figures are accurate, you are still 16.7 million short of the real peoples vote that happened in 2016. Only 1 in 20 Remain voters have turned up. Time to accept the referendum and respect the result. #PeoplesVoleMarch #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Hundreds of thousands take to streets in London demanding second Brexit vote  
I voted out but now have changed my mind, think we were lied to, #Brexit 
Even a bellend like you must realise that when 670K people mobilise to protest, then it is clearly no longer the will of the people. You had your chance to sell your vision of #Brexit and it has been roundly rejected by the people. 
You have, I think, got the chronology wrong. Nick Timothy’s decision on what type of Brexit we should go for was taken in autumn 16 (see @ShippersUnbound’s book for the details and explanation that it was his decision). 
Dr Mike Galsworthy, from NHS Against Brexit, told BBC News: "Whether you voted leave, or whether you voted remain - when a contract comes back, you do have the right to read the small print and say... ‘no’”  
I actually don’t approve of secret adverts but I wonder why you never investigate millions being funnelled into @peoplesvote_uk by Soros inc. presumably you only care about attacking Brexit  
Lots of bots and trolls out today aren’t there?  some of the #FPBE tweets today are hilarious. I’m with you regarding #Brexit but Corbyn bashing is not the way to resolve the issue. The enemy is in 10 Downing Street .... unless that is you are a #Tory troll #Iseeyou 
If Brexiteers think their precious referendum win is so popular perhaps they'd like to turn their supporters out on the streets of London. Let's see them. And compare. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Why don’t people accept brexit Why don’t people let brexit happen Why don’t people stop whining Why don’t people just accept the outcome Say no to #PeoplesVoteMarch Think we should have a say but we aught to leave with a no deal! 
I apologise to Lord Adonis for using his name as a shorthand. It was a cheap shot, and - as it turns out - an inaccurate one too. Brexit makes fools of us all...  
This notion is very disrespectful. The CA, 8th Committee & Referendum facilitated an intense National debate. 2/3 of people voted to liberalise our laws- the result was decisive. It is our duty as legislators to respect the deliberative democratic process & enact the legislation.  
You are historically wrong Tom. An examination of the sources reveals that May’s Lancaster House speech of 17 Jan 2017, which set out her plan for hard Brexit, predated me saying anything about Brexit. It was her determination to go hard Brexit which precipitated my intervention  
Estimated 670,000 people march in London to demand a second referendum on Brexit (aiming to overturn the last one): Note for Americans: the UK has a smaller population. If this was a US march, an equivalent scale would be 4 million marching in DC. 
Boasting on Lib Dems’ #Yeovil Facebook page today: “On the way to London with Liberal elite, we will stop Brexit.” Clegg, Blair & other Remainers traipsing through Brussels & European embassies to encourage EU’s intransigence has been sickening. What does Paddy say about that?  
You know what would have stopped leave winning the referendum?Not calling the campaign 'Remain'It shouts 'nothing changes', 'status quo'If millions of people were unhappy, why would they vote for more of the same?Calling it 'Reform' would have won#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit is not inevitable. It can be stopped. The Liberal Democrats will continue to demand better than Brexit and campaign to end this national embarrassment. #PeoplesVoteMarch #LibDems 
See when you come up against the absolute fuckwittery of "Brexit will be brilliant because the Queen will retake the empire"? It's not just time to leave the UK, it's time to leave the fucking planet. 
Proud to have spoken at the #PeopleVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk @NE4EU in front of 700,000 people. Time for the people to decide on the final Brexit deal.  
I am happy to have sore feet & backache from attending the #peoplesvotemarch Theresa May can pretend that she didn’t notice but the evidence is there that the tide has turned against Brexit in any guise. 
What really would be mad would be “rallying round” an option that gives you exactly what you had only without any democratic representation and without any influence over the rules that govern your life. There can be no compromise with Brexit! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Apparently 1200 protesters turned up for a pro brexit march. It’s clear where the will of the people is - though @Nigel_Farage said millions were streaming it - actualy 190 on twitter. More lies.  @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BBCNews @borisjohnson #thepeoplesmarch 
Hundreds of thousands of people march through central London to demand a new referendum on EU membership.  
Lallana, Henderson and Milner brexit midfield 3  
This rally is only happening because the Conservative Party and @theresa_may have screwed up Brexit so badly. It’s no good moaning now ...  
Meanwhile, out on the doorsteps of Boosbeck and Marton today...people tell me to get on with delivering #Brexit. London might as well be the moon.  
The (((mass media))) never stopped winding up the NPC's who lost the Brexit referendum. So now the NPC's take the streets in their 100,000's.The next step will be the establishment and media feigning surprise and pretending to cave in to public pressure.  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
A disastrous #Brexit is @theSNP's best chance of gaining Scottish independence, yet @ScotGovFM is fighting it because "it's the right thing to do". No other political party in the UK has this measure of integrity to put strategic machinations aside for the good of all #jointhesnp 
Extraordinarily scenes in central London today with an estimated 670,000 people demanding a referendum on the final deal. #DemandingDemocracy #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Frank Field speaks to Labour Leave about the Brexit vote, "it is the job of parliament to implement that decision" #Brexit #LosersVote 
It’s remarkable how the incompetence of the Brexiteers has led both to the shambles in Brussels and now this massive show of support for a final say on Brexit. Thanks @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @LiamFox 
All those marching for a second referendum should heed the words of Paddy Ashdown: "they don't believe in democracy".  
600,000+ people are taking part, according to those behind the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London 
The #PeoplesVoteMarch: Over 500,000 people rally for new #Brexit referendum - the biggest march in the UK since the 2003 Iraq war protest. Second largest UK march since 1945. The people, not MPs or Government, must have the final say on Brexit  #PeoplesVote 
More than twice the amount of people who went on today’s anti-Brexit demo follow @Nigel_Farage on twitter alone. Kind of puts it in perspective. 
An estimated 670,000 have turned out to protest the Brexit disaster.  Will politicians listen?  Will the media keep promoting the far-right loudmouths who could never get one tenth of this number in the streets?  #PeoplesVoteMarch is a turning point  
Maybe it is time for an uprising? I am sick of the endless amelioration of Brexit.  
There's a tragic irony to today's People's Vote march. If the organisers had made more of an effort to stop austerity, cuts to public services and the marginalisation of deindustrialised communities, Brexit might not have happened. 
17.4 million people voted in favourDemocracy demands Brexit  
Half a million people rallying for a brextit referendum  
And incredible gathering in defence of our country’s values, a country calling out for the divisions to be healed, and recognising the absence of leadership from both major parties.The will of the people includes us who voted against Brexit.  
Just been sent this screenshot of the @BBCNews reporting on the #PeoplesVoteMarch. They are reporting  a march of 570,000 people as only tens of thousands. Final nail in the coffin of any perceived BBC impartiality on Brexit.  
OFFICIAL: More than 700,000 people marching for a final say on the Brexit deal. Second biggest march in British history. Incredible.Are you listening May? #PeoplesVoteMarch 
We had a referendum already. Get over it. 
Aerial footage shows 'hundreds of thousands' of people attending protest in London calling for a referendum on the final #Brexit deal  
Please stop misleading the electorate!  I crossed Germany to Basel many times on the A5, with a much higher freight level. This picture shows the usual sight.  #brexit #PeoplesVote #customsunion 
Wow another stunning slap down from @NicolaSturgeon to #Brexit nuttersPersonally I don't agree with #PeoplesVote as will always be England that decides, but Nicola makes a good case in bad situationLiking the fire I'm seeing coming from Nicola. 
Tens of thousands of protestors marched through central London, demanding a new vote on #Brexit  
I’m no longer sure what I’m allowed to think re Brexit & people’s vote. All I know is I want to stay & the referendum was fraudulent. 
Save BrexitBecky Johnson is in Harrogate where Leave Means Leave are holding a rally. She says 12 people are attending this rally, and Nigel Farage claims that's because there are multiple events going on around the country. 
Anti-Brexit campaigners take part in the People's Vote March for the Future in London, a march and rally in support of a second EU referendum.  
Anti-Brexit groups are running at least twice as many adverts as major Leave campaigns on Facebook - and possibly up to 59 times more  
Incredible atmosphere on today's @peoplesvote_uk march - with people from every corner of our country, every age, faith, race gender and background coming together to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Watching from Greece. Debate on Brexit: EU will probably reach a deal. The real question is what our Parlt does with it. Thank you to everyone marching so that Parlt hears our voice. That voice is being reported here.  
I’m a remainer but nothing makes me want to vote Brexit more than this. Neoliberal horrorshow #peoplesvote #Toriesout #GTTO #peoplesmarch 
Thousands take to streets in London demanding second Brexit vote  
Scotland is fighting back at Brexit.  
Post-Brexit Britain will be a country that continues to promote tax avoidance for the super rich. Only the poor pay tax... #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
"Let's get back to being the British Empire" - this leave voter at the #SaveBrexitRally in Harrogate explains why he doesn't want a #PeoplesVoteRead more about the Brexit marches taking place across the UK here:  
Sarah Wollaston used to know why talk of a second referendum was a bad idea - it encourages the EU to offer us a bad deal.But then she spent all summer calling for a second referendum.Now the EU is offering us a bad deal.Will she apologise?  
So proud to be joining a sea of @LibDems at #PeoplesVoteMarch with @vincecable @EdwardJDavey @thomasbrake @CarolinePidgeon @joswinson @SarahLudford & thousands of @LondonLibDems Over 670,000 people marching today, demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. @LibDemDiversity 
The U.K. says it will drop Brexit demand on Irish border to ease deal. The move could leave U.K. in the EU's customs regime indefinitely. 
No, it's the will of 1/2 million, which is less than the 17.4 million who voted for Brexit. + the '#PeoplesVoteMarch' has been organised with no discussion about EU politics, nor the EU's ambition to create a new superstate with unelected leaders: so it's fundamentally dishonest. 
WATCH: we finally made it to #Parliament Square!! I am here with my great @uklabour colleague @PaulWilliamsMP at the #PeoplesVoteMarch with over half a MILLION others speaking with one voice - we need a @peoplesvote_uk to end the #Brexit chaos! #FinalSayForAll @LabPeoplesVote 
Belfast out in force against Brexit and for a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Do you:Have a tantrumStamp your feetWet the bedWhineBlubBitchCryLieGet triggeredSearch for a safe space... when you lose a referendum?Yeah? You’ll be on the #PeopesVoteMarch thenHave a nice walk, knuckleheads#LosersDayOut pic.twitter.com/OfGqCOdGOh 
Calling for YES vote in Blasphemy referendum on Friday -same day as Presidential election #VoteYes #LiadhForPresident 
Let me summarise it:"Listen ya wee remoaners. Democracy is all well and good until the plebs vote the wrong way. Then you have to get them to vote over and over again and again until they vote the way we're told."#PeoplesVoteMarch #Indyref #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Loved being part of the over 600k people demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal at today’s #PeoplesVoteMarch - extra special as I got to march with my parents, best friend and pals from Southwark, Manchester and Ireland  
Here’s ⁦@eddieizzard⁩ and me the moment we heard that there were half a million people on the #PeoplesVoteMarch Have heard since that 670,000 are here from all walks of life and ages demanding #finalsay on the Brexit deal  
If you've ever organised a demo, U know turnout tough so congrats #PeoplesVoteMarch. If you've ever  mobilised vote in any election,  tougher still; why millions who voted in #EUREF so imp. #Brexit has brought politics alive. Let's not squander democratic moment by overturning it 
At least we've established the whole reason for this #PeoplesVote.It was never anything about the "deal", so they lied.It has ALWAYS been about Remain.How could we #Brexit supporters be expected to trust a word these liars say?#PeoplesVoteMarch 
The DUP does not represent the majority in Northern Ireland on the question of Brexit and to pretend or presume that they do is presumptuous and dangerous. #PeoplesVote is essential for all of us. 
Amazing scenes at #PeopesVoteMarch with latest figures showing almost 680,000 people from all over the U.K.  All desperate to stop the Tory chaotic #Brexit and give the people the final say @WalesForEurope @Cardiff4EU #CardiffNorth 
I was in London giving a speech at Tradional Britain Group. I avoided these loons, although overheard a few saying this was their last attempt to overturn Brexit but in reality they had no chance. Nice that they had a day out in the London sun. Bless.  
You don't speak for 17.4 million you speak for yourself. My Auntie voted brexit and changed her mind last year. Democracy didn't end because of one vote, the point of democracy is you can voice your opinion. I thought brexiteers loved democracy? Hypocrite! 
Those Brexit polls should really give us a third option, just as Don't Knows rival May or Corbyn as best PM 1. We were right to leave the EU 2. We were wrong to leave the EU 3. It was probably a bad idea but the #FBPE Peoples' Vote lot are the most insufferable humans on earth 
UNDERCOVER libdems and TORIES asking where is CORBYN ! Labour isn't negotiating this disaster of a BREXIT you are! If LABOUR was in power you wouldn't be MARCHING!Because lab would be reforming the EU from within!we will march for a " GENERAL ELECTION 18" not to keep the TORYs!! 
1/2 a million people marching for a #PeoplesVote. If only we had a Labour Party who argued its case as well as the observer. Instead we have a Labour leader who’s been dreaming of Brexit all his political life.   
75.6% of people in Haringey who voted in the EU Referendum voted to remain. The 5th highest in the country. I am delighted that we are quiet this afternoon, because it suggests that our customers have wisely chosen to attend the #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit has to happen - anything else would be undemocratic. But the result was close, close, close - so the Brexit settlement should properly accept that. I'm sure that's what most people feel. (Or maybe I'm just doing the classic thing of equating the 'people' with myself?) 
Revealed: Met Police ignored Brexit campaign evidence for monthsInvestigation by @openDemocracy suggests stalling due to political sensitivity#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
‘Around 670,000 protesters’ march on Westminster demanding a ‘People’s Vote’ over Brexit  
Over 1% of the country is on the streets of the capital politely asking to mark the government’s homework and the promises made 2.5 years ago. Brexit as it is is a shit show. A #peoplesvote is needed by both leave and remain. 
670,000 are on the #PeoplesVoteMarch demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. See some of the best photos here:   
This is massive. Parliament and government must listen and legislate for a new vote that gives people a say on the final #Brexit deal. There also needs to be an option to stay in the EU if the deal’s not good enough - we can’t ignore the 48% that voted to remain #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The #PeoplesVoteMarch is HEAVING. Hearing thousands of people scream BOLLOCKS TO BREXIT should be prescribed on the NHS  
Theresa May must change her Brexit strategy now, or risk her own Black Wednesday, warnsJACOB REES-MOGG Black Wednesday, which was brought about by John Major's ERM betrayal, led in 1997 to the heaviest electoral defeat since 1906. via @Telegraph 
Blaming Jeremy Corbyn for #Brexit is like blaming Susan Sarandon for Donald Trump. Brexit and Trump are the symptoms. 40yrs of uninterrupted neoliberal/neocon policies are the cause. Corbyn and Bernie Sanders are the cure. It certainly ain't Chuka Umunna or Hillary Clinton. 
Call to #EndTheChaos was heard loud and clear at the #PeoplesVoteMarch this afternoon - extraordinary range of people demanding that their voices be heard. Time to #LetThePeopleDecide on #Brexit!  
Some of the banners at #PeoplesVoteMarch today tell you what this is really about.They don't want a vote on the final deal. They simply want to 'stop Brexit' and overturn the result of the 2016 referendum.It's pure anti-democracy.  
The greatest economic threat to Ireland is not Brexit.  It is tax harmonisation plans by Brussels. We need to control our own affairs. We need #Irexit 
“Brexit is a threat to the #NHS and the nation’s health” Dr. Hannah Bahram on behalf of the British Medical Association @TheBMA #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVote 
Every time I'm discussing austerity, Universal Credit or Homelessness, and #FBPE'er jumps in with "BREXIT! Brexit's more important, can't fix anything with no money" I think I'll reply with "Let's talk Global Warming then! Can't fix Brexit without air to breathe and food to eat." 
A week before the referendum, Wes Streeting told Parliament "I voted to give people a choice, and I will abide by their decision when they make it next week".Now he's on a #LosersMarch to overturn the result of that referendum. That is NOT abiding by their decision.  
It's time to #RightThisWrong - the Brexit negotiations are in chaos - the decision needs to go to the people. Email your MP and demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal now:  
Our co-founder Doire Finn addressing over 500,000 people at the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London! “We are children of the NI peace process. Brexit threatens our future peace & prosperity. We demand a final say on the final deal”  
What has struck me most about the #PeoplesVoteMarch is the sheer range of people and reasons for marching. Banners covering science funding, migration, women’s rights, war veterans, etc. All affected by brexit, all demanding a final say. 
What’s homosexuality got to do with Brexit?  
Remainers chant "You can shove your Brexit up your arse!"These people would overturn the democratic will of the people in a heartbeat if given the chance.They hate democracy and they hate anyone with a different opinion.This is fascism in 2018.  
Please can @BBCNews pan out on Farage’s Pro-Brexit protest in #Harrogate so we can see all the hundreds of thousands who have gathered there to back Brexit. Or would that give the game away? Farage - as protests go - you LOST! Get over it! #PeoplesVoteMarch #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw 
WATCH: this is HUGE!! Well over half a MILLION marching for @peoplesvote_uk from every walk of life and every part of Britain -amazing! Parliament must LISTEN and ACT. Please RT so everyone knows what’s happening here at #PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit #FinalSay 
The real problem on Brexit is that the country is still split irrevocably.  If there were an unequivocal, unshakable majority for one course of action, the politics would follow. There isn’t. And people marching in their hundreds of thousands doesn’t change that. 
The cure is #GeneralElectionNow and #JC4PM NOT divisive second referendum.  
This has been the problem with our Brexit coverage all along. Giving the 2nd largest march of the century the same coverage as a couple of dozen Leavers in Harrogate is NOT impartiality. It is a distortion of the facts.#peoplesvotemarch 
Never has the phrase “People’s Vote” seemed so aptMore than 600000     spending time and no little money to march A Tory obsession resulted in the first referendum. A proper people’s movement is pushing to deliver the second!#peoplesvote #peoplesvotemarch 
The Brexit negotiations are an absolute mess. It's time to #RightThisWrong - email your MP and demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal now:  
Can you just imagine David Cameron, Theresa May, and Dominic Raab all just watching this unfold thinking: well, well, well, if this isn’t the consequences of our own actions.#PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit 
The option for a second EU referendum was heavily defeated on 10 July 2018:Ayes 13Noes 299The #PeoplesVoteMarch should have focused on staying in the Single mkt & a Customs Union for a softer Brexit. As there's no majority in parliament to stop Brexit. 
Then: Brexit will allow us to become a beacon of free trade, making stuff and selling it all over the world!Now: We don’t need to worry about making stuff when you think about it.  
He has nothing to say about the fact that London has become a 3rd world sh*thole under his watch. But when it comes to respecting the wishes of the British people to Brexit, he takes to his feet to protest. What a Khan(t)  
Referendums are a terrible idea but we’ve gone from “Brexit will improve your lives” to “there will be adequate food” and another one is probably the only way out of this hellish and ever so slightly tedious nightmare #PeopesVoteMarch 
I’m Remain. Only a #Corbyn Government will give us a good Brexit deal or option to remain.Where was @Wera_Hobhouse & those on the 9 coaches from #Bath today when we were marching against austerity & to save our NHS? I don’t recognise any of you. Please correct me if I’m wrong? 
Big march in London today.. per capita its about half the size of the Scottish independence referendum "All Under One Banner" march in Edinburgh 3 weeks ago.. #AUOB #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Organisers’ latest estimate: 670,000 people taking part in the #PeoplesVoteMarchSo where are you, @jeremycorbyn and your Labour Front Bench?  On the wrong side of history.‘More than half a million' march in London for People's Vote on Brexit – live  
Over half a million protesters calling for a referendum on the final Brexit deal have gathered in London for what organisers said will be the "biggest, loudest and most important" demonstration of its kind. @ianpaynesport asks: what will this achieve? 
A small but spirited counter protest at the #PeoplesVoteMarch: “Nigel Farage was sent by Christ to take Britain out of the EU”; “Brexit is a fulfilment of Bible prophecy”. #DownWithThisSortOfThing 
Brexit may be the symptom, but it is not the cure!#PeoplesVoteMarch 
An INCREDIBLE 670,000 people are at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the future - numbers have been revised upwards as the crowd continues to grow. It's clear that we need a vote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT  
WATCH: @PatricKielty's father was killed in Northern Ireland. He knows how important the Good Friday Agreement & peace in Northern Ireland is. He's calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Meanwhile ... Over half a million people turned out today to protest against Brexit. Where were you?#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Have you spotted our Labour fudge yet? We are handing them out at today's #PeoplesVoteMarch as a reminder of Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party fudging its position on giving the people a final say on Brexit. #Labourfudge #LibDems  
Campbell was Blair’s Liar-in-Chief.  The fact he is a gigantic hypocrite over calling for a 2nd referendum should surprise no one.  Why this vile yesterday’s man is still being given air time in 2018 is beyond me.  
“The damage to trust & faith in our democratic system” @Nigel_Farage , is already enormous - due to the Brexit referendum being based on lies, misinformation cheating & electoral Law being broken. Remember that small part? #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Yep. I’m no fan of referenda either. But a #PeoplesVote is the only way I can see out of this sorry mess, whether you‘re for or against Brexit. Getting people’s #InformedConsent once it‘s clear what’s actually feasible, and not fantasy, is what will make it possible to move on 
The #PeoplesVote rally in Parliament is underway - we demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal:  
In their insistence that #Brexit voters are fickle, dim and untrustworthy, continuity Remainers have revived some of the oldest and foulest anti-democratic prejudices, says Brendan O’Neill#PeoplesVoteMarch 
  Tens of thousands of people opposed to #Brexit join the #PeoplesVoteMarch in a bid to convince Theresa May to hold a second referendum by @dmitryzaksAFP @niklashallen for @AFPphoto 
Just out of interest re brexit......  Do you want another vote? 
I am very impressed that 500k are enjoying the London sunshine protesting for another referendum. To persuade me to support another, 17.4 million + Would have had to rock up! Hope they are all having a great day!  Those at Stamford Bridge Cardiff and Ascot will have had more fun 
"You cannot undo the mess created by David Cameron without a second referendum"@campbellclaret explains why even though he's opposed to referendums, he thinks the UK needs one now #PeoplesVoteMarch 
BREAKING: crowd size estimates have been revised up from 570,000 to 670,000 - 670,000 people demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Emily Thornberry:"The Tories are incapable of delivering on Brexit - which is why we need a General Election!""If we have to leave the EU, then we should do it by being in 'a' Customs Union, and then have a 'Free-trade agreement' grafted on top" #Sensible#PeoplesVoteMarch 
The #PeoplesVoteMarch is an absolute insult to democracy. It's especially an insult all those ordinary people who voted for Brexit and trusted politicians to deliver the result. #PeoplesVote #StandUp4Brexit #RespectTheResult 
#PeoplesVoteMarch.They will lie about the numbers.They will lie about their reasons for being there.They will lie over basic Brexit facts.They merely lie to themselves.#Brexit in 160 days, that's the truth.  
Organisers claim more than half a million people have attended a march in London calling for a referendum on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteMarch  
Crowd reaching Parliament Square ahead of 570,000 demanding a final #Brexit say on #PeoplesVoteMarch - great to see so many MPs here from across the parties, albeit if from the backbenches 
“In a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way." Nigel Farage, Daily Mirror, 16.5.16, when he thought Leave would lose. Now listen to him denouncing today's march. What a word-class hypocrite he is 
Northern Ireland is not united against Brexit! 44% of people here voted to Leave including our constituency of Lagan Valley. I’ll keep pointing this out every time you lie about how united the country is on this issue, it’s not at all  
Proud to be be marching in #peoplesvotemarch for UK and Europe against Brexit & for #peoplesvote. Surrounded by internationalist kindred spirits from all walks of life & across entire political spectrum and large #C4PV contingent 
The idiocy of those attacking @JeremyCorbyn. Many of whom attacked people prior to the Brexit referendum. The ‘I’m alright, Jack, brigade’ who continually fail to understand why over 17million voted leave. What we need, desperately, is a @UKLabour Gvnt.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Marching with @peterkyle and HALF A MILLION others in support of @peoplesvote_uk at #PeoplesVoteMarch. The Government is divided. Parliament is gridlocked. It’s time to give the people the final say on the Brexit deal.  
Watch speeches from London as over half a million people march on parliament to protest Brexit  
#PeopesVoteMarch "Brexit deal must be a vote By the People For The People! If Politicians don't give us what we want. Vote Them Out!"Speaking up for the #PeoplesVote on #Brexit at #PeoplesMarch today.  With campaigners @Femi_Sorry @RupaHuq @catherine_mayer#VoteYourFuture 
#brexit is worse than#comicsans #PeoplesVoteMarch 
#PeoplesMarch women bore the brunt of ‘austerity’ and will too with Brexit @WEP_UK @womensmarch @Women_4_Europe @catherine_mayer 
Fantastic atmosphere on #PeoplesVoteMarch with plenty here from #Scotland @euromovescot #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
For longer more nuanced responses please read my latest book Don't Let My Past Be Your Future as it does deal with Brexit from all sides and is available in most libraries.  
Well over SEVENTEEN MILLION people voted for Brexit. With a majority of over 1.2 million it was the biggest democratic mandate in British history.Everybody knows this, but some on the losing side just want everyone to forget. Please RT this:  
A bad Brexit could have a huge impact on Londoners. I’m marching today because we need a public vote on the final deal. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
BREAKING: Here we have the #PeoplesVoteMarch to stop #Brexit - it's best for the UK.OPEN THE BORDERS InsteadIgnore Housing crisisIgnore overstretched SchoolsIgnore crippled NHSIgnore 10,000 war vets sleeping roughIgnore 3.5 million kids in poverty#BRAINDEAD Remainers 
What will Brexit mean for the people of Scotland? Will it be a complete disaster? Wonderful or somewhere in between? 
.@Howard_Goodall, who knows whereof he speaks, on how #Brexit will devastate British music. Surely it’s unpatriotic to damage a successful UK export?   
Derek says bollocks to Brexit #Peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVoteMarch #FinalSay 
Please join todays #PeoplesVoteMarch.Demand a final say on the future of your children.If we live in a #democracy this is how you prove it.Lets make the last #PeoplesMarch look like a warm-up!Bin #Brexit @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer@rickygervais @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 
Does this anti-brexit march break records (as organisers claim of numbers would suggest) as being the largest demonstration ever in the UK not attended by @jeremycorbyn ? 
Proud to march to give voters a say on the #Brexit deal - 95% of our members back a #PeoplesVote! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Seriously, though, wouldn’t it be great to see some diehard Leavers on the march, confident in their case, confident that Brexit so far has proved them right and that a @peoplesvote_uk would endorse their belief that it’s the will of the people?@DeborahMeaden @Anna_Soubry 
Extraordinary numbers at the #PeoplesVoteMarch as it makes its way through the centre of London - tens of thousands of people here to show their support for a second referendum @LBC 
Remember if you are on the march in London today:Labour didn't call the referendumMay's government is failing to negotiate a good dealLabour isn't the governmentIn a second referendum, May would set the questionLabour govt will get a good deal!#GENERALELECTIONNOW 
 Our message to the Government 1. Democracy didn’t end on 23 June 2016.  2. A #PeoplesVote is the only democratic way forward.3. Our movement for a #FinalSay is growing fast - and with your chaotic handling of #Brexit, it will continue to grow. #PeoplesVoteMarch  
Around 1% of that nation out marching against Brexit in London today. We will not go quietly into the night...#PeoplesVoteMarch 
My favourite sign so far today on the #BrexitMarch #Brexit #PeopleVoteMarch 
Over 500,000 people have taken to the streets of London to demand a People’s Vote on Brexit. This number will only increase.@theresa_may I hope you’re watching and listening.#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote 
I have great empathy with those who are going on the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. I do not think it is the way that Brexit can be stopped or tempered but I understand the frustration that is driving people to march. 
VILE: Remoaners use suicide prevention minister to call for a second referendum. Could they sink any lower?  
Fantastic turnout for the #PeoplesVoteMarch The irony of Brexit madness is that large numbers  are more passionate about EU than at any point in UK’s membership. If MPs are too weak to stop the chaos a referendum is the way through 
NHS against Brexit at the #PeoplesVoteMarch! Lots of people and amazing atmosphere 
Touring musicians will struggle to work after Brexit. That’s why we’re proud to support a #PeoplesVote! Find out more >  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Wonderfully optimistic atmosphere at the #PeoplesVoteMarch today - come on down to Parliament Square to demand a #FinalSay on #Brexit! #EndTheChaos 
We need a second referendum. The leader comment from this weekend’s @observerUK. And I agree. Tweeted from the heart of the #PeopesVoteMarch 
That’s less than a third of the number that marched vs Iraq & 16.8 million fewer than voted for Brexit.  
You understand the accusation, never denied, placed on the head of BBC's Gavin Esler for giving a completely fictitious 'No Border's' baloney 'grass roots' outfit ten minutes of prime time news during the independence referendum. It was a scam. @theSNP 
This Tory Government is making a mess of Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour leadership have defied us all with their ‘Brexit fudge’. Today we march for a final say on the deal! #LibDems #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Largest ever anti-Brexit march. 2nd largest ever protest in London. Clear that people aren't happy with Brexit and want a say. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexit 
BREAKING: More than 17,400,000 voted for Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch #GoBrexit 
#Whitehall absolutely packed. And this isn’t even the official start of the #PeoplesVoteMarch. That’s actually behind us. This is huge! Reported  estimates of well over half a million. #Brexit #FinalSay 
'Over half a million protesters' march on parliament to demand a #FinalSay on a Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I'm marching at the #PeoplesVoteMarch - because in a court case, if your evidence comes out as false, you'd have a retrial. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
WATCH: @SadiqKhan is marching at our #PeoplesVoteMarch today - demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal now:  
Not sure a re-run referendum is the best way to resolve the divisions that Brexit has highlighted, but as someone who wants to remain and reform the EU, I recognise it’s currently the best rallying point we have. Good luck to all on #PeopesVoteMarch 
Macron: Claims Brits Will Need Visas to Visit France After a ‘No Deal’ Brexit Are ‘Fake News’  
ITV helicopter feed of the #PeoplesVoteMarch . This is huge.Thousands join 'People's Vote' march calling for referendum on final Bre...  via @YouTube 
This is terrifying. The @BBC, which is funded by *our* license fees, is actively normalising a notorious fascist. Bannon is not promoting an anti-elite movement. He's as elite as it gets. And all this while the BBC promotes Brexit talking points regardless of the facts.  
A noticeable difference at #PeopesVoteMarch is the amount of younger protesters. It’s their future Brexit is destroying. #FinalSayForVote 
A march against brexit and shit loads of dogs? This is brilliant #PeoplesVoteMarch pic.twitter.com/A6xgojikaZ 
Some great pictures of the young people leading our #PeoplesVoteMarch - young people will be hit the hardest by Brexit and that's why we're demanding a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Yes. Despite the US indictment Russian Electoral Interference is still going on in the  2018 Midterms.Meanwhile all those pro Brexit dark ads keep on appearing on Facebook. No one knows who pays for them. This alternative war is still going on.   
 You are only missing 1.170.000 marchers - to make it up for the 17,410,742 who voted #Leave & #Brexit Try again next weekend. Let me check the weather forecast for your picnic  
YOU ALREADY LOST!Democracy demands that Britain IMMEDIATELY proceed with BREXIT Only a Totalitarian anti-Democracy Leftist/Globalist Lowlifes like yourself would try to get do overs until they get the result they want  
Humble thanks to all for feedback on the Saturday Brexit blogs on @rtenews 
Excuse me everybody, but it's the fucking tories that gave us fucking BREXIT, and it's the fucking tories making a disaster out of the fucking negotiations If you are on #PeoplesVoteMarch or supportive of #PeoplesVote then bear that in mind PLEASE!Thank you 
Absolutely BRILLIANT turnout today at the #PeoplesVoteMarch - people from all across the country have come to demand a vote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT  
Our Save Brexit Rally in Harrogate is being live-streamed here at 2pm. See you then! @OwenPaterson @Nigel_Farage @KateHoeyMP @TiceRichard @JLongworthLML @IsabelOakeshott 
Rehearsal for this stops me getting to the #PeoplesVoteMarch, which is ironic given what a disaster Brexit will be for orchestras. Sending good wishes to all those marching against self-harm today  
If this little girl isn’t the symbol of Great Britain in 2018. Was Brexit worth it? #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVoleMarch 
. Great pictures from the #PeopesVoteMarch Let’s not forget why so many people have sacrificed their weekend to make this political point. They are not doing it for fun. Now it’s time for all politicians to agree another referendum is the only way forward 
After #Chequers I and thousands of party members have zero trust in Theresa May to actually deliver an honest authentic Brexit in line with what people voted for in the Referendum  
somewhere in #Europe#nobrexit (no #brexit) #London #UK #FBPE#Europa #EU #UE 
At Brexit March! #ExitfromBrexit 
German Justice Minister (who has a British father and German mother) says UK should hold another referendum. In 2016 the consequences of leaving were not explained properly. She is also the social democrat lead candidate for next year’s European elections.  
Absolutely amazing! People have come out in the hundreds of thousands demanding a vote on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The Times : <Italy is posing a far bigger challenge for Brussels bureaucrats than Brexit>Via @marco_gervasoni 
100,000 people march through streets to protest against Brexit in people's vote march. 
WATCH: More amazing scenes of the #PeoplesVoteMarch as estimates reveal the crowd to be as many as 550,000. This is the biggest demonstration on Brexit yet. Please RT:  
Whether you voted for Brexit or not. No one voted for this shit. No one.Shout it loud and proud lads. Make them listen. #PeopleVoteMarch#PeoplesVote@peoplesvote_hq 
Thousands turn out for anti-Brexit protest in London...  
Observer backs #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVote "Britain is on the brink of a historic calamity for which the country’s  entire political class must share the blame. The politicians have failed, so the people must take charge. We must have a  second referendum"  
Beats one man and his dog paying a fiver each in Bolton - don't you think Nige......? 
I feel like a truck at Dover,  post Brexit.  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
#Brexit is very fortunate to have @campbellclaret as the face of the second ref campaign 
‘Over 1m people marched, urging the government – of which you were a central figure – not to invade Iraq. You ignored them. Why should this government take any notice of 100k Remainers calling for a second referendum?’  
It comes back to the two key analytical errors of Brexit debate in the UK.Most Brexiters think the EU is weak while most Remainers think the EU is nice. 
It’s all looking a bit white and middle class guys #FBPE #LosersMarch #PeoplesMarch #Brexit  
Thousands of people are in London to take part in a protest calling for a referendum on the final #Brexit deal - says @ChrisMasonBBC 
Thousands of anti-Brexit campaigners march through London demanding a second referendum  
EU ‘Secretly’ Plots to Control UK Tax After Brexit and Block Cuts  
Theresa May is cooking up a Brexit disaster. I’m with Delia. @deliaonline #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Hang on to your hats people with the fear of scaremongering I've got to be serious for a bit. I've just heard on sky that after Brexit there wont be no more football. Apparently its to do with not being able to take on foreign players. 
One of the MPs out on today's March of the Losers admitted that while a minister he'd secretly talked to EU leaders about plans to delay and suspend Brexit. No wonder the deal they're offering us now is so bad!   
Absolutely amazing. The entire country is marching for a #FinalSay on the deal and a #PeoplesVote Nobody wants Brexit anymore!  
The referendum was a fraud, and we all know it.#StopBrexit now, @theresa_may. 
I think @1anHunter is pretty cheesed off by Brexit. #PeopesVoteMarch 
Protesters in London are calling for a referendum on the final #Brexit deal 
Over 100,000 people marching in London, calling for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.#DefendingDemocracy#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Thousands of protesters gather in London to demand a #Brexit re-vote. #PeoplesVote march expected to draw 100,000.  
I’m straight outta work and about to endure the dreaded 273 from Omagh just so I can be at the protest outside City Hall - that’s how bad I think Brexit is.Let’s go!  
Thousands of lib dems have gathered in London to march against Brexit and demand a final say on the deal. Are you marching today? Share your photos with us using #LibDems #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Park Lane packed to beat the Brexit Bluster  
Watch the #PeoplesVoteMarch LIVE from London as protesters call for a #FinalSay on Brexit  
The ERG are tabling amendments to upcoming legislation to remove food standards trying to force the government into no deal. This isn’t about Chlorinated Chicken, this is about selling of the NHS and they need no deal to do it! We need Jeremy in charge of an orderly Brexit! 
This week, @BigPhilCampion argues that, when it comes to #Brexit, "it's easier to keep a small bed made, than a massive one".Make sure you watch #ThePledge on @SkyNews Thursdays at 8pm 
"There will be civil unrest if Brexit is not delivered", they claim. If this comparison is anything to go by, I wonder what happens if Brexit *is* delivered.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Whether you believe in Brexit or not - today’s march in London is a physical expression of how central the issue is to British destinyYet does Corbyn take a lead role?No - he’s off indulging something that is utterly niche & inconsequential to the real lives of British people  
Complete nonsense. It’ll pour petrol on the flames and tear the country further apart. Con MPs scheming for a second referendum are, of course, breaking David Cameron’s promise the outcome of June 2016 would be respected.  
All we are asking for at @LeaveMnsLeave is that our politicians respect democracy and implement the referendum result.  
Despite Brexit.   
This lazy, spineless simpleton has stopped all the @UKLabour front bench from attending the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. He's hiding somewhere. Do not let him EVER forget how HE aided and abetted this Tory Brexit.Altogether #WheresJeremyCorbyn 
Wow! The #PeoplesVoteMarch is packed full of people who want a vote on the final Brexit deal! Amazing day  
Corbyn won’t be at the march for a 2nd referendum on Brexit. However were it a march for Hezbollah (“Party of Allah”) who are funded by Iranian theocracy, whose flag is a machine gun & who want genocide of Jews -he would be there - AS INDEED HE HAS OFTEN BEEN INCLUDING AS SPEAKER 
Watch the People's Vote March from London as protesters call for a final say on Brexit  
Nigel Farage says he would be happy to have a second referendum "in twenty years or so", but claims leave would win a #PeoplesVote by a greater marginRead more on the Brexit marches taking place across the UK today:  
#PeoplesVoteMarch against Brexit sees thousands gather on streets of London  
Reached the back of the #PeoplesVoteMarch - ready to go! I don’t really think a 2nd ref is a good idea, but Brexit is a completely terrible idea, so here I am.  
Superb analysis of the biggest Brexit issue, with all its huge implications. Airs again tomorrow night on @BBCRadio4 at 9.30pm & well worth a listen. Excellent piece of journalism, @acatherwoodnews.   
Just in case you are interested in realityI've been looking for a place in the sun for seven years. It's because I am 80 next year and need a healthy climateI was appalled at the low level of discussion during the Brexit debate, and by the simple-mindedness you personify  
More than 100,000 people are marching in London calling for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit  
Thousands join 'People's Vote' march calling for referendum on final Brexit deal #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The important #PeoplesVote for Scotland and the referendum first in the Q is #Indyref2 . We cannot be left of the mercy of Westmin Govs forever .. Poll Tax Bedroom Tax .. Crazy Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch 
If everyone who's tweeting they wished they could be at the People's March had actually turned up to the People's March, Brexit might be in trouble. 
People’s Vote demo against Brexit in central London.  
Afternoon, I am here at today's @peoplesvote_uk protest in central London. Over 100,000 people are estimated to march in support of a second Brexit referendum, including @SadiqKhan. Follow @PoliticsJOE_UK to see what's going on. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
A banner on the #PeoplesVoteMarch: "Don't Take Away Our Free Movement."A crucial point, that. Brexit has always been half the country taking the other half's rights away. There's absolutely no reason to stand for it.  
The IRA doesn't get to veto the democratic will of the majority of British voters by stoking fear. As Margaret Thatcher said after they tried to assassinate her and murder her entire Cabinet: "..all attempts to destroy democracy by terrorism will fail." Democracy includes #Brexit  
I have the utmost respect for Lord Adonis. But I protest at his remark that Brexit has become a dog's dinner. My dog, Kuno, is namely much more circumspect and competent in eating his dinner than the UK government is in handling Brexit.  
The #PeoplesVoteMarch is smug centrist egoism. Cue attacks on Corbyn, but not the actual govt implementing a damaging Brexit. This is utterly pointless as it won't change minds, won't shift stances & I, as a remainer, don't support such nonsense. General Election march please. 
Corbyn obviously couldn’t be bothered to make time to attend the #PeopesVoteMarch today. A career built on protest and when he’s needed the most he’s notably absent. It’s time for Corbyn to step aside and allow a Remainer to lead the Labour Party & oppose Brexit.  
This is superb! #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch #Wooferendum 
A real honour to address @lgbt4pv alongside @PeterTatchell @mcashmanCBE @peterkyle @ivorcaplin ahead of #PeopesVoteMarch and to tell @ZDF why so many Brits are against Brexit. EU27: don’t give up on us!  
Delighted to be here at the #PeoplesVoteMarch to see a wonderful mix of people trying to put an end to the #Brexit madness  
Anti-Brexit protesters are gathering to call for a second referendum on Britain's exit from the EU  
Funny how you are always out of the country when a march is called for protesting Brexit.  
ngl, Nick Clegg sacking off the anti-Brexit campaign literally the day before their big day out in London cos Facebook offered him seven figures a year feels like the punchline to the 2010s we all craved 
The only parts of the British Isles that have any say on UK Brexit are Ireland and Scotland.Ireland has a veto, and Scotland has a mandate, let us hope both get used. 
People's Vote march: thousands set to demand second referendum - live  
No to a 2nd referendum, yes to a general election. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I'm a remainer and I detest Brexit.... but a peoples vote isn't going to keep my family above water over xmas. In my area, Universal Credit comes into action on 7th Dec. How the hell is a peoples vote going to help us? It's not. 
Not heard any academic expert articulate why Brexit happened as well as Professor Mark Blyth Until Hard Remain / #FBPE / #PeoplesVoteMarch types actually acknowledge their complicity in causing Brexit they've zero credibility and will lose a second vote 
"I don’t see how it can be anything other than a mess": Investors are seeking more protection as Brexit uncertainty drags on  
Young people are once again out in force to keep the UK in the EU. Brexit is finished. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Hitting @theresa_may where it hurts  #brexit #PeopesVoteMarch #antibrexitmarch #starwars #thephantommenace 
At the #PeoplesVoteMarch : Take Back Control! Let the people decide! Pro-Brexit or anti-Brexit, we all deserve a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. European unity is needed to stop climate change, corporate tax evasion, pollution, consumer rip-offs @peoplesvote_uk 
BTW, I know you aren't big on facts but the far-left want Brexit just as much as the far-right.#Lexit.Tells ordinary folk just what a bad idea it is. You guys should move to the Isle of Wight and fight it out amongst yourselves.#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Celebrities are among the hundreds of thousands of people expected to call for a final vote It is thought that thousands of students will take part, many of whom were too young to have their say in the 2016 referendum.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
My wonderful sister who works for the NHS (Occupational Therapist) has joined us today. She’s not a party member or political but knows Brexit wrecks the NHS @NHSvBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Solitary travelling football fan gives a spirited “what do we want, Brexit, when do we want it now” in the Paddington concourse. Tutting from sensible shoes and facepaint crowd. Makes your proud. 
Whatever your view on Brexit, this is disgusting. Suicide is literally the biggest killer of young men in our society and making “banter” around it isn’t okay.  
One of my daughters is on the #PeoplesVoteMarch - it‘s a huge deal for her future. And I’ll hopefully be with you in Parliament Square later.... Giving British people the #FinalSay on #Brexit is the only way we’ll heal our divisions @peoplesvote_uk 
.@EdwardJDavey says the Tory Govt #Brexit mess is an embarrassment. He says it is up to the #LibDems to make the case for the UK in Europe and a #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Dogs gather around the Pee Station at Speakers Corner ahead of the #Wooferendum #PeopesVoteMarch. Dogs join us here & at the back of the march. #PeopesVote #PeoplesMarch #Brexit #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles 
.@vincecable tells #LibDems they are the vanguard of the #ExitFromBrexit campaign. He says #Brexit is not inevitable and we are winning the fight for a #FinalSay #PeoplesVoteMarch 
'Anti-Democrat Cry-baby' -unelected peer, Adonis showing his usual contempt for the will of 17.4M people. Democracy Demands Brexit   
Waiting for the off!The Shropshire contingent on the #PeoplesVoteMarch gathers outside the Dorchester. To halt the #brexit mess, we need a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay referendum with option to #Remain leading to an #ExitFromBrexit 
Expressing my sympathy to all those marching against #Brexit in #London and beyond in the #UK today #Europe is with you @europeanbalcony The time has come for Theresa May to tell the nation: Brexit can’t be done | Alastair Campbell | Opinion | The Guardian  
'This is NOT Brexit!' British writer claims WALKING away now is ONLY way to secure a deal  
Ironically many who are ‘leaders’ of the people’s vote march are the very people who built the bridges to brexit. Happy marching. Perhaps you wouldn’t have had to if Clegg, Blair and Campbell had opposed austerity. Just a thought  
The Full Brexit: why the left should Leave. Great web site, check it out.  
Young people will be hit by Brexit the hard & for the longest. That's why they're leading our #PeoplesVoteMarch for the future.Join us today: Midday | Park Lane, London 
Q. Why aren't Brexiteers marching today?A. Because they voted in the #peoplesvote of 2016 to leave the European Union.There will be no second referendum and Britain WILL leave the EU on March 29th 2019, as was decided.  
Steve 'spend as much money as is necessary to win the referendum' Baker MP, in doing the bidding of foreign actors, shamelessly continues to plot and scheme with impunity. They, the ERG, are laughing at their own party, at the opposition, at Parliament and most of all at us.  
Not to your credit, I'm afraid, when you should be in London ;today, leading the #MarchForAPeoplesVote and campaigning to bring the brexit madness to an end. You claimed to stand for #TheManyNotTheFew but you appear to have abandoned the Many for the sake of the Few. 
Anti-Brexit protesters are marching in London to call for a second referendum on Britain's departure from the EU  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
TICE: @TiceRichard warns truckers could block London if Brexit is betrayed. Dont mess with the Brexiteers!  
But isn’t the UUP’s position on Brexit now the same as the DUP’s ?  
@carolecadwalla  Dear Mr Tice, Your business is to make money from events such as "brexit". Can you tell the British people exactly how much money you will lose when the people come to their senses, and stop "brexit" , and also whether you have yet hedged against that situation ? 
Great support from @FinalSayForAll for #The5Million EU27 citizens UK & UK citizens in the EU27to #GiveUsAVote in #FinalSayForAll on Brexit  
Democracy is not just about votes as Brexiters pretend, it is about information. If voters lack sufficient information then a vote cannot be democratic. In 2016 they were very far from having the information needed to decide on whether to complete #Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch 
To all those marching for a 2nd referendum (and potentially a 3rd if the 2nd one doesn't go their way either) just remember you're marching for this fool to be our President #Brexit #Standup4Brexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #PVRoadTrip #FBPE 
Watch my speech at the Save Brexit Rally in Harrogate live-streamed from 2pm TODAY on the @LeaveMnsLeave Twitter page or at  
Sky News:LIVE: Brexit march 'to be biggest rally in a decade'  
I detest Brexit, but I don’t support a People’s Vote because:A) The first referendum taught us people shouldn’t be allowed to vote on complex issues like this. B) There’s too much that could go wrong. 
I’m from Cumbria. I live in Islington. I march because my MP literally doesn’t give a shit about opposing Brexit. Jeremy Corbyn - you should be ashamed. #peoplesvotemarch 
More than 100,000 people expected to march through London to demand final say on Brexit  
The #PeoplesVoteMarch convinces Parliament to cancel #Brexit (rescind Article 50), but the EU legally blocks the UK & insists the UK must join the EURO to Remain in the EU.If the Gov put it to a referendum would you vote to Leave the EU or Remain & join the EURO?#BrexitReality 
Second interview of the day, ahead of the #PeopesVoteMarch on Parliament — hope to see many of you there while we demand a #FinalSay. Let’s #EndTheChaos of #Brexit!  
Those who had no voice in the EU referendum are gathering at Speaker's Corner to speak against Brexit in every European tongue. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I'm marching today for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit deal. Join us! Take back control. Let the people decide! Thanks to EU we have clean beaches, no roaming charges, visa-free travel in 27 countries, consumer protection  Via @peoplesvote_uk#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Attempts to overturn Brexit are misguidedMy article explaining why I won't be supporting a #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Here is @damidude talking about why, despite voting leave in 2016, he is at #PeoplesVoteMarch.He is a #remainernow demanding a #finalsay on #brexit#PeoplesVote #stopbrexit 
Sorry, @duponline, obviously NI and the UK aren’t different countries. NI can’t possibly be allowed to be any different from the rest of the UK #brexit. Unless you are gay & want to get married or you are #pregnant, then NI is a different fucking planet @TRPNI @Love_EqualityNI 
I'm a bit confused about today's march. As a Corbyn supporting remainer, I welcome any initiative to sabotage the Tory inspired Brexit debacle. On the other hand, I now see it's being hijacked by the 'progressive' element of the Party, which is frustrating! 
Wow - this well-funded campaign for a Second #PeoplesVote isn’t exactly the picture of spontaneous youthful diversity which anti-#Brexit campaigners would have us believe, is it?  
We've already had the "People's Vote" - it was in 2016 and Brexit won.  
We’re on our way back to London from Plymouth and hoping to make the #PeoplesVoteMarch Anyone citing Singapore as an example for case of Brexit should think again. The PM of Singapore has just signed a trade deal with the EU! #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Actually both Rees Mogg and Farage argued strongly for a second referendum - but only before the referendum.  Davis argued against a set majority because 5he referendum was to be only advisory. 
Telling Leave voters to boycott a second referendum Yes please go right ahead.  
I’m on my way to #PeoplesVoteMarch. Brexit is disastrous for economy, environment and people. when we know the details of any deal, the country needs to be asked if that’s what we want. here’s my multi-use placard #PeoplesVoteBanners 
It's difficult to negotiate Brexit when you have ministers who don't want to leave the EU advised by civil servants whose instincts are predominantly against leaving the EU, according to @bernardjenkin #WeekinWestminster. 
This book contains only one mention of Brexit. That’s one more than in Middlemarch but in its defence this book is both funnier and shorter than Middlemarch.  
Just after #Brexit vote:Reporter: “what will you miss most when we leave the EU?”Remoaner: “well, we won’t have the NHS anymore will we..”This is the sort of person on the #PeopesVoteMarch#LosersDayOut 
#PeoplesVoteMarch?Today is the climax for Remoaners.It ends today, they have nowhere else to go.Their non-arguments are falling on deaf ears, Leavers merely laugh at them now.160 days until #Brexit. 
So Gina Miller thinks that the people who she thinks were too thick to understand the first referendum, in or out, now thinks that they are smart enough to negotiate details of the second leave vote & deal. Is she completely bonkers ? 
I’m totally ashamed to say this date crept up on me. Thank you to those marching today and I can only apologise for being an idiot who doesn’t have their act together. (much like Brexit)  
UKGov is attempting to stop MPs in Parliament (the elected body they claim to be taking back the sovereignty of) and the people (who’s sacred will they claim to be executing) from even knowing whether they can decide to stop Brexit or not. 
Regardless of your stance on brexit I think we can all agree that no one voted for this absolute clusterfuck of political point scoring, lies disguised as sound bites and global humiliation brought on by cowards and power hungry bananas arseholes. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
"Hey Jeremy Corbyn, why don't you want to share a platform with a Tory MP at a march where we'll jeer at you for not committing to a vote you'll not only lose but will sink Labour for years, ensuring a Tory Brexit?" #PeoplesVoteMarch 
No deal Brexit would be Black Wednesday x Suez for the Conservatives  
 This week Ministers @KateForbesMSP and @Ivan_McKee we’re both in #Ireland to strengthen Scotland’s economic links. @Ivan_McKee spoke to @rte about the @ScotChambers trade mission he was leading, aimed at overcoming future challenges as a result of #Brexit. @ScotGovEurope 
Good morning to the Republic of North Macedonia. Though a popular referendum on whether to change the country's name failed, the country's parliament managed to push the name change agreement with Greece through late last night, clearing the way for NATO membership. 
On the tube to join #PeoplesVoteMarch with all the sensible people & inc children who know that Brexit will be a disaster & should be stopped to #SaveBritain & enable us to take our place at the table where we belong - fighting for Europe for the Many 
Jeremy Corbyn has a selective commitment to human rights but an absolute, ideological one to Brexit. He endorsed Russia's murderous intervention in Syria and has refused to condemn Assad/Putin's crimes. But on Brexit he has actively supported the Tories. Don't expect much. 
Britons in Europe demanding a #FinalSayForAll.  Brexit is a betrayal of what 1.2mn @britishineurope were promised by Vote Leave and the U.K. Government.  It’s going to wreck people’s lives. Don’t we deserve a say on that ? #PeoplesVoteMarch ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ 
The Tory press and high profile Tory MPs keep stating that Theresa May must change course. She won't. That's the problem. The only way to ensure a change of course and effect a realistic, clean, robust Brexit is to change PMHistory will not treat these Tories kindly. Or gently. 
While the Sutton Lib Dems are in Westminster shouting about #Brexit,  #Sutton @Conservatives are in Sutton talking about poor local bin collection, lack of school crossings, the autumn leaves still uncleared. #priorities 
You're spending a lot of money on brexit Richard. There must be quite a personal gain for you from it. I notice you are experienced at buying up failing companies and selling them on at a profit. Which ones do you have your eye on? 
Jeremy, your record speaks to your commitment to human rights. But our rights - as citizens & voters - were assaulted by criminal acts that undermine the entire foundation of not just the Brexit vote but our parliamentary democracy. You have not spoken out about these. Will you?  
It’s taken 10yrs for suicide rate to get back to pre-recession level. Appalling how reckless & remote financial decisions tracked into lives of vulnerable people. Risk is pattern will recur with #Brexit - recovery in suicide figs is fragile. 
Great point Chuka. With young people always growing up, every time we vote the result is already out of date before the votes are counted. Maybe we should hold a referendum every day. #Genius 
Can you explain what a “Jobs first Brexit” means then? To most people, it’s as trite and as meaningless as anything the Tory Government are coming out with. 
Right I'm avoiding twitter and news today. Don't think my mental health can cope with @ChukaUmunna @Anna_Soubry and the other disingenuous goons, the #FBPE, blaming Jeremy for brexit. The whole thing lies at the tories door and to say otherwise outs you as a liar#generalelection 
60 minutes until the people have their say and tell the Government that #Brexit is not the will of the people!  Get yourself down to Park Lane for the @peoplesvote_uk March! 
Germany’s Der Spiegel/#Brexit talks: *How a nation is making a fool of itself: no other country has cultivated arrogance like the British. The sad truth is that the former world power can‘t even find its way to the exit without falling over its own feet*  
At #PeoplesVoteMarch @BritishInEurope & @BRITISHinITALY turning out in numbers to march fo a #FinalSayForAll on Brexit  
You're assuming the outcome of a second referendum would be different. Surely the point is that a democratic vote will return the people's will whatever that is. What is there to be afraid of? 
Good to hear more progressives like ⁦@suzanne_moore⁩ say a second referendum isn’t the answer.   
Fresh details are emerging of population shifts in Russian-occupied Crimea. These activities are the demographic equivalent of ballot-stuffing and should serve to end any talk of an internationally recognized referendum as a way out of the crisis  
Follow live updates as thousands set to march on London calling for a #FinalSay on any Brexit deal #PeopleVoteMarch  
Coincidences this weekBlackpool suffers 4 earthquake tremors as fracking commencesRoyal pregnancy announced, just as Tories are knee deep in Brexit excrementJamal Khashoggi dies in a fight with 15 people, who just so happen to have a saw cutter to defend themselvesReally?? 
Paddinton station @RobertBuckland @justintomlinson Remember Toni + Iraque? You will never be forgiven for Brexit.  
All our solidarity for today’s  #PeoplesVoteMarch Real democracy always allows people to think again when new information is available and when deceptions have been swept aside. #finalsay #brexit  
George told us there would be a recession if we voted to leave, hundreds of thousands of jobs would be lost, it would cost every household £4,300 #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
As a Europhile and remainer, I too can't see any way out of this impasse other than electing a Corbyn-led Labour government as soon as possible. Sorry fellow remainers, but if we don't change the causes of Brexit we'll be forever stuck in this eternal cycle of division and agro.  
Please read this by my friend @nickynoo007 for @MetroUK. Brexit is not just about trade agreements or GDP statistics. #BrexitisPersonal, deeply personal.“Brexit will force me to choose between caring for my husband or my parents”  
I'm not pooh-poohing, you dimwit. I'm anti-Brexit, and I write for an anti-Brexit newspaper. I'm pro another referendum and I'll march for one. Christ. Go away. 
Please RT for larger sample size: In London today there is the big 'People's Vote' march to campaign for a 'Final Say' on the government's Brexit deal. So would you like to see another vote? And if so what type of vote?  
There are now 2 million young people in this country who are entitled to vote but had no say at any point over the Brexit process. Over 1,000 from across the UK will be leading the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. 
No one voted for the inept, arrogant, short-sighted & frankly dangerous approach to Brexit this govt is taking. Time for the people to have their say. After all, this is about “the will of the people” isn’t it @Nigel_Farage @theresa_may ?#PeoplesVoteMarch 
After 2008 recession, suicide rate in England rose over next 4-5 years, esp in poorer areas, an extra 700 deaths/yr. This is the predictable risk we are taking with #Brexit. 
Today is the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London.Also known as THE MARCH FOR THE VOTING IMPAIRED.The concept that we have already voted to leave the EU is something that has flown over the heads of these loons.Don’t waste your time on a counter march. Toast #Brexit at home  
England's political narcissism over Brexit could break up the Union, writes @chrisdeerin. 
To all who are protesting today - have a historic, fabulous and Stop Brexitty day! And, as you pass 10 Downing St; please shout out a loud “Fuck Brexit” for me!#PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexitProtest@W_A_T_O_N @StopBrexitMarch @peoplesvote_uk @BBCNews @SkyNews @itvnews @BBCNews pic.twitter.com/VEECIKu9XQ 
By @VictoriaPeckham: "Mrs Miller is to gender what David Cameron was to Brexit. She created a toxic, divisive mess then left others to clear up ... ignoring concerns from women’s groups [and] listening only to trans lobbyists".    
I'm a supporter of Mr. Corbyn, I'm a member of @UKLabour and proud to be, but i have to be on this #PeoplesVoteMarch, we have to #StopBrexit, do people who support Brexit really think Rees-Mogg/Johnson/Gove/Fox/Farage etc have our interests at heart? If you do your deluded. 
People's Vote march: campaigners gear up for anti-Brexit event  
Whilst public worry whether their NHS will be even more under-staffed, whether medicines will get to them, @metpoliceuk criminal investigation into Brexit referendum has been stalled due to “political sensitivities.” Think about that.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
will you join in our crusade?who will be strong and stand with me?somewhere beyond the Brexit messis there a world you long to see?then join in the fight that will give you the right to be free!! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Sky News - "The largest demonstration in decades" .. Listen out for @Anna_Soubry @heidiallen75 & Dominic Grieve #PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit  
‘I’m a Brit in the Netherlands. Brexit will force me to choose between caring for my husband or my parents. Don’t I deserve a say on that?’@nickynoo007on why she’s marching in the #peoplesvotemarch@peoplesvote_uk 
The idea that we should have a second referendum would be incredibly damaging - most of all to the trust in democracy from people up and down this country..... demonstrators down in London today just need to accept they lost.  
I voted remain, now I support Corbyn's plan to respect the result of the last EU Ref.  Renegotiate a Custom's Union & Single Market (Soft Brexit).  The 'People's Vote is a con, supported by RW Newspapers and dodgy Blairites and Lib/Dem opportunists, to divert away from a GE. 
Respect and thanks to everyone on the #PeoplesMarch today. Wish I could be there marching alongside you. For all our sakes, shout it loud and proud, we deserve a say on the final #brexit deal and the future of our country. @peoplesvote_uk 
James McGrory - Good morning... it's a fabulous day for the #PeoplesVoteMarch. #Brexit shouldn't be decided by 650 MPs... it will affect all of us & it will affect all of us for generations.. so #brexit should be decided by all of us in a #PeoplesVote. #FBPE 
Politicians: I voted remain. I was convinced Brexit would harm the country. But the people voted for it.- So you’ve changed your mind on the harm?Ps: No. It’s worse. No deal would be a disaster. But the people...- So we’d best ask them if they still want itPs: Absolutely not! 
Sadiq Khant the most hated man in London is speaking at the traitors march today. This Arsehole along with Alistair give me a 2nd referendum Campbell are marching on Westminster. These 100,000 Arseholes are marching on a Democratic vote they lost what an absolute joke fools. 
No respite in Brexit wars. @SteveBakerHW tables a series of amendments to NI bill (due in HoC next wk) to hold PM to promise of no new regulatory barriers between NI & UK without explicit NI exec consent. Would make EU’s NI backstop plan illegal..... 
In fact (Syriza) actually called a referendum (in Greece), which horrified Europe:the idea that people should be allowed to decide something about their own fate is just anathema to European elites -how can democracy even be permitted?(even in the country where it was created). 
While I understand why people may want to march for a People's Vote & support each person's choice, I still have no idea what it's intended to achieve. It seems to me that everyone has their own idea of it. Much like the Referendum. Too many slitherers advocating it for my liking 
Motivated people who are not going to sleepwalk into a damaging Brexit. Proud to be there with you all today #peoplesvote 
BREAKING: The #PeoplesVote coach, carrying all the important potatoes for today's march to parliament, take a wrong turn. How unfortunate, tragic, never mind.#Brexit  
I still think a second referendum is a flawed and illogical idea. My epiphany this week, though, is that all ideas are like that now. And if Leavers don't care how completely impractical their favoured plans are, why the hell should I have higher standards for mine? #PeoplesMarch 
What a beautiful day to make your voice known! Get yourself to the #PeopesVoteMarch today.The country’s future is too important to be left to the PM’s botched Brexit deal or to the far-right fantasists.There *is* another way! #PeoplesVote 
Thought Nick Clegg was passionately committed to saving this country from Brexit. Well that was until Facebook offered him a $1MILLION pay packet. Now he’s off to California. What price principles and wanting to save  Britain? 
Number of tweets from A C Grayling expressing concern about austerity prior to Brexit: 0  
How much is #peoplesvote paying Sky for the wall to wall coverage of anti-Brexit propaganda that Sky is churning out today? Sky is looking like it is actually OWNED by the EU! 
Good luck on the #PeoplesVoteMarch today! Things to remember:- A 2nd ref will fail- Your "grassroots" campaign is funded by millionaires - More growth is lost due to austerity than will be lost to Brexit- No one likes the people leading your campaign- Poverty creates racism 
Part of our group before boarding the train to #PeoplesVoteMarch Great to see all ages and all walks of lifeAnd Clare (Brie not Brexit sign) even came from Geneva just to march!  
It’s just a pity that all of those people marching in London can’t put the same effort in to removing a government that are responsible for not only Brexit but also working poverty, child poverty, food banks and the rise in homelessness. 
Whether you voted Leave or Remain, no-one voted for this omnishambolic clown-car catastrofuck Brexit. That’s why we need clarity and a #PeoplesVote. So please join us if you can.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
It is a *lie* TonyCorbyn has not “wanted Brexit all along”He campaigned for Remain and he got out Labour Remain vote (see Prof John Curtice)He says he would vote Remain again nowHe is BEST chance of a second voteAttacking him on March is self-indulgent & counterproductive  
Brilliant stuff.  “It will be a great day for us when we at last manage to leave..”Watch House of Cards author Michael Dobbs on #bbcqt score a home run with this great summary of why we must Brexit.  
Democracy is dynamic and the world changes. Nobody voted for this mess, and now we know the facts about Brexit and seen the promises that have been broken, we need a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. @LBC #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesMarch 
Those sorry individuals marching against Brexit today are a relatively new phenomena. People who wear loathing of their country and democracy as a badge of honour. Their cause will soon be forgotten but their shame will be eternal 
It’s very important to @SteveBakerHW  that he ensures Brexit happensIt’s very important we don’t find out what’s been going onbefore he gets it over the line.You see there’s a lot at stake for a few individuals. 
Thousands of young people will be heading the #PeoplesVoteMarch today. Why? Because they have the most to lose if #Brexit goes ahead. Brexit will steal the future opportunities of the UK's young, and must be stopped. 
Get yourself along to Park Lane at midday if you want to tell the Government that #Brexit is not the will of the People.  Join the People's Vote March today! @peoplesvote_uk #BollockstoBrexit 
Today is the day! We will be marching to demand a #peoplesvote on the Brexit deal. There’s still time to come join us at the #peoplesvotemarch - hope to see you there! 
Exc: A senior source close to Brexit talks told me it’s “take it or leave it” as far as the EU’s concerned. EU not going to budge on the backstop and believes May will ultimately have to infuriate the DUP and Brexiteers to get a deal in Brussels.  
A sunny bordery autumnal morning and the bordery people are awake, getting their bordery kids ready to kick and hit sporty balls or run like the wind or tackle tackle or oh come on ref but underneath it all that nervousness about tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow’s Brexit 
The next speaker needs to be someone hated by the Tories, with no real views on Brexit, or indeed anything else. And has first-hand experience of what it is like to be bullied at work. Theresa May, your time has come.  
I don’t think a general election fixes anything at all so I don’t understand why people are calling for one. Nobody is looking at the Brexit mess and thinking, “you know what, another hung parliament will totally fix this.” Corbyn can’t fix the Ireland border issue either. 
Hundreds of thousands of protesters will today arrive in London for a demonstration urging the government to allow a second referendum over Brexit  
"Waaaah! The #Brexit vote was bought by dirty money!", they wail.As they travel to London, to try & overthrow the biggest democratic mandate in UK political history, on buses paid for by George Soros.#PeoplesVoteMarch#LosersMarch#MarchAgainstDemocracy 
He might have changed job quite a lot of times since the referendum but it would be a bit of a stretch for George Osborne to say he's now in a different lifetime...   
BREAKING: As it's the dribbling #PeoplesVote march today onto Parliament, it's appropriate that I relaunch my Wheels On The Bus video. All your favourite crybaby characters inside #MarksVideos #WheelsOnTheBus #Brexit  
Editorial: Marching for a #FinalSay on Brexit today is the right thing to do, no matter how you voted #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Sadly there are some people in the UK who “couldn’t give a toss” about what happens to British in Europe.If you’re not one of them and you think the government should #GiveUsAVote on Brexit then please RT.A #PeopesVote needs to include all the people, including #the5million 
Once again Weekend GMS ignored Scottish aspects of the Brexit shambles. No analysis of the Ruth/Mundell resign threats. No analysis of the FM's London speech. It's all about the UK and May. The programme is being used to massage Gordon Brewer's ego. Scotland is too small for him. 
The EU: Dictatorial? Planning to strip the UK of all national power? Planning total harmonisation across the entire continent? Nah, just #Leave lies...isn’t it? Revealed: EU's attempt to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit  via @Telegraph 
Normally I’d be watching Nottingham Forest today but instead I’m going to London with @NottPeoplesVote for the #PeoplesVoteMarch The people must take back control and end this Brexit  fiasco.#PVRoadTrip @LilianGreenwood 
See @BBCBreakfast is giving multi millionaire vulture capitalist @TiceRichard @LeaveMnsLeave a platform this morning with no one from our side . BBC Brexit bias is alive and well -don't stand for it #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote @franunsworth @RobBurl @afneil@lizrawlings #FBPE 
Have you noticed, #Brexit fans have given up claiming that it’ll be easy, good for the economy, save money, enable better tradedeals, etc?The only justification they still give is that it’s the will of the people.In which case, best to check that it still is!#PeopesVote 
BREAKING: All aboard the Remoaner Bus, delayed on their way to the #PeoplesVote Park Lane meeting point. Stopped several times for nappy changes, dwinky top-ups and a fresh application of strawberry window spray.12 noon sharp for the grizzle to parliament.#FinalSay #Brexit  
People that are bored with Brexit..we are all bored with Brexit but we are watching a tsunami of shit heading towards your house, would you rather we kept quiet? 
Getting ready for #PeoplesVoteMarch and protest the idiocy of Brexit. The last two years of negotiations have been even worse than I predicted and its time for #InformedConsent #PeoplesVote #C4PV to allow another chance to reflect on the final deal or no deal with a Remain option 
Today, an estimated 100k people will march on London to ask for a democratic final say on Brexit, including the option to remain in the EU.Do you support them? 
Truckers are threatening to blockade London if voters are betrayed over Brexit warns ⁦@TiceRichard⁩ of ⁦@LeaveMnsLeave⁩ ⁦@BBCNews⁩ 
...a negotiated Brexit. This is her worst nightmare 
...on Thursday that this backstop, with no end date, must be in the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. So if parliament were to vote to render backstop illegal,  it would be voting for a no-deal Brexit. Baker is forcing @theresa_may to choose between the integrity of UK and... 
An attempt is being made by @SteveBakerHW to render illegal the EU’s Northern Ireland Brexit backstop, which would put NI in customs union and single market but not GB. He has put down amendments to Northern Ireland bill to that effect. This gives government and MPs a... 
What a fantastic day for a March. The sun is shining. This is our chance to tell MPs to stand up for the national interest and future generations, and stop continuing under autopilot towards a miserable Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "There were 17.4million who voted to leave the EU. If they can get 17.5 million to attend the #PeoplesMarch that will be quite something."We have had the referendum. How many referendums do these proponents of a second vote want?"  
'Sorry Financial Times, but I'm no traitor' - @andrew_adonis on why he's standing up to help to save the country from Brexit.  
Labour have launched a new Brexit Fudge. Inspired by Willy Wonka himself, Labour’s opposition to Brexit is just ‘pure imagination’. 
I rarely felt so unease.In #EU we work together not against each other. Unfortunately we had no opportunity to speak substance. Facts matter little these days... And this isn’t about giving lessons to anyone. Suddenly v sad for Europe. That’s how #brexit happens. With big lies.  
I love the excuse that the EUref was a UK wide referendum so it doesn't matter what the other countries voted for as the country with largest population decides.Kinda explains why the UK isn't a Union and why federalism will never work in the UK. 
zzzz on my way!!  NB. i don't blame anyone who supports Remain now, however you voted in 2016; i blame those who seek to misinform people into backing the destructive mess that Brexit is and those too stubborn to change their minds!! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Ignore the bots and the trolls. Ignore the liars and the fantasists. Instead, take a long look at the rocks below.This is our last chance to pull back from the brink. To turn the tide.We don't have to commit Brexit.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
there are two kinds of countries in Europe: those that know they are small, and those still in denial. (still the best explanation for Brexit)  
Thousands rally in Taiwan, call for referendum on independence from China  
Coach driver currently briefing us on how brexit is hurting the transport industry. From 1st Feb all drivers will need a permit to drive in the EU. Each EU country will require a separate insurance document adding around £4000 in costs to every trip.#peoplesroadtrip 
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to march on the streets of London today demanding a people's vote on Brexit  
Before the day becomes all about #Brexit I wanted to share these beauties that I’ve just picked from the garden. No filters.See you there! #peoplesvotemarch 
the strain of hard-remainism that thinks it's acceptable to casually compare Brexit to Nazism would, in more decent times, be called out as the holocaust minimisation that it is  
Can’t wait to hear you speak at the next Save Brexit rally! Bit more of your sort and I might almost vote Labour  @LeaveMnsLeave 
"Saturday’s march in London shows that progressives still refuse to listen to those who pressed the Brexit button" - veteran left-winger Suzanne Moore on why she will not be attending today's sad #LosersVote march! Support us at  
To all People attending, German citizens are with you in Spirit.(already been on the News here).#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeopesVote #PeoplesMarch #FBPE @peoplesvote_uk #FinalSayForAll #PVRoadtrip #stopbrexit #BREXIT  
On the morning of the #PeoplesVoteMarch @sianberry explains why she and other Greens are taking to the streets for a final say on #Brexit  
On way to #peoplesVoteMarch someone tells me that it was my Long List of Leave Lies that triggered his active opposition to #Brexit It’s because #Brexit will bear no resemblance to what was promised that a new vote on the actual deal is justified 
Brexit means taking back control of the things we never lost, to lose control of the things we currently have. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Do hope those who are marching today for a #PeoplesVote realise that if they had have joined us in the fight against the very thing that caused the Brexit result = Austerity you wouldn't even need to be marching!!  
Going to give a Twitter a break for the next day or two. I won’t be able to stomach well-heeled celebs and FBPE wingnuts slagging off Labour while singularly failing to acknowledge that the conditions that caused a brexit leave vote are still in place. Utter bollocks. 
Transitioning to incomprehensibility. My latest Brexit Blog post, trying to make sense of what increasingly seems to make no sense (but suggesting that there's actually a reason for that):  
March in London calling for people's vote on Brexit - Sky News  
Follow live updates as thousands set to march on Westminster calling for a People's vote on any Brexit deal #FinalSay 
French fisherman says Brexit will 'bankrupt him' if EU vessels are kicked out of UK waters . Join the Club, you bankrupted U.K. Fisherman years ago!  
Just three hours to the People's Vote March in Park Lane, #London.  You're country needs you and time is running out to tell the Government that #Brexit is not the will of the people! @Peoplesvote 
Nicola Sturgeon made it clear this week that she doesn’t care if the outcomes of Brexit are bad for Scotland - so long as they’re good for the prospects of #indyref2 
Former Australian Foreign Affairs Minister & former High Commissioner to UK:“I come from a country which is Not a member of EU!And that is Australia!And I just want to say to you that in Australia we do okay!Even though we are not in EU!"#Brexit #EU 
Powerful Video. Join the thousands of people who will be marching in London TODAY to demand a #PeopesVote on Brexit @peoplesvote_uk   12 Noon. Park Lane, London 
Fintan O’Toole: Here’s how post-Brexit Ireland could turn out  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
We voted Leave to take back control of our country, but now the corrupt EU wants to control our tax rates after Brexit. Spineless May will inevitably cave in & sell us down the river again. Sack her & get someone who will say NO! 
Mysterious ‘chuck Chequers’ group spent £257,000 on advertising - "A secretive campaign urging voters to back a hard Brexit...“The only people who know who is paying for these adverts is Facebook,” Mr Collins said."  
Standing shoulder to shoulder with the BNP, the NF, the EDL, the right-wing of the Tory Party, a Grandmaster of the KKK, Donald Trump, Katie Hopkins, Nigel Farage and UKIP in defence of Brexit, is not socialism as I remember it either.  
COLONY: EU 'drawing up plans' to force UK to align tax rates to Brussels as a part of post-Brexit trade deal.Just wait for May to sign us up.  
So later today a bunch of referendum deniers, metropolitan Britain-hating lefties, brainwashed imbeciles and millennial cry-babies will march in support of a Losers Vote.   The EU’s useful idiots.  
39 years of neoliberalism has done far more damage than Brexit ever will. It's reduced wages, slowed growth, cost us our nationalized industries and our trade union representation, and made houses and education unaffordable.#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesMarch 
Sky News talking about today’s #losersvote have just shown pictures of a few people in Bournemouth demonstrating for our right to #brexit and then showed a mass demonstration of Remain votersClearly sowing the thought that many more ppl wish to stay in the EU.Sky bias as usual. 
Today thousands will gather for #PeoplesVoteMarch. Do not let them tell you it goes against democracy to ask for more democracy.Do not let them tell you the choice is between no deal and a bad deal. Do not let them tell you it is not possible to stop Brexit. We can do it.  
March in London calling for people's vote on Brexit.I don't think the media are going to ignore this one, except perhaps the Beeb! 
On my way!Democracy didn’t end on 23 June 2016.  That referendum wasn’t the end of the story - it has to be the start of something betterWe must reprogramme an economy that fails so manyThe #PeoplesVote is an opportunity to transform things, not to defend the status quo 
UK Government set to challenge Scottish court ruling that could prevent Brexit  
I’m marching & speaking on #PeoplesVoteMarch today. Marchers from #Scotland are meeting at the 7th July Memorial in Hyde Park (close to the March Assembly Area) at 11.30 thanks to @euromovescot. See you there! #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope @peoplesvote_uk 
Ready for action!  No one voted for this mess. It’s time to end this #Brexit chaos - join us on the #PeoplesVoteMarch TODAY at 12 and demand a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk ps wearing my @FFSake_ #TogetherAgainstBrexit shirt! More info here   
It’s going to be a lovely day to avert the dangers of Brexit and join  #PeoplesVote march in london. If you care about your children’s future get yourself down there #ffs. I’m on my way from Somerset x 
They tried to smear it as a 'loser's march'. They've failed. No-one is marching because they lost a referendum. They're marching to save the NHS, the NI peace process, the integrity of democracy, their rights, freedoms, and the future of their country. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Today's the day. Get down to Central London and make your voice heard for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Park Lane, London Today, 12pmCheck out the route - we'll see you there   
The Brexit headbangers understand the EU far better than Theresa May. And ‘no deal’ (WTO terms Brexit) is the real “backstop”. Says Charles Moore ⁦@BrexitCentral⁩ 
Message to #Remoaners at the #losersmarch today#PeopesVoteMarch#Brexit  
Over 80,000 people reportedly joined the pro-independence rally in Taipei, demanding the government to allow an independence referendum next April. The majority of the crowd are over 40, signaling that hardline independence events remain a thing for the older generation. #Taiwan 
This is the photo I took on the  1968 march. 50 years later I’m marching with ⁦@gamerlaw⁩ ⁦@GeorgeOsborn⁩ ⁦@tamcgarrigan⁩ and ⁦@Games4EU⁩ on behalf of the games industry for a ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ on the terms of the Brexit deal on behalf of everybody.  
A good day to remember the words of Shadow International Trade Secretary @BarryGardiner: “The only people campaigning for a second referendum are the ones who lost the first”  
Big crowd already gathered in Bristol heading to the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London. NINE coaches have been filled from here! Bristol demands democracy and a #FinalSay on #Brexit.  
poetic massive #SydneyStorm rolls in  heavens open as #WentworthFallsLiberal Party will tonight lose #WentworthByElection  a seat they’ve held for 74yrsit’s their 8th safest seat in the entire nationthis is a referendum on this Abbott/Turnbull/Morrison Govt#AusPol 
So - who'll be with me at #PeoplesVoteMarch today? I'm very excited to look out on a sea of >100k passionate faces (and not remotely nervous. Obviously. Nope).I will be there, representing @TheBMA - telling the world that Brexit is bad for the nation's health. 
INSTALLING BREXIT PLAN████████ ░░ 90% COMPLETEInstallation delayed. Please wait...Installation failed: Irish Border (0x2)ERROR: Brexit Plan not found.  
On the #PeoplesVoteMarch today there will be socialists, conservatives, liberals, greens and other political persuasions but we’re all united in our demand for a #PeoplesVote to end this #Brexit catastrophe.  
'One civil servant told me, with burning anger and as if this were the knock-down argument, that if we Brexited, there would be fewer dinner invitations in Washington DC for British diplomats.'Charles Moore on the civil service's anti-Brexit bias:  
Who is the biggest asshole in British politics?#TonyBlair@sajidjavid@nick_clegg@ChukaUmunna @Conservatives@UKLabour#Brexit#Remain#PeoplesVoteMarch#askingforafriend 
I hate Brexit!!! I despise it, it’s been a Tory tool for power, it’s shock doctrine capitalism as crisis, we need to get rid of the Tories 
 this Tweet to receive a reminder from @Oreo to enter for a chance to win an exclusive @Jeep #Wrangler on February 4th. 
If you voted #Brexit to stop EU migrants coming to the UK and claiming benefits you were conned. EU migrants that cannot support themselves and their family after being in the UK for 3 months can be removed. The #Leave campaign lied to you, EU migrants come to study & work. 
BREAKING: A big day today for the bedwetters on the #PeoplesVote march. I do hope the drop is very long I bet MSM say there were 850 Trillion Thousand Million people there, in a 10 square metre plot #Sheep #TakeMeToYourLeader #Brexit  
The conditions that created brexit have not changed. We need an election because we need a Labour government #simple 
The quisling May might accept a watered down Brexit but the British people will not. A Vote of no Confidence is needed on Monday.   
Londoners deserve a decent Mayor, we have had a vote on Brexit it was called a referendum or did you miss it ?? 
Right,  time to get up,  get showered and get out. First time marcher but I must be there. I am marching to protest the removal of our rights, the dimming of our children's futures the lies sold to millions and the utter absurdity of #Brexit#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Headline in FT this morning - ‘’Britons whose families fled Nazi persecution seek to flee BREXIT using German passports’’ - how many? 300 probably max? - What a pathetic headline! 
The Brexit headbangers understand the EU far better than Theresa May, writes Charles Moore.   
As Mayor, I look out for Londoners. And we need a public vote on Brexit. #peoplesvote #peoplesvotemarch 
My 82-year-old dad from Lincolnshire hated Brexit. He died on Thursday but would have urged my brothers and me to go on the #PeoplesVoteMarch, so we will. 
The pro-brexit march attracted 12 supporters this week. The #PeoplesVoteMarch will attract hundreds of thousands. Do you see @theresa_may, the will of the people is not to #Brexit at any cost. The people want a vote on the #deal with an option to #Remain. 
We ARE the grown-ups, we are the patriots - Brexit will shrink our economy, destroy our children's future & diminish U.K. on the world stage #StopBrexit 
Live in London or visiting get yourself along to Park Lane as yours & your family's future depends on it! 12.00 today for the People's Vote March @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future - Time is running out to send out the message that #Brexit isn't the will of the UK people!  
Honda, Nissan and now Toyota’s head warn on severe threat to biz from no-deal Brexit. Traditionally Japanese automakers keep low political profile. That they’re all now sticking their necks out shows depth of concern. Govt sld also worry. These are big direct/indirect employers. 
Clear skies and perfect weather today for the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Join us at 12 on Park Lane to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. 
Today I March #PeoplesVoteMarch..my 3rd for a #PeoplesVote to Confirm if #Brexit truly is the maj Will of UK cits.I march vs the theft of our RightsI march for our YoungI march to Defend our DemocracyI march vs NationalismI march for a Better FutureTo #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Morning @ChrisM4Chester.  Some of your constituents are so concerned about brexit they are up at the crack of dawn to go to #PeoplesVoteMarch.  Can’t wait to see you all #PVRoadtrip 
Incorrect. They want to stop #Brexit altogether. Regardless of the consequences. #PeoplesMarch 
Today we show the country that Labour voters want a change in party policy. Today we show the country that #Brexit is not inevitable.Join @Remain_Labour on the #PeoplesVoteMarch from 11am onwards, at the corner of Curzon St and Park Lane.#ForTheMany  
Charles Moore on how the ERG “furnished, and continue to furnish, practical suggestions about the detailed areas of Brexit policy...a report on how to facilitate North-South Irish trade with existing techniques and existing processes under existing law”  
Apparently France are going to force is to get a visa if we visit This is fucking awesome news Totally winning Brexit pic.twitter.com/Mx38oWCDb3 
Maybe we'll see Jacob Rees-Mogg, David Davis and John Redwood at the #PeoplesVoteMarch. They all wanted a second referendum  
DUP's Wilson: 3 out of 10 for May over Brexit talks.  I think he’s being over generous!   
If you're angry about #Brexit, Leaver or Remainer, then ask yourself if your grandchildren will care that you were angry? Or will they just want to know that you knew the facts, thought carefully and made the right choice. Make them proud. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Dear friends, have a great #PeoplesMarch today.  Let's make this gov listen to sense and hold a #PeoplesVote. We love our country, we care about our people, our future. That's why we're marching.  Brexit just ain't what they said it would be. We march. Take care. Be safe.  #FBPE 
Students want to lecture me on Brexit?When they get up at 4am and do a 14 hour shift then I may bestow on  them an ounce of credibility.Me and millions like me are the backbone of this Country 
Before we consider a 2nd Referendum all the Anti Brexit MPs, including May, should resign and stand for re-election on a pro EU ticket. If they are all re elected then we know the public is behind then. If they do not get re elected then good riddance to them. 
“On Saturday, more than 100,000 people are expected to march through central London to demand a second vote on Brexit. They’re about the only ones talking sense on the matter” - Bloomberg  
Good morning Remainers! If you're marching in London today, have a safe and enjoyable day. Don't forget to tag us in your photos! Let's make today a day that even the @BBCNews can't ignore!#PeoplesVoteMarch #FinalSay #Brexit 
Your Country Needs You on Park Lane!  At Midday the People's Vote March @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future - yours, your children & their children. Time is running out to send the PM & her Govt the message that Brexit isn't the will of the UK people!  
GOOD MORNING. Are we ready for the biggest Brexit march ever? If you’re one of thousands of students and young people travelling U.K. to #PeoplesVoteMarch, please tweet at using #PVRoadtrip and we will retweet. Here we, here we...#FFS#PeoplesVote 
And if Brexit fails in a 2nd referendum, what then? Ignore the 1st vote or go best of 3?Whatevs, Bloomberg Editorial Board.   
Wow! It looks like it will be a remarkable day in London.  #SaturdayMotivation #peoplesvotemarch #FinalSayForAll#The5MillionMore than 100,000 protesters expected in London to lead largest anti-Brexit demonstration to date #finalsay 
Anna Soubry is not ‘there for the Tories.’ I think the Times should print a correction. Poll reveals doubts about second Brexit vote 
An anonymous dark data/dark money campaign discovered on Facebook, clearly seeking to influence Brexit debate while breaking GDPR. New evidence published by @CommonsCMS 
Blasphemy, Stephen Fry and referendum in Ireland  
"Referendum for a new country! A new shirt for Taiwan!" About 300+ demonstrators marching through Taipei's Zhongzheng district and chanting in Taiwanese right now.  
Listen: Another failed Brexit summit and bullying in the House of Commons  
If you are travelling down to the #PeoplesVoteMarch today be sure to share photos from your journey using #PVRoadtrip.People are coming from all over the UK and further afield to make their voices heard and demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal/no-deal. 
#PeoplesVoteMarch#Brexit #PeoplesVote Last check!Ready to rumble.See you there guys, gals and unspecifics. Everyone welcome. 
Read my comments in - Facebook campaign urges voters to oppose May’s Brexit deal  
“We must march and demand to vote again. A new referendum looks the most likely way to resolve Brexit but it will only work if the public, not politicians, want it” ⁦@MatthewParris3⁩ #PeoplesVoteMarch 
#PeoplesVote 100,000 at the People’s March Vote in London today. What a load of bollocks 17.4 million voted leave the EU we’re leaving. If we don’t get Brexit we will show you crybabies, how to do a proper MARCH. Go down pub, watch football today like rest of us you BORES.  FFS  
I'm on the @Devon4Europe coach from Plymouth heading to the #peoplesvotemarchI'm marching to demand a chance to hold politicians accountable for their promises, and to ensure that people aren't forced to accept s Brexit that's bad for jobs, bad for growth and bad for Britain.  
The first-ever statewide referendum in the U.S. on a transgender rights law will be on the ballot in Massachusetts next month. - @NBCOUT  
Good morning, my little pumped-up #PeoplesVoteMarch munchkins.It's to be a beautiful day, but don't forget to wrap up warm.Only 160 days until #Brexit.  
There are parallels: Jounalist murdered by Saudis?  Trump decides to deny it as it'd spoil his $120bn arms deal. 2016 referendum corrupted?  May hushes it up as it'd spoil her #Brexit narrative; leans on cops. In common: Commercial & political interests kill the truth.  
History will record that it was @libdems who led the fight against the disaster that is #Brexit and started the campaign for a #peoplesvote. 
There’s been much misunderstanding and misinformation floating about the Scottish Fishing Industry with regards to Brexit.  
Excellent explainer about ‘race’ in the Australian constitution and why a referendum for substantive recognition of First Nations is necessary.   
Revealed: EU's attempt to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit' | via @telegraph 
There has been a 40-fold increase in British descendants of Jewish refugees from the Nazis applying for German passports ahead of Brexit  
I'll be honest,  I think they've gone too far this time and the damage is too great to prevent a breakup.  Between the way we've been treated in Brexit, the lies told after Scottish Referendum, the deceit, the bad faith, the lack of emparhy...way way way too far  
March in London calling for people's vote on Brexit  
Kanak #FLNKS spokesperson Daniel Goa during New Caledonia Independence referendum campaign has met with leaders of European independence movements, among them with Catalan president in exile @krls Puidgemont (via @lncnc) #referendum  
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: 'I'd Rather Be a Poor Master of My Fate' Than a Slave to EU Bureaucrats  
But Brexit Britain won't be a part of it.Brexit is madness.Time to take back control.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Hey Gainesville, y’all know you need to vote NO on the GRU Authority referendum, right? It does nothing to lower rates and lots to take away local control of YOUR utility. Defend local control! Defend GRU! #gnv #GatorNation #Gainesville @GRU4U @GNVChamber @GainesvilleGov 
Only Keith Brown could deflect a question about the SGC report with a reference to Brexit.SNP denies split over independence report  
One has to remember WHERE all the cash comes from. If Brexit cd just be prevented, SO many more Billions wd be available for EUtopia, year after year after year. What price independence, self-govt + freedom. Remainers don't understand *why* they lost. Hopefully one day they will.  
When #TheresaMay & the #Tories finally agree on what sort of #Brexit they want, will we all get a chance to say we don’t want it? #peoplesvote 
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: Better to be poor outside the EU than rich in it  #BREXIT 
Today, the quiet majority march to say - enough is enough. It’s time to #StopBrexit.If politicians won’t stop Brexit, the people will. Give us a #PeoplesVote. Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Midday, Park Lane, London.Please RT to spread the word. 
Cabinet minister breaks ranks to warn Theresa May against extending Brexit transition period. The Secretary of State for Scotland speaks out.  
Brexit is a psychopathology. It is an atavistic yearning by those suffering from it, for restoring the world of their childhood. It's not 'I want my country back', but 'I want my childhood back'. Impossible to satisfy, and making those attempting it disillusioned and dangerous. 
'The source of the campaign is so far unknown, and will be embarrassing to Facebook, which only this week claimed it was clamping down on “dark” political advertising on its platform.' 
Feeling jumpy Farage? You should be. On this day many hundreds of thousands of people, from all parts of the country, will peacefully take to the streets of the capital on the #PeoplesVoteMarch - and to stand against all you represent..... 
What the Russians internally called “information warfare against the US” had a budget of $1.7m just for February*2018*!Yes. You read that right. February this year. How much did they spend on #Brexit? Would it overshadow Arron Banks’ dodgy millions?   
I’m going on the #PeopleVoteMarch tomorrow. But I’m not demanding a *third* referendum. I’m demanding that the second referendum be redone without massive cheating, overspending, illegal data misuse and foreign interference. @suzanne_moore 
My 3 y/o Son was playing when he heard Brexit mentioned on the newsHe looked at me an said "Estimates suggest that whether a country is a member of the EU or EFTA does not have asignificant effect on its trade with EFTA members"He grabbed a pen and wrote this table.Really. pic.twitter.com/wgjFszt6Rr 
Brexit Explained  
My advice to Nnamdi Kanu is simple and clear. Don't mess up things this time. Our first step towards having any meaningful discussion as a nation is voting out Buhari. When this is done we can have a discussion. 2019 should be about sending Buhari back to Daura and not referendum 
There were tensions over Gibraltar in the early News Letters of 1738(which we've been serialising). Ongoing tensions explain why Gibraltarians voted overwhelmingly against Brexit,unlike unionists in NI who still seem to have little sense of risk. My column 
Today I’ll be marching for everyone who’d lose their FoM rights because of brexit; for all whose livelihood, family life, status, health, safety & security are at risk; for the young whose opportunities will decrease; for all who’ll go hungry or without meds. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Brexit EU summit: The week the talks got stuck in spinach  
The time has come for @theresa_may to tell the nation: #Brexit can’t be done ! 
BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE!!Brexit going so badly that Brexit spokespeople like @iromg are literally attacking the very concept of democracy in order to save face!! #PeoplesVote 
McDonnell should hang his head in shame.McDonnell: "It is not Labour Party policy to have another referendum.A number of us now are worried about the rise of the far-right in this country and elsewhere. We need to be extremely careful.” 
Brexit news: UK fishermen FURIOUS at 3 year Brexit transition 'SELL OUT' | UK | News |  |  Establishment now in full capitulation mode to EU.Country being sold out & fishing to be mullered a 2nd time!#fo2eu 
Not on the final deal. That argument no more invalidates a final deal vote than the 1975 referendum invalidates the 2016 one.And are you not still living in the States anyway?  
To all @Conservatives MPs who were elected on respecting EU referendum result, don’t let May sell us out 408 UK constituencies voted leave v 242 Remain, 72% turnout. You betray us now @Conservatives,  we will kick your arse out next GE. Be warned, JC or not !we won’t back you 
Jewish families fleeing to Germany is nothing to do with #Brexit, #SkyPapers.It's because of the antisemitic nature of the Corbyn frothers who some fear might gain power in the UK.Don't deny the disgusting nature of the UK Left by excusing it or fobbing their hate off onto us. 
Delighted to meet Godalming and Farncombe @Conservatives this evening with @Jeremy_Hunt to set out the broad context behind Brexit, where we are and how to exit wellThe video I mentioned: Also  and  
938,812 people have signed the petition for a #FinalSay so far.This is good.But not good enough.Can we try to get this up to 1 million before the #PeoplesVoteMarch? #Brexit #EndTheChaos #PeoplesVote 
Tell that to the people of Sunderland, Swindon, Burnaston, Cowley, Luton, Ellesmere Port, Solihull and Halewood for whom the car industry is a significant slice of the local economy and a major employer. How many British workers is IDS willing to throw under the Brexit bus? 
'Brexit has always had a large dose of phoney populism – it is an elite project for extreme globalisation wrapped up as a popular revolt against globalisation.'Huh. What a good sentence.  
Oh dear, I listed EU freedoms. Not Brexit freedoms. Says it all really. In the past 2 years I haven't been able to think of any benefits of Brexit to me personally that it doesn't even occur to me that someone would ask for them. 
She would be utterly disgusted and ashamed of the @Conservatives party in 2018, as is much of the nation. Weak. Feeble. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal 
Why  cant you just say we will not vote with government until May is replaced? The Tories will be wiped out if she stays and screws up Brexit anymore than she already has. Please look outside the London bubble TM is hated! 
8/ the EU is not the be all and end all when it comes to trade. The efta states have been quietly plodding along signing FTAs around the world as they are primarily a economic and trading bloc. AELE/EFTA is the natural home for the UK after Brexit. /end 
We need a GENERAL ELECTION not another referendumAgree? RT#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote 
THIS. Brexit won't fix the inequalities in this country. In fact a smaller economy,  looser regulations and shrinking state spending WILL MAKE THEM WORSE 
#Brexit negotiations explained via the medium of Pokemon.  
A show of force from a British public being repeatedly aggressed by the globalist forces of the anti Brexit coterie. These meetings are happening week in, week out, across the UK. And about time, too! #LeaveMeansLeave. 
My mum simply dismissed ERASMUS as being "nothing to do with the EU", which sort of sums up Brexit quite well, don't you think?Ill-informed but no less forthright. 
With Brexit on the horizon, a Prime Minister can’t be too fussy about the company she keeps.  Murdering journalists, bombing innocent children in the Yemen... we don’t care as long as you give us a trade deal.    #peoplesvote 
Don't Brexit Fixit. Catchy!See you tomorrow my lovelies! Xx  
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the People’s Vote UK march  via @MailOnline 
I am so excited! I am seeing people beginning their travels to London, II am buzzing with excitement!We ALL need a vote on the final say, a democratic #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain if the #Brexit deal is a shitshow. pic.twitter.com/T2bCfsDc6f 
Watching Brexit happen, then realising how much of the world’s woes are related to British influence  
Worried your favorite player might get traded? When NBA players switch teams, you can switch jerseys. Learn more about American Express Jersey Assurance at . Terms apply. #AmexNBA 
List me some real Brexit freedoms... for you personally. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10- 
I am so excited for to be marching for the country’s future tomorrow. We will send a great message to the Brexit elite 
Britain wants Brexit and Britain wants Brexit now. The British electorate are tired of constant attacks by the authorities on their voice and their democracy.We were promised leave if leave won: by even the likes of Nick Clegg.Leave means leave, and it means leave now. 
The biggest mistake Theresa May and UK made in Brexit talks was to believe this was just a conventional EU negotiation -a poker game. It wasn’t. It isn’t. They have given in on every single red line they set out. EU has remained entirely consistent.  
Many of us are coming from all over Europe. No free coach places for us. We'll be there to use our voices which were silenced in the referendum & won't be heard on stage either. @Bremaininspain @InLimboBrexit Please give Brits in EU a mention. 
What is significant about the #PeopleVoteMarch on Saturday isn’t whether it will result in a referendum on a withdrawal deal - I don’t think it will - but that it reminds government of its obligations to all voters and not just those that voted Leave. 
The Mayor of London @SadiqKhan is addressing the anti Brexit march tomorrow, calling for a second reforendum on the final Brexit deal. While we are at it, can we also have a second vote on who should be Mayor of London. 
This is the book our Brexit negotiators should have been reading...  
More than 100,000 protesters expected in London to lead largest anti-Brexit demonstration to date #finalsay  
Sinn Féin Brexit spokesperson Máirtín Ó Muilleoir tells a meeting of business leaders, farmers and community leaders in Mid Ulster that Sinn Féin will fight tooth and nail for the Brexit backstop to defend their interests and rights. @newbelfast @Ianmilnesf 
I am hoping the voters of #wentworth send a resounding message to this keystone kops of a government. But after Trump & Brexit I never make predictions. #auspol 
Europe gave us the Renaissance, the Enlightenment, Shakespeare, Goethe and Picasso. The EU gave us Jean-Claude Juncker, the plunging of Greek pensioners into poverty and 2,000-word documents on cabbages. Europe and the EU are very different things:  #Brexit 
I vow that I will do everything in my abilities to see my home #Macedonia one day enjoying liberty and freedom! This parliament and government has no legitimacy to go against the wishes of the citizens made clear in a referendum. Anything done by this dictatorship will be undone! 
They are terrified we’ll be a success! Time to walk. Revealed: EU's attempt to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit  
Threatening violence to try and stop #Brexit really isn’t a good look. Especially not from a world leader who should know better, @campaignforleo 
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: 'I'd Rather Be a Poor Master of My Fate' Than a Slave to EU Bureaucrats  
Remainers, apply your brains: why do you think Brussels is trying to force us to align our tax and regulation with the EU post-Brexit?Is it because they care about our well-being? Or is it because they’re frightened of a free and prosperous UK outcompeting them after we’ve left? 
I swear to fuck, if I see one placard at tomorrow’s anti-Brexit march that wrongly suggests that Geri’s solo career wasn’t successful then I’m storming Whitehall, taking the microphone and giving everyone a 4 hour Ted Talk about Ride It. 
Brexit - Marvin Gaye edition#SongsForBrexiters 
I never wanted to be in a position where I believed my children’s future would be worse than that of my generation. I never wanted to be fearful or suspicious of my fellow countrymen. I never wanted Brexit. Tomorrow we say “no more lies”. Tomorrow we protest #PeopesVoteMarch 
Healthy, white teeth start with strong enamel—and enamel stays strong by brushing 2x daily with Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste. @PopSugar 
Furthermore, have a look at British Nationalist Labour in Scotland’s timeline. Silent on Brexit, abstaining as usual, so also neglecting duties to constituents. Fighting on for their broken union with no objections to devastation it will bring. to Scotland. #Dissolvetheunion 
Simple; Get tough and say “No more meetings!” British MEP warns UK is seeing the 'slow surrender of Brexit' triggered by EU 'bullying'  
OMG. The UK need to shut up, with all due respect. The whole political system here is in chaos over Brexit and party in-fighting. Not to mention that Parliament has been a hotbed of sexual misconduct and bullying.They should put their own house in order. #IStandWithSaudiArabia 
Really? I will be marching because as a EU27 citizen I was disenfranchised, even though Brexit impacts on me disproportionately. The only voice this country grants me is   in protest on the streets! I am marching for REMAIN #PeoplesVoteMarch 
These leaked documents confirm what leavers have feared all along, that the EU will stop at nothing to stifle Britain’s competitiveness post Brexit. 
Brexit - Sam Smith Edition#SongsForBrexiters 
More than 100,000 protesters expected in London to lead largest anti-Brexit demonstration to date/#Brexit #finalsay 
If you want to see the true spirit of Britain please cover the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow in London. #Brexit and the Brexiters don’t represent us! We are proud Europeans, proud to be EU citizens! @RaiNews @BILD @FRANCE24 @DutchNewsNL @VRT 
Extending the transition is extending the slump in the economy. Putting in an escape clause is putting the country through 3 more years of uncertainty and lost investment.Put the Brexit deal to the people, no one voted for this slow death.#PeoplesVote 
I want a General Election not another referendum but I wish all those taking part in the #PeoplesVoteMarch well b/c ultimately a Tory Brexit will do much to destroy Britain.   
Brexit has changed the UK political landscape from Labour and Conservative to Leave or Remain. This will be the new political battlefield for years now. Thanks Dave! 
So how bad does May's Brexit deal look now: £57bn, non-voting vassal state transition until 2022 before permanent customs union + SM rules + hand over control on tax. Oh and May is also signing away UK Defence Sovereignty on the sly. #MayMustGo 
#NotADoneDeal #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #FBPEBe part of the moment we #StopBrexit together; join us!Travel sortedPhone charged/spare batteryComfy shoesMessaged invite to matesSorted plan for afterSee you tomorrow Don’t Brexit; FIX ITFull details/maps  
Tomorrow, I’m joining people from every corner of our country to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit.There’s nothing more democratic than trusting the people to have the final say on our future.  #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
So apparently the delay in #Brexit negotiations is due to the civil service having difficulty translating Jean-Claude's 'divorce bill'  
Spend a half hour, spend a day, spend a week. You still won't know how it will work with MMP because David Evy withheld a dozen important aspects to be decided after the referendum is over. 
Hey @BBCNews please would ye stop referring to it as the #IrishBorder it is a border imposed in Ireland by the British it most certainly is not an Irish Border. #Brexit 
Go for it Wales...GO FOR ITBBC News - Independence on the table after Brexit - Plaid's Price  
Need proof young people have every right to question the country's path on Brexit?A 28-year-old just forced the BBC to change their definiton of the EU Single Market. You can and MUST make a difference.Get to the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow!! 
Nov 6 is a referendum on the #Kleptocracy. We #VoteBlue for #RuleOfLaw, #HealthcareForAll, #HumanRights, #Dignity, #JusticeForAll, #CommonCause, #CommonDecency, #ImmigrationReform, #MMIW, #TakeAKnee, #BLM, #AnimalRightsTaking action against #ClimateChange, #VoterSuppression 
Gotta say... Well done @BBCNews I was gearing up for another rant and I've just seen you have corrected the fake news in your Brexit glossary after my rant a few days ago. The country thanks you.(And @bbclaurak thanks if you had something to do with this) 
EU’s secret plan to tie UK to its tax rules post #Brexit @Telegraph 
If the EU is helping to fund the 'People's Vote' march then this is an appalling abuse of taxpayers' money, as well as a reprehensible attempt to meddle in the UK's internal politics.  #Brexit 
Nobody voted for this dog’s dinner #Brexit. That’s why I’m joining the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future tomorrow because we deserve a #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
#Brexit #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave Nigel Destroys #Clegg #Remainers traitor to all at the Gateshead Rally. #Brexitdecoded 
Revealed: EU's attempt to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit  
I’ll be in Belfast tomorrow to protest against Brexit and the harm it will do to UK, particularly Northern Ireland #PeopesVoteMarch #StopBrexit 
I haven't witnessed such an organised & strong pressure against the MPs in #Macedonia in the last 20 years, aimed to achieve 2/3 majority for constituonal changes, contrary to the will of the voters on the failed #referendum on the Prespa agreement with #Greece. 
I see you're blaiming Corbyn for Brexit again. Why not sub tweet him with a solution on how he can stop Brexit? Or why not spend your days ranting at the actual perpetrators of Brexit? Like Cameron, Nick Clegg or Uncle Vince? 
On the verge of a nervous Brexit breakdown?  
Now EU wants to control UK's tax policies post-Brexit as part of any agreement, to stop us becoming a low-tax economy & gaining commercial advantage. We must now aim to leave with no deal - because these are people with whom we cannot deal. via @Telegraph 
Excited for the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow. Time to demand a #PeoplesVote on this dog's dinner #Brexit  
No doubt at all...Clegg staked everything on the PR referendum, which was sunk by the usual right-wing press, who can't bear the idea of power being spread around. Cameron helped kill it off, exactly as May killed Leveson 2 No progress possible while they're still in power  
WATCH: Nicola Sturgeon says the Conservative party is 'in chaos' and is 'showing complete disregard' for national interest.The First Minister also accused the UK Government of 'selfishness' over Brexit.More here   
The silent struggle at the heart of Brexit  | Analysis by Luke McGee 
The European Union is drawing up plans to control Britain’s tax policies ­after Brexit, leaked documents seen by The Daily Telegraph disclose.#BRINO 
According to draft documents, the EU wants to ensure the UK keeps its tax rules aligned with those of the bloc as part of the Brexit agreement  
Every single Tory MP and MSP from Scotland have turned their backs on and betrayed their constituents over Brexit. They all deserve to be turfed out at the earliest convenience. 
Brexit Explained  
Revealed: EU's attempt to control Britain's tax policies after Brexit 
The one “shitshow” I can confirm I absolutely did not vote for is the elitist, tin-eared festival of ordure which is the Second Referendum campaign.There’s nothing which would make me want to Remain, including being told what to think by the ex-presenter of a cooking programme.  
Don’t want this dog’s dinner #Brexit? Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal 
Brexit may have been a cry of despair, but when the desperate try to hurl themselves off a bridge we don't say "they've got a point". We try to talk them down, and then work to solve the problems in their lives.We MUST try to stop this disaster. 
Now that Nnamdi Kanu has resurfaced, can we now use this medium to further intensify our call for the boycott of all elections in Biafra-land.All we ask for, is a referendum for Biafra, and not restructuring, President, VP.To hell with PDP, APC, Buhari, Atiku, Peter Obi, etc. 
Imagine watching comedy where you don’t get lectured on male privilege, the patriarchy or Brexit by some self-satisfied Hampstead-dwelling bore 
Err, austerity is instability which is why in March 2019 Brexit instead of spring is coming to Britain.  
Ireland is *not* part of the UK 'Single Market'. Ireland is part of the European Union Single Market, along with the UK. The UK does not set the terms of Ireland's trading relationship with the UK, or any country.  Ireland is a partner, not a supplicant, of the UK. #Brexit  
Brexit = losing doctors and nursesBrexit = interrupted supply of vital medicinesBrexit = massive economic downturnBrexit is bad for our health and our NHSStop Brexit now. March for #PeoplesVote tomorrow 
If Brexit tears the financial ties between Britain, Europe and the U.S., this $400 trillion market will never be the same again (via @bopinion) 
7) Brexit is part of a bigger picture, linking Trump, manipulation via the media, Russian interference and a whole bunch of other nasties.It's a victory for intolerance, xenophobia, division & hate.With respect @suzanne_moore, this is the fight of our generationGrow up! 
#OnThisDay in 1915, NJ held a referendum on amending the state constitution to extend the right to vote to women. The measure failed by vote of 184,390 to 133,282. All the voters were, by definition, male.Vote like your rights depend on it this Nov. 6.#ACLUVoter 
We hope the police are wrong and the unpleasant scenes we saw straight after the referendum are not repeated.  
‘Stand up for the right. Ignore the defeatism of those who want a deal at any price, which smacks of appeasement in the 1930s. Help to save the country from Brexit. And turn out on Saturday & march for a people’s vote.’ My ⁦@TheNewEuropean⁩ column 
Editorial of @guardian on Theresa May’s Brexit: march to stop the madness.In Brussels this week, Brexit fantasy again collided with Brexit reality. This weekend’s march is an opportunity to pull Britain back from the no-deal brink. 
@carolecadwalla @peterjukes      Spot on Paddy -  can you ask Nick  right now to get Mark to release the 2016 Cambridge Analytica archive.  We can then bring a case in the UK Court and have the 2016 Referendum leave vote overturned for the Electoral crime of Undue Influence 
Advertising campaign on London Underground promoting Second #PeoplesVote March tomorrow breaches TfL’s own guidelines - Rule 2.3(n) states any “advertisement will be unacceptable if it promotes a party political cause or electioneering” #Brexit  
Just off to @BBCNewsnight to do the news review. Brexit of course. On an on to that chasm. 
I am a little bit in love with @Fox_Claire. From Brexit to trans rights she was magnificent on #bbcaq 
3rd test flight for this brand new #Airbus #A320Neo @BritishAirways  #Brexit #UnitedKingdom #AvGeek #Toulouse 
Tremendous. How EU membership undermines the left | LSE BREXIT “The EU was, and remains, the organised effort of Europe’s ruling classes to evade political accountability to electorates.” ⁦@georgegalloway⁩ ⁦@talkRADIO⁩ 
We reckon there's around 300 people travelling from #Cornwall to the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London tomorrow (plus lots of London Cornish). But we know we're marching for many, many others who can't make it - & today's #Truro Brexitometer confirmed this.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Nobody voted for this dog’s dinner #Brexit. That’s why I’m marching at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future because we deserve a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit 
I traveled to Sandpoint, Idaho to write about Idaho’s unlikely Medicaid expansion referendum. Idaho is one of three conservative states that will be voting next month on whether to back one of Obamacare’s key provisions, and it’s widely expected to pass:  
NI Brexiteer - We're going to do great out of Brexit...we built the Titanic.That's put my mind at rest!!!!  
'The Brexit vote has been a huge shock for the country, but it has made people really think about the EU, finally sweeping away our previous ambivalence' 
Shares are already plummeting and the pound will follow. Those who have their money safely in offshore tax havens - and we all know who they are - stand to make a killing. Who is really taking back control? #Brexit 
WATCH The British people are currently  being betrayed on a treacherously MASSIVE scale. #brexit please Retweet if you want May OUT NOW.  
We had a referendum. The government and the Remain campaign made clear that there wouldn't be another. A second referendum would lack legitimacy, and would surely be boycotted. My debate with Lord Adonis, chaired by @mehdirhasan. 
Every time a Brexit Blusterer tells us their version of what “it” means, in Neverland a Brexit Fairy dies. The idea that “the British government wants” anything coherent and agreed even within Cabinet died at Chequers.  
#Germany prepares emergency laws in case of hard #Brexit. Any one ask @Paschald about it? Does he know it's happening?#JonathanSugarman 
A transition period is necessary for Britain leaving the EU and also for Britain leaving Ireland. It would make sense, logistically and politically, if these transitions took place in tandem. #Brexit 
Hard to find an upside to Brexit. However Brexit conversation with my colleague a staunch Lib dem will now mean she is planning to vote YES in the next indyref. Has made my night! 
Soft Brexit. Extending Article 50 and sorting our shit out. Whatever. But it's not enough to say: this option is shit. They're all shit. It's a turd maze. 
Have a lot of time for Laura Kuenssberg who gets very unfairly treated, but this presumably careless phrasing of ‘EU empire’ encourages one of Brexit’s worst myths. It’s inappropriate, inaccurate and, to the numerous EU states who were actually colonised, genuinely offensive  
The coalition brought UK out of the crash to be fastest growing economy until Brexit which Labour enabled. LDs moderated Tories. Nick didn't destroy his party. Labour & Tory demonizing it to preserve tribalism did. LDs were right on Iraq Bosnia 2008 crash & Brexit. I admire Clegg 
We had a people's vote. It's called a referendum. The people said what they wanted to happen. It's the politicians who aren't doing what the people wanted. Not doing the job that they are elected to do. 
It's actually tragic that the manager of Spurs speaks with more eloquence and sense on the nonsense of deciding Brexit by referendum than most of our politicians. In a second language. Pochettino knows.  
“If you want to change things you need to understand them...This England, so often despised, demonised and disrespected by those who claim to represent it, needs to be spoken for”. This, on Brexit, needed to be said. Thank you ⁩ @suzanne_moore⁩ 
Rise in UK descendants of Nazi victims seeking German passports in order to remain EU citizens after #Brexit  
Brexit is the will of the people . The majority voted for it . 
It's not May anymore. The Leave(r)s know it.Tory Brexit Winter is Coming - & it'll be savage, joyless & last a long, long time#BrexitShambles  
#PeoplesVoteMarch Why am I going?2 main reasons...One is aged 2.5 the other 5 months!They are the reason I spend about 3 hours a day running this account.Brexit threatens their futures in a massive way! I have to be able to tell them I did all I could to protect them! 
There @EveningStandard I've fixed your front cover for you@George_Osborne #LosersVote #losersmarch #PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Standup4Brexit #Brexit  
The silent struggle at the heart of Brexit  | Analysis by Luke McGee 
UK ready to drop Brexit demand on Irish border - Bloomberg | Article [AMP] | ReutersAnd so May finally jumps in front of the approaching political train.#BinTheBackstop #ChuckMay 
Brexit: People’s Vote UK march, route, start point, time and more | Daily Mail Online  
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: UK to be trapped in EU customs union - May DROPS key demand  
This smug, patronising, neoliberal middle class pish shows exactly why Remain lost the European referendum and deserve to lose any second one. It made me go from about 60-40% Remain to 100% hard Brexit Leave in 1.45 secs. They've learned absolutely nothing.  
We must have a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. I’m proud of the work Greens have done on this, so join me, our members, the Mayor of London and basically everyone who wants out of this mess on the streets of our city tomorrow!  
I see @nick_clegg has just got a £4m a year job working for Facebook ...strange as your book How to Reverse Brexit didn’t mention the brilliant idea of emigration to California? Don’t you love the way former Politicians tell us what to do then do what ever lines their pockets  
This is not what I want to see in my country!Many people that voted leave are appalled that the #brexit vote caused a spike in Xenaphobia and hate crime. It's horrific.Many of these are #RemainerNow as a result.If you feel the same, get in touch. 
The phoney populism & phoney unionism of brexit, Fintan O'Toole spot on: 'it is an English national rebellion wrapped in the union flag.' 
For those @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future tomorrow! Keep those placards, flyers, digital photos and ephemera and archive them in #protest #archives @BishopsgateInst! Drop us a line at library@bishopsgate.org.uk  #PeoplesVote #PeoplesMarch #Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Pretty sure this set of contemptible fucks wouldn't have splashed out on this ad in the Times if they weren't absolutely shitting themselves.Face it, Brexit is dead.Tomorrow we bury the corpse.  
Now, from the studio, I hand you back to Brexit live  
This says it all. I had an older Jewish friend,who has sadly since passed, who swore she could never even visit Germany because it was just too painful. Imagine going from that to taking citizenship b/c of the fustercluck of Brexit.  
Placard for the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow.US agribusiness interests are gagging for the kind of trade deal with Trump that's likely to follow #Brexit - and that would wipe out much of British farming.#Cornwall #PeoplesVote 
Before the referendum, the editor of the Evening Standard promised "no second vote" - and yet now his paper seems to be calling for one. Isn't the press supposed to uphold the truth?  
Heading back to London tonight, ready to march tomorrow for a #PeoplesVote and a chance to stop this #Brexit “sh*tshow” (copyright @JohnnyMercerUK ) See you there! 
There has been a 40-fold increase in British descendants of Jewish refugees from the Nazis applying for German passports ahead of Brexit  
Always interesting that anonymous "Brussels diplomat" or "high ranking Berlin official" always says something entirely in keeping with the agenda of the person quoting them. #Brexit 
You know, an awful lot of politicians could commend themselves to posterity by tweeting their support for the #PeopesVoteMarch tomorrow. Just one tweet to have in the plus column when #Brexit is stopped and sanity restored. One tweet to rescue your future reputations. Go on. 
The Irish people in a solemn referendum voted for the deportation of children born in Ireland. That is the law. 
The government of #Togo has been paying and registering children clearly under 18 and issuing them Voter ID. These are part of the fraud mechanisms @FEGnassingbe is putting in place for his so called referendum #Togodebout #Fauremstgo 
REWARD: Seventeen space pounds* to the first Earthtard who can name a Brexit campaigner who was taken seriously as a politician or authority on anything before the referendum.*Approximately five billion of your Earth pounds 
Only 64,000 more signatories needed to get to one million! Let's get there so we can announce it to the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow!  #WATON #brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #finalsay #FinalSayForAll #FinalSayWithTheOptionToStay 
The only way to be a part of the EU would be for Wales to leave the British State post Brexit. Sounds like a good division line for me. An outward looking independent Wales under @Plaid_Cymru or Labour’s vision of Wales tied to a sinking UK ship looking back to the 19th Century 
Most Brexit voters are reasonable people who wanted to make the country better but #LeaveMeansLeave is literally encouraging ignorance. It implies Brexit is simple, and that we should ignore the details.(If nothing else: No Deal breaks the Good Friday agreement) @LeavemnsLeave 
In a single day the EU rejects the budgets of three member states and assaults the Parliament of a candidate country demanding that it renames itself despite a clear referendum NO. This is what the EU has become - it needs to be torn down brick by brick 
VIDEO: Tánaiste @simoncoveney responds to @duponline @eastantrimmp’s “vile Varadkar” remarks – saying the Irish government doesn’t engage in name-calling and that such comments reflect on the persons themselves & not the #Brexit talks process. pic.twitter.com/2OLv99JVRn 
For the first time ever I’m going to a protest March. I work in the NHS, I’m a scientist, I live in Wales, my daughter is an artist and I come from a poor background. All of these things are going to be worse off after Brexit. I can’t let this happen.  #PeopesVoteMarch 
Our friends and NE Scotland members Alex and Chiara aka @FOMTour have just arrived in London for #PeoplesVoteMarch  They did brilliant job cycling round all EU capitals to protest the loss of #freedomofmovement @rogercasale caught up with them in Rome 
I think reputation lost in 2003 and the Iraq War. 1m+ died as a consequence of the fake WMD stories. May be a bit of a shambles but up to now no one has died because of the Brexit negotiations.  
Brexiteers won't accept this from @nickreeves9876 because claiming the EU made the Northern Ireland peace agreement possible, is utter bollocks. This type of anti #Brexit propaganda is how über Remainers are going to unintentionally deliver a no deal Brexit.  
Alastair Campbell is a disaster for the remainers. I have no doubt that him  trying to stop brexit has turned many remainers into leavers. Leavers should be delighted when he appears on tv or radio talking about brexit. The man is poison. @georgegalloway @talkRADIO 
So the spokesperson for 14 car production plants in the EU & UK, building 1.5 million cars a year, using 170,000 workers warns of the dire consequences of a no-deal #Brexit.Well done #Leavers.#Brexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Some Conservative MPs are so against Brexit that they're willing to gang up with the opposition to vote down Theresa May's deal, to secure a second referendum 
Brexit will be easy. Just bash out ten of these, no bother.  
#EU 2018 Political prisonersJailed without trial.#Catalonia #IndyRef #IamEuropean #EUValues #Brexit #FridayMotivation 
So, what’s the point of any Brexit if we stay in the CU (and SM because that’s required for the Irish border solution too)? It’s membership with no voice & fewer perks. Too stupid for words. WE HELPED BUILD THE CU & SM: & we’re negotiating to make ourselves poor cousins in them!  
Inspired by @PimlicoPlumbers courageous stand, we’ve changed  our banner in readiness for tomorrow’s #PeopesVoteMarchBrexit is bad for business, bad for our communities, bad for our country.It’s not a done deal. 
Born here. Raised here. Never been anywhere else. We are seeing the damage the racist referendum has wrought. Children should not have to rely on petitions to stay in the only home they've ever known. 
**RT POLL**Which is your preferred #Brexit outcome? Please VOTE and RETWEET. 
rich people love opening coffee shops in low income neighbourhoods and calling the cops on my uncle for drinking colt45 topless at 2pm on a tuesday yelling about the quebec independence referendum smh 
Boris (rightly) backs verdict by Johnny Mercer that both May's Govt generally and her conduct of the Brexit negotiations in particular are a shitshow 
GWP reported that the Mid-terms would be a referendum on govt corruption & b/c of this @POTUS & Reps WIN big. This was B4 Demons made up trumped up charges agst a good man–SCOTUS Kavanaugh. Aft promoting violence, lies & sick attacks by Dems deserve to LOSE & LOSE BIG. #VoteRed 
Brexit will be austerity with knobs on. Wake up, Corbyn, you’re a big part of the problem.  
Some benchmarks for the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow:70k: Attendance at Arsenal home game100k: Last anti-Brexit march (June 2018)>250k: TUC anti-austerity march (2011)400k: Countryside Alliance (2002)>750k: Stop the War (2003)and of course...>17million: #Leave vote (2016) 
Don't be fooled by the outward appearance of calm Let's all pull together and rage for the country that made usOur rage may be subliminal but it's realLet's use every instrument our great democracy provides us and stand as 1 - it's the need of the hour#Brexit 
'The assumption was that Kielty’s brilliant Twitter evisceration of Boris Johnson - over his blithe assertions about Brexit and the Irish Border issue - had made him persona non grata with Sarah Sands, the show’s editor and an unapologetic friend to Johnson.' @BBCr4today 
This piece by @The_Real_JSP, suggesting that UK being a third country after Brexit is "snotty treatment" rather than what Brexit means by definition, is truly ridiculous. But it shows how the 'punishment' narrative has spread beyond Brexiters.  
Ben Jennings on #Brexittransition #TheresaMay #Brexit – political cartoon gallery in London  
So imagine the Brexit debate but this time while you’ve still got all the lies and propaganda from Leave there isn’t a single person at ANY paper or TV or radio company or in government who’s Remain and you might have a tiny inkling of how utterly fucked up this trans ‘debate’ is 
Earlier this year we saw Stanley Johnson, (who's pullout game was so bad we now have Boris), in Celebrity Jungle or whatever it's called. A shady attempt by ITV to make Tories look lovable.Well he's just has suggested that the Irish should be left to shoot eachother over Brexit 
After all his remoaning, Nick Clegg is leaving the UK permanently to live and work in California. Worldwide FoM under Brexit?  Nick should have voted leave.  
Theresa May is ready to ditch one of her key Brexit demands in order to resolve the Irish border issue and clear the path to a deal, sources say  
Should there be a second #Brexit referendum? Watch our debate with @DanielJHannan and @Andrew_Adonis, moderated by @mehdirhasan  
And in those years, Corbyn lost a general election, failed to win any net councils at the local elections, and has made his party irrelevant by supporting Brexit. What a perfect storm if incompetence the last 28 months have been. 
Pro-European MPs are calling on the public to ‘march with us’.We all need a final say on Brexit. Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow and demand a @peoplesvote_uk with an option to stay. 
There isn’t any. Brexit is a scam shrouded in fraud wrapped in a lie  
We are Nigel. We still allow you and your mate Aaron Banks to wander the streets trying to persuade people to harm our country via Brexit.  
Ohio is holding a referendum that could significantly cut mass incarceration in the state & also overhaul its drug sentencing rules, @SarahLustbader writes: 
#NickClegg said he’d leave the UK if we went through with Brexit. Fair dos. He’s gone to live with Donald  
Decided to go on People's Vote March tomorrow. Got a dose of reality today. Look at how incompetent Brexit negotiations are, when we can't  even organise a school trip across the Channel, since we don't know visa/EU travel arrangements after March 29!!!  #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
THE EU plans to treat Britain as the "rule taker, not a rule maker" during the Brexit transition period are not really surprising - because they have already largely been agreed with Olly Robbins and Theresa May, both of whom URGENTLY need to be replaced 
A man who used to run MI6 said that Brexit will compromise Britain's security  
Meanwhile, in the €urozone...◘  Starbucks ditches Amsterdam for London.◘  Unilever u-turns on plan to relocate sole global HQ to Rotterdam. London HQ stays. ◘  Paris-based Chanel chooses London for global office.◘  Spanish global bank Alantra eyes post-Brexit HQ in UK. 
The Guardian view on Theresa May’s Brexit: march to stop the madness | Editorial  
It's been almost two years since the US election, almost three since Brexit, and the only thing that seems to be changing with Facebook and their "family of apps" is the PR strategy. 
Useful ComRes polling from July 2016 for TMay on what Leave voters thought Brexit actually meant.  Just 35% said it was about leaving the single market.  
The so-called 'People's Vote' is a losers' vote. It's the work of anti-democrat millionaires, billionaires & elites who won't accept the will of the people. The people voted leave and Democracy Demands Brexit. Join us & stand up #ForTheNation   
Police bracing for #Brexit hate crime spike against EU citizens and migrants in MarchPolice fear repeat of attacks around EU referendum, which was then the largest hate crime spike on recordSays a lot about some of those that support leaving the EU  
One of my dear friends on here as added my name to her flag for tomorrow’s London ‘People’s march for the future’, and a ‘demand for a final say for the people about Brexit’ My depression has prevented me from attending. A wonderful gesture. I hope it is hugely successful   
I was a devout Remainer in 2016, but am now enthused by the opportunities of Brexit - Chloe Schendel-Wilson  
Time has come to boycott ALL EU goods cos they are trying to stop #Brexit.  
Is Brexit heading for extra time? All-new #HIGNFY. Tonight at 9pm - Only on BBC One. 
If Theresa May can't deliver Brexit on time, she should let someone else do the job, writes @andreajenkyns 
Never seen haws on a thorn like it. What does it portend? Hard winter? Hard Brexit? Hard rains a gonna fall?  
Transitioning to incomprehensibility. My latest Brexit Blog post, trying to make sense of what increasingly seems to make no sense (but suggesting that there's actually a reason for that), just up:  
WATCH: I question @sadiqkhan's support for an anti-democratic second referendum. The British people already voted to Leave on 23rd June 2016.  
If you are bored of brexit please know, this is only the beginning, we havnt even left yet! We have years and years of these problems ahead of us, maybe even decades, this will go on and on and on and on and on....Or we could just stop it!#PeoplesVote 
I don't believe any right minded #Brexiter voted for a no-deal #Brexit which will damage the UK economy and businesses, threatens jobs, will leave the general public with less in their pockets and starve the NHS of much needed funding. 
Nick Clegg will move to the US as part of his new job at Facebook… but here’s what he told Eddie Mair on Wednesday when asked if he was going to leave Brexit Britain @EddieMair | #NickClegg 
The #Brexit process has proven the age-old wisdom that the longer time period one has to complete a task, the longer that task will take.  
U.K. IS SAID TO DROP BREXIT DEMAND ON IRISH BORDER TO EASE DEAL 
Tory MP Nick Boles says Theresa May should change her Brexit plan and adopt his policy, which could "command a majority in the House of Commons", win backing from Labour and SNP MPs, and gain "a huge number of votes in the Conservative party".  
Guys, how many ordinary Luyias, Kikuyu, Kalenjin,  Kamba or Luo are miserably languishing in poverty even when their sons n daughers  hold big positions  in govt? Kenyans shud not allow politicians to control the debate on referendum. We are being set up for total destruction. 
Don’t like the term ‘second referendum’.But it’s true in that the first referendum was in 1975.The referendum held in 2016 was just a farce.The #PeoplesVote would be a referendum based on reality.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#MarchForTheFuture 
MEP @ramontremosa said this Friday that President @KRLS was "deceived by the Spaniards via @donaldtusk" when the President of the European Council called on the #Generalitat to dialogue after the referendum on #1Oct 2017. 
‘Tomorrow’s people’s vote march in London is the beginning of the end of Brexit’   
It seems the only reason the Tory Party can’t get rid of Theresa May is because they can’t unite behind one candidate to take her on. More than 2 years after the Brexit vote we are still governed by a hopelessly incompetent shambles who can’t stand the sight of each other. 
Ahead of the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow @VinceCable and @Femi_Sorry joint op-ed argue that Brexit-at-all-costs idealogues should have the confidence to chance their arm and take us on in a People’s Vote  
Dominic Grieve - Theresa May refuses to answer this question... will we be better off out of the EU? She refuses to answer that question because she knows #brexit is an "exercise in self-mutilation"@BathforEurope #peoplesvote #PeoplesVoteMarch #FBPE 
Nick Clegg has taken the Facebook job because he smells #Brexit defeat & sees no future profit in continuing to bat against UK democracy for Brussels.He'll take a cool million quid a year now, telling us he's "cleaning up Tech".Remoaners are suckers.  
Those marching to stop brexit tomorrow are marching to preserve the status quo.  It's as simple as that. #TheAntiWorkingClassMarch#AntiDemocracy 
I also hear Clegg's former Lib Dem muckers are far from overjoyed that he's chosen this very moment, just as Brexit comes to a head, to abandon the battlefield (see @amolrajan for more, ) 
“He’s not listening!” Remain campaigner and former Europe Minister in the Labour Government @CarolineFlintMP calls out @campbellclaret for refusing to accept the result of the referendum and working day and night to overturn the wish of ordinary people.  
Sammy’s lost the plot. Again.It’s getting hot in the Brexit kitchen......  
Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is Back !Now I just need him to declare NO REFERENDUM NO ELECTION for ATIKU to suffer heart attack over his base.ATIKU will be very jittery right about now   
Unlike the UK, where they'll foul our ecology for a fast buck. Does it give you an idea how they'll view food standards & animal welfare come Brexit?  
What Hon Raila n team need to appreciate is that they have no monopoly over truth n over what is good for Kenya.  It  is not entirely without good  reasons that a big section of Kenyans is opposed to a referendum. The question to ask is what is the referendum question? 
At the core of the argument for Brexit was a fundamental lie: that we can reclaim absolute ‘control’ over various matters and have no adverse economic consequences. We must expose the Brexit lie, and make sure that lies will not prevail in a true democracy. #PeoplesMarch 
Now seems HMRC would require 5,300 new staff if there’s no deal – and spend an additional £450m on #Brexit preparations next year alone. When, exactly, were we warned of this in 2016? Its Brexit debt not dividend! #EndTheChaos #LetThePeopleDecide 
Barnier has said in a French radio interview that Brexit has been driven by nostalgia. No that’s Remain’s position. He also says that no one has been able to tell him the benefits of Brexit. That’s because he has been negotiating with May and Olly Robbins. 
Some of the world’s biggest banks are selling their stakes in the largest clearinghouse for interest-rate swaps, a sign London’s global dominance in derivatives is ending 
Pay day today.After overdraft charges, I have £60 to see me through the next 4 weeks.Never tell me I'm not serious about Remain. Fighting Brexit is fucking bankrupting me. 
Analysis: The London Stock Exchange signals post-Brexit City confidence  
Red Wave Rising: Over 12,000 Voters Change Party Affiliation in Wyoming - 90% to Republican!The midterms are a referendum on government corruption. Americans have had enough.Paint America RED in November!  
The only MP talking sense around Brexit right now.  
Many voted for Brexit to close the open door to EU immigrationFar from being closed.the open door is going to opened even widerMore foreigners will be taking jobs off Brits & forcing down wages@ForBritainParty is the only party that will end immigration 
All ready for tomorrow? Wall to wall coverage on Sky News of the same people having a breakdown about not getting their way. Bring your dummies and Kleenex as people emerge from their safe spaces to have a collective moan#PeoplesMarch #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
"The example of the UK is going to scare a lot of people who might have foolishly thought about it."Former UK diplomat Sir Robert Cooper says Brexit should dissuade other European countries from leaving the EU, in the latest Politics: Where Next? podcast.  
Ever wonder how the campaign for a second referendum is being funded?Turns out the EU has been paying for it. With your money!  
“The left’s approach to Leave voters has been very patronising. On the left there's been this wave of support for internal Labour Party democracy. But what about listening to Brexit voters?" Guardian economics editor Larry Elliott talks to spiked 
Editorial: Marching for a Final Say on Brexit tomorrow is the right thing to do, no matter how you voted  
Don't listen to Liam Fox. Trade deals with the rest of the world can't make up for what we'll lose by leaving the single market and customs union. UK exports 2016£235.8bn£99.6bn£16.8bn£5.7bn£4.3bn£3bn£1.3bn#Brexit  
Brexit: France's Macron makes English faux pas over visas  
We all need the courage of our convictions. I’m immensely proud that my parents (in their 70s) have the courage of theirs & will be marching in #London tomorrow supporting a #peoplesvote. Whatever you think of #Brexit it is vital that people can express their political opposition 
To be clear:Jobs first Brexit - utter rubbish.           ‘We can get a better Brexit deal than Tories’ - utter rubbish. The problem’s not Lab’; it’s Brexit!Politicians have had their chance and failed. The people got us into Brexit; only the people can get us out. #peoplesvote 
Hosted a Roundtable discussion for Kirinyaga’s women to give voice to their Referendum views. We agreed that whether or not there is a referendum, we as women want 50-50 representation of both genders at all levels of leadership. #GenderRoundtable #KirinyagaRising 
I was finding it tough to put into words...so I enlisted the help of a friend!If you also feel Theresa May’s #Brexit is an utter disaster, join me tomorrow at 12pm for the @peoplesvote_uk march.#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVoteBanners 
I don't consider leave and remain a question of politics , i consider a question of sanity 
Saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' on Saturday is possibly the most important thing you will do this year. Join the #PeopleVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk!! #BollockstoBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
TOMORROW join us & @Women_4_Europe @womensmarchlon for a rally at 11am ahead of the main #PeoplesVoteMarch - we have some fantastic speakers lined up to make a feminist case against Brexit: @RupaHuq @lucianaberger @SholaMos1 @maryhoneyball @catherine_mayer @julie4nw please RT! 
Mark's position on Brexit:If Parliament cannot deliver a Brexit that meets Labour’s six tests, and T.May is too scared to call a GE, then the people must decide in a fresh referendum.Brexit: un o'r heriau mwyaf i wynebu ni: dyma ble mae Mark yn sefyll:#C21Socialism #MD4L 
.@VinceCable and @LibDems take sensible step of preparing for European elections given Brexit chaos - news comes ahead of #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow 
Just watch tomorrow at the #PeoplesVoteMarch What a load of #BolloxToBrexit spouted by @Nigel_Farage as @MichelBarnier says“Nobody has been able to demonstrate the added value of Brexit not even Nigel Farage whom I received in my office upon my request. 
Editorial: Marching for a Final Say on Brexit tomorrow is the right thing to do, no matter how you voted  
These now look like most likely outcomes regarding Brexit, which would you prefer with respective parties in govt? 
More straw-grasping and substance-free emoting that wilfully misses the point. #Brexit has nothing to do with any trade deal. This is a dishonest and degrading campaign to overturn democracy and keep us in the #EU. Everyone involved should be ashamed. 
People's Vote march: where the anti-Brexit rally is taking place?  - WHAT'S THE BET THIS LEFT WING MARCH WILL GET LOADS OF PUBLICITY FROM OUR LEFT WING MSM. - We ought to try & disrupt it - Like they do. 
Poll: Which is your preferred Brexit outcome? Please vote and retweet. 
There’s an old lad at Gatwick airport with a ‘bollocks to Brexit’ t shirt carrying a ‘player on the playa’ tote bag and it’s too many questionable slogans for me to handle all at once. 
One thing this whole EU referendum clarified is that Scotland is absolutely powerless within a UK union. 
There’s a world out there that can’t understand what we’re waiting for. 90 pc of global growth over next decade or so will be outside of the EU.Brexit presents the UK the opportunity to embrace an independent trade policy, brilliant for our consumers, let’s not waste it.  
It now emerges that a no-deal #Brexit could leave an £840m hole in the UK’s legal services sector. Brexit is not biased in this respect - there appears to be no profession that isn’t facing a bleak future in the face of this Brexit chaos #EndTheChaos 
Isn’t it great that Michele Barnier thinks he knows more about the British than we Brits know about ourselves.It seems we voted for Brexit because we felt nostalgic.Not because we were sick of having unelected officials deciding what our future was.Barnier va se faire foutre.  
"For my family and I, this is personal. We have seen first-hand the rise in racism caused by Brexit."  
 “Our country [the USA] is waiting, impatiently, for Brexit to be finalised and for it to occur, and to self-regulate and to make decisions,” says the Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma to @SteveBakerHW in our latest podcast. Stream it here:  
#Peoplesvote #FBPE have deleted this shameful video in which they use a five year old child to support their anti-Brexit cause. How sick is that? It goes to show the mentality of these #peoplesvote extremists, they'll stop at nothing. Poor kid - what parent would allow this?  
We are extremely concerned about what Brexit will mean for students. At the very least, we are urging people to support tomorrow’s actions calling for a people’s vote on any Brexit deal. Join us.#BrexitWrecksIt #FFS #ForFuturesSake 
Breaking News: We Ain't Leaving Lib Dems to begin process of selecting MEP candidates for European elections (despite Brexit)  
When I voted against triggering Article 50, I listened to Tooting residents. When it comes to the final proposed Brexit deal - this will be no different. Before the votes in Parliament, I want to hear your views. Fill in the Tooting Brexit Poll here: 
On the eve of the People’s Vote March Corbyn warns his front bench not to attend. He is a collaborator and full of admiration for Comrade May. Does anyone believe that he cares for the people he claims to represent. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Wake up, UK! Emmanuel Macron is right – you urgently need a Brexit plan | Pauline Bock  
Nyla formerly worked for the NHS, we have no idea in what capacity, for how long or what she does now, she hails from 'the EU' - again, vague.So a mystery woman born outside the UK that we know virtually nothing about reckons Brexit is bad.Do excuse me if I take zero notice.  
We have got to the 'end stage' of #brexit- most of the leaders are now hiding- they have admitted there are no benefitsThey are now limited to 3 chants- the UK will recover in about 20-30 years- we should survive the economic damage- we won in 2016Let's #StopBrexit asap pic.twitter.com/x7MzBJ1GXg 
The former head of MI6, Sir John Sawers, has said #Brexit will make the UK more vulnerable to attacks like the #Novichok poisoning in Salisbury. It is truly saddening that people voted for Brexit thinking it would make us safer and more secure #EndTheChaos 
Not sure it’s a smart tactic to produce an anti-Brexit clip that could easily be used by your opponents to make a pro-Brexit argument. Also, isn’t there already enough rage around this issue? What we need is dialogue. Maybe try a bit of empathy instead?  
lol okay sorry but these pro eu gofundmes are getting out of hand. i just saw one, from a new account, with no information about it whatsoever, asking for 6 grand to "fight brexit".who wants to send me 6 grand for rolling my eyes 
Someone in Lurgan has had a big day They're ready for a no deal #brexit with a brand new Irish passport and they have come out in the most public of ways Congrats @AmandaFBelfast 
If this child had been primed to speak up for Brexit instead what’s the betting his parents would get a visit from the social services?  
Decades of Tory civil war that was supposed to be finally settled through a referendum. Failure. Their rows have only grown more vicious. #ExitFromBrexit 
A second Brexit referendum is wishful thinking, writes Beth Oppenheim for @CNNOpinion  
Lord Dobbs - "The EU is an attempt to create a United States of Europe."A United States of Europe whose government we cannot change. And it will be a great day for us when we at last manage to leave the EU." #Brexit  
You live in Dublin and, according to your bio, want a United Ireland *and* oppose Brexit. Your views on David Davis are irrelevant, particularly as they seem to revolve entirely around his countenance and accent - but, for what it's worth, if he annoys you: Good.  
Yes, this is why I’ve always been against brexit, it’s the main thing, even though the economic issue is so huge.With brexit we lose our culture and economy in one appalling landslide.  
Would any Tories Brexidiots still banging on about Canada, Canada++, Chequers please kindly do one IT CAN NEVER WORK because of N Ireland & supply chains The argument now is between Remain, Norway & WTO Brexit, and good luck arguing for the last option 
Leader of the @LibDems @vincecable will demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Join him tomorrow at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future:  
Brexit & the NHS - should we be worried?  
Can I ask all business owners when faced with the tough choices of laying workers off because of the disastrous consequences of Brexit- please lay any known Leave voters off 1st. They knew what they were voting for - let them and their families enjoy 'short term pain '. 
Some think it’s ok to win a referendum by any means however mendacious then to demand the result be respected in perpetuity. I don’t. That’s why I’ll be marching & speaking at the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London tomorrow #Brexit #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
Janet Street-Porter: I voted Remain but was appalled to hear how France wants to treat us after Brexit "This snotty treatment from the country on the other side of the Channel has got my blood boiling. Enough is enough!" 
A referendum after #PeoplesVote wouldn't make sense UNLESS it was on a specific type of Brexit.People can vote to go to Mars but if none of the available rockets are good enough, it's not the Will of the People to explode in space! Show us a working spaceship. Then we'll talk. 
"This is not a general election, this is not something that can be rerun in five years' time."That's what Tom Brake said two weeks before the referendum; it's not even five years and he's already trying to have it rerun. He should have stuck to his word #RightTheFirstTime 
Almost nothing is left untouched by the prospect of a no-deal #Brexit – from food, to medicines, to travel, and now to television. We weren’t warned about this chaos. #EndTheChaos #LetThePeopleDecide 
Brexit march: Dozens of MPs join forces in call for thousands more people to attend People's Vote protest | London Evening Standard  
If we get a Brexit deal that makes NOBODY happy, the country will tear itself apart and younger generations will be the worst affected.A #PeoplesVote is the only way to avoid that so we can focus on the real change this country needs. #PeoplesMarch 
Total and utter rot.They made a CHOICE to leave England. No-one made them. Brexit hasn't even happened yet. Their concerns are that post Brexit the EU will make it difficult for them to return to Germany. How is that the fault of the UK?#Dolts 
Just months ago I marched with amazing veterans, nurses and van drivers in the #PeoplesVoteMarch - tomorrow I expect 100s of thousands MORE from every part of UK + society to fight for a @peoplesvote_uk to end the #Brexit chaos. JOIN US! @WalesForEurope @Cardiff4EU @ValeforEurope 
This is very interesting because if the Botched Brexit goes through the entire country will be Losers - except  obviously those who can move hedge funds to Ireland or return to the shelter of Belize and Bermuda. #peoplesvote 
The Tory party is ungovernable. And if it doesn't back down over brexit, if it doesn't split, the country will become ungovernable too. Can we start putting country before party, please.  
Remember @ossoff the pajama boy who lost the GA special election #FakeNewsMedia billed as a referendum on @realDonaldTrump?I've got @BetoORourke figured out: 50% @ossoff50% @SenWarren [fake Latino]& #dems plan to beat @SenTedCruz like that? #CruzCrew #CruzToVictory #TXSen 
Why the UK hasn't given up Brexit hope (yet). The latest on where we are after a rollercoaster week of diplomacy 
Corbyn has ordered his front bench not to take part in the #PeoplesVoteMarch.  Small wonder opinion polls show Labour still behind the worst Tory government ever.Doesn’t Corbyn care that #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw?Brexit is corruption. It is destroying our democracy and our economy.  
Looking forward to our Save Brexit rally in Gateshead with @Nigel_Farage @KateHoeyMP @DavidJonesMP and @BrendanChilton TODAY! Can’t make it?  Tune into our live stream here at 7pm. 
To argue that Brexit's a good thing that's just being ineptly handled by a clueless, bungling British establishment doesn't work. After Brexit, that clueless, bungling British establishment will be all powerful. You highlight one of the most compelling arguments against Brexit. 
Michel Barnier says the #IrishBorder issue could sink the #brexit talks Reporter: Can the Irish question sink the deal? Barnier: My answer is yes#PeoplesVoteMarch #peoplesvote #FBPE 
Brexit means far more disruption than Scottish independence in the single market.Leaving the EU means renegotiating every trade deal with every country including the 162 nations in WTO.Scottish independence in the single market only involves new arrangements with one country. 
In a fun twist, @peoplesvote_uk seem to have removed their video of a 5-year-old being coerced into making the case for a Second Referendum. Not the reaction they were hoping for?Never mind. Happily the evidence of this latest, frankly bizarre, piece of opportunism still exists.  
Brian Cox is warning folk over misrepresentations made during the EU referendum.At the height of the Scottish indyref Mr Cox voiced an animated dog which foretold of new oil wealth.  
No deal Brexit is a great opportunity - the Tories should start by slashing taxes I agree, but this is a government without an ounce of boldness. The smaller the majority, the bolder you need to be. 
Commons Brexit vote will be 'take it or leave it', Leadsom tells MPs 
"I can guarantee you this: there will be no hard border on the island of Ireland."Mairead McGuinness, the Irish Vice President of the European Parliament, says Brexit negotiators will not impose a hard border in Ireland.  
Says another Brexiter who thinks he knows more about business than the businesses themselves. Please listen to all those who trade with Europe. Please listen to the CBI. Brexit has become a religion relying on faith rather than facts.  
Punjab Police has arrested two members of a Khalistani module, allegedly engaged in propagating the Khalistani Referendum 2020 campaign by affixing banners and posters at public places in Amritsar. Case registered, investigation underway.  
READ @willjgore: Brexit and Trump have proved that lies are more attractive than facts #PeoplesVoteMarch #PVRoadTrip #PeoplesVote 
Eh, the Spectator does realise that Ireland is part of the EU and Irish government has shown full support for EU’s Brexit strategy?  
Why Brexit is making fools of even the cleverest people | John Crace  
Poll after poll confirm that the overwhelming majority just want to get on with Brexit..  
The O.G. Brexit  
"Theresa May cannot go for a soft compromise Brexit because she is unable to negotiate"@Andrew_Adonis explains why Brexit is a mess and how a second referendum cleans it up  
Former head of Secret Intelligence Service M16 Sir John Sawers backs a #PeoplesVote, saying:‘Our very weakness - as a result of Brexit & fraying transatlantic ties - was an attraction for Russia. The weaker a country, the more attractive a target it is for bullies.’ 
Another voice from the British commentariat predicting Irish unity. ‘A nation once again; not through boyhood fire, but by the calm logic of democracy. Brexit has merely accelerated the inevitable.’  
Even if miraculously #Brexit were stopped, I still believe we'd have an independent Scotland soon. One thing this whole EU referendum clarified is that Scotland is absolutely powerless within a UK union. 
"The Brexit elites - people like Jacob Rees-Mogg and Boris Johnson - wouldn't last a minute on a shop floor, let alone understand our concerns in a post-Brexit Britain."  
On stopping Brexit:First they ignore you, *DONE*then they laugh at you, *DONE*then they fight you, *DONE*then you win...#PeopesVoteMarch#StopBrexit#FinalSay 
If Theresa May cannot secure our freedom from the EU — then the game is up. Tories, Scottish MPs, Brexiteers, Remainers and the DUP are all in despair at the PM's constant Brexit cave-ins. May has lost the support of everyone.  Go now.   
'Deal or no deal, People Before Profit will advocate mass civil disobedience against the imposition of a hard border in Ireland. Neither side in the Brexit debate has the interests of working class people at heart".   
I don't think you understand it yourself.Freedom: Like the freedom to live work and love in 31 countries, which your Brexit is stealing from us?Democracy: Like the directly elected Members of the EU parliament who amend/approve/reject all EU law, but you don't bother attending. 
Leave. EU, Farage, Bannon, Le Pen, Wilders - indeed the Tories in the EP - all support Orban.  Brexit is part of the same dangerous game.  #StopBrexit 
There is a sad irony of a pro-Remain leader like @nick_clegg jumping ship to work for the very platform that facilitated Vote Leave's cheating in the Brexit referendum... obviously money talks.  
That exodus of companies from London because of Brexit isn’t quite going to plan, is it... 
Trade deals with the rest of the world can't make up for trade losses from a bad Brexit deal. That's why we need to stay in the single market and customs union. 
Nick Clegg "All my life I have relished grappling with difficult and controversial issues and seeking to communicate them with others" ...leaves UK with austerity, poverty, homelessness,, generational debt, legal aid cuts Brexit, secret courts and destroyed his political party.  
I know the referendum on blasphemy is not the most critical issue in the world right now, but it is happening, and happening soon. I'll be voting yes as a step towards separation of Church and State and hope you will too. #BlasphemyRef 
British relatives of Nazi victims seek German passports before Brexit  
UK exhausted from arguing with Brexit f**kwits 
"There is no type of Brexit that improves the lives of people here." - SDLP Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna MLA #wearethe56 #rally4remain  
Don't be silly.The answer is to stop Brexit and spend the billions we're putting aside (and the billions we won't lose through shrinking our economy) to **actually** invest in this country's people, its infrastructure, services and business.Brexit solves nothing.#StopBrexit 
A 'People's Vote' On Brexit Is a Terrible Idea - VICE I am really, really busy writing a book, but this is *such* a terrible idea that I am taking time out to explain it to you. 
@Andrew_Adonis nailing it again. Ie how is more democracy - especially now we are more informed - undemocratic?! Brexit misinformation machine back in overdrive mode again.  
The #Brexit deal being delivered by the #UK government is a looming disaster for #Britain & #Europe. People need to be given a final say on whether to accept it or not. That is why we call on everybody to join the #PeoplesVoteMarch through Central #London tomorrow!  
.@VinceCable to tell #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow that Brexit is causing a “tragic” split between generations  
Hamg on, 4 years ago? So in 2014 the Russian troll activity was known, but Cameron promised in 2015 to hold a referendum? Was he not informed? Were the intelligence services asleep on the job? Did May, as home secretary, not know about this?  
"I would not vote in a second referendum," Tory MEP & senior Vote Leave figure @DanielJHannan tells me on @AJUpFront today, effectively calling for a boycott of an "illegitimate" second referendum on #Brexit: 
Thursday early ballots show a huge increase in voting in favor of GOP 2018 Mid-terms will be a referendum on government corruption and Democrat mobsIf you like your economy you can keep it#VoteRedToSaveAmerica #JobsNotMob #MAGA #RedWaveRising2018 
Iain Duncan Smith claimed it's easy to sort out the Irish border issue. This is James O'Brien's stinging response.@mrjamesob | #Brexit 
ScotTories, after 2017 general election: We will vote as a bloc to protect Scotland's interestsScotTories, October 2018: ROFL ONLY KIDDING! We're actually going to vote as a bloc to ensure Scotland shares in the misery of a no-deal Brexit in our pursuit of power  
Federation of Small Businesses warns of “catastrophic” consequences of no-deal #Brexit, and the jobs it will put at risk, as “stalemate” negotiations cost members “time and money”. Businesses, indeed all of us, must be freed from this deadlock #EndTheChaos 
Very good point. The entire nation was against going to war with Iraq, but the elite ignored them. Now an even smaller group of people, want a second Brexit vote, and the elite are suddenly listening, because this proposal benefits them.Funny that.  
WATCH: This week is National Hate Crime Awareness Week. These activists are concerned about the rise in hate crime and believe it will get worse after #Brexit. That's why they'll be coming to the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow:  #NHAW 
BTW I’m slightly bemused by Remainers having a go at Clegg for joining Facebook, because of what happened with Trump and Brexit. Surely it’s better that people on our side work there, to change the culture, than not. People aren’t going to stop using Facebook, so improve it. 
I want a referendum on whether radio shows should have sound effect buttons. I vote for just talking and then playing songs without someone talking over a whistle and a police siren and a theme tune and a fake explosion every five seconds. In other news: I am old. 
Citizenship and Belonging in Ireland: #Repealthe27th ? My thoughts on why there is no need to #repealthe27th ( fully accepting it as a racist referendum ) - there is a solution, that is not about constitutional referendums! Rather, we need to legislate!  
I voted to remain... but I am totally against another Brexit vote. What is done IS DONE now. Let’s move forward together. 
Simon Harris' strategy in the health department is undoubtedly to ignore the major structural issues within it, letting it rot during his term as minister - and survive politically by playing up his role in 8th Referendum for popularity. 
When David Miliband left politics, he joined the International Rescue Committee providing humanitarian aid to refugees.Now Nick Clegg's left, he's gone to work for Facebook, who sold our data to Cambridge Analytica facilitating Brexit & Trump.I only want one of them to return. 
EU leaders did not discuss extending Brexit transition period, reveals Donald Tusk 
People's Vote march: campaigners gear up for anti-Brexit event  
May steals Labour's position hoping enough Labour MPs will vote for it. But they must not. Labour's position on #Brexit can only be delivered by a Labour government. Anything May touches will be twisted out of shape and turned to #Tory stone. #JC4PM #GeneralElectionNow #ToriesOut 
Rees-Mogg's Brexit group seek to block ban on high-powered rifles against wishes of police, who say almost impossible to defend against terrorists armed with such weapons.  
Former M16 boss says Brexit makes UK more vulnerable to attacks like Russian novichok poisoning - Politics live  
Ex MI6 boss John Sawers' argument that the Russians wouldn't have attempted the Skripal poisoning but for Brexit would carry more weight if the Russians hadn't killed Alexander Litvinenko with polonium in London in 2006, a decade before the Brexit vote 
Ahead of tomorrow's #peoplesvotemarch march, a reminder that brexit has been blamed for a record low of new EU nurses and record high number of them leaving.The #NHS cannot afford to lose such valuable people. 
Meanwhile in a parallel universe, Ed Miliband is Prime Minister, Brexit never happened, everyone is mildly happier, and Nick Clegg runs a sandwich shop in Cheltenham. 
The Brexit dictionary:1. True democrat=Threatening street violence2. Enemy of democracy=Asking for a vote.3. No deal=WTO deal4. Anti-elitist=Etonian with a monocle5. Up=down 
Pick your recipe plays with our 2019 Big Game Recipe Playbook. It’s filled with taste touchdowns!  #Nabisco 
Here you go tweeters - when all the shops empty following Brexit you can have garlic by growing your own. So - now is the time to plant - buy organic bulbs from supermarket, split into cloves, plant each in two inch hole pointy side up, cover and new bulbs ready next Spring!  
Brexit: How will Parliament vote on a final deal? - BBC News  
In another age, there would've been muskets & you and I would've been giving up our sons to the cause (on which, by the way, we'd have been on opposite sides). Anyone fighting Brexit is in my humble opinion, nothing less than a patriotic peace-loving democrat. #PeoplesVote 
Be sure to turn out tomorrow & let the UK hear your voices at #PeoplesVoteMarch.Time is running out for public displays of crying, so enjoy while you can.Don't forget to grab a free placard from whichever marxist outfit is supplying them this week.161 Days until #Brexit  
It still troubles me that the Leave campaign have stolen the branding of Tesco's 'Value' range. It's openly targeting the least well-off, with a subliminal association of Brexit with saving money. 
Amid accusations of political bias, why has @facebook hired Remoaner Nick Clegg to head up global affairs? Was it his stellar track record of killing off the Lib Dems, then losing the referendum and his seat? Support us at  
BREXIT REVOLT: David Davis to oust May as Tories rebel over 'DEAD' plan?  
From #OFOC's touring I'm telling you most Brexit voters are totally reasonable. Unlike the most vocal that you see on the news & social media.The latter have made remain voters treat those who voted leave like idiots. Treating someone like an idiot has never convinced ANYONE. 
On the verge of a nervous Brexit breakdown?  
Collapsed economy, rampant poverty, no services, rise in crime, no police, racial conflict, no-go areas, rise in vigilantism, criminal-gang control, warring factions... Post-war Iraq... or post-Brexit Britain? 
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino likens Brexit to ‘car crash’ and calls on government to halt EU departure  
What a nasty piece of work Mike is. Absolutely no need to be rude like that. Showed himself up good & proper there. A perfect example of #Brexit ignorance - doesn’t understand but more importantly doesn’t *want* to understand.Well done @Femi_Sorry for keeping your cool  
Can Theresa May Be Forced to Hold Second Brexit Vote?  
"I'll spoil my ballot and I'll vote in the Blasphemy Referendum." - @paulmurphy_TD on why he would rather spoil his vote than support any of the candidates in the upcoming Presidential Election. #TonightVMT 
Politicians aren’t doing anything. This is a referendum for a charter amendment. Voters will make this decision directly.If we can’t even have an honest conversation, it’s a pretty good indication of how worried people are that accountability might be coming.#FORon1 
Euro-elite personified: "Michel Barnier says #Leave voters are ‘nostalgic’ for the past and don’t understand what #Brexit means"  
Come on organisers of #PeoplesVoteMarch get someone to speak at the rally for #The5Million Our voice must be heard.  We are at the hard edge of Brexit all the time.  We have been disenfranchised.  Give us a chance at least to speak our minds on that platform.  
"@RuthDavidsonMSP says she never wants to hear anything more about an independence referendum, but she - daily - talks about constitutional politics... and has tried to mobilise the anti-independence vote behind her party."- @JonTonge WATCH in full:  
We should aim for a win-win outcome from Brexit that guarantees the security of the UK and the EU27.Safety and security is a collective endeavour Read my article here  ↓ 
Erm, I'd rather somebody stopped Nick Clegg and Tony Blair tbh. They've ruined (and ended, in some cases) the lives of more people than Brexit ever could   
If Brexit rips apart the financial ties between the U.S., Britain and Europe, this $400 trillion market will never be the same again.  via @bopinion 
Brexit is a contagion.It's destroyed the Tory party, it will do the same to the UK and spread throughout the EU.What's not to understand?  
Citizenship and Belonging in Ireland: #Repealthe27th ? My thoughts on why there is no need to #repealthe27th (and fully accepting how awful and racist the referendum was) - and why there is a solution, that is not about constitutional referendums! Rather, we need to legislate!  
Given how outspoken Cleggy has been on Brexit, I'm looking forward to him handing *everything* over to @DamianCollins & @commonscms committee and telling Zuckerberg to get on a jet plane, pronto. That right @nick_clegg? 
The earth is flat (via @jordiborras) ... and don't forget there wasn't any referendum in Scotland.  
This week’s #ScotlandinEurope update:  Remember Brexit is an entirely self-inflicted disaster which Scotland did not choose 
Londoners should march for the young people who need a say in their future: my piece on why I’m joining thousands of others from across our country to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit – with the option to stay in the EU. #PeoplesVote 
One thing I can say about No-Deal Brexit is that it's going to be so cataclysmic for Scotland that it pretty much guarantees independence is inevitable. 
"Mr Wilson later claimed the Taoiseach had “lost any sense of self control” in relation to Brexit, claiming his previous warnings about the impact of a no-deal had made him a “laughing stock”."  
@JasonJHunter well done on @BBCPolitics Politics Live forced  @bernardjenkin to constantly retreat into the level one empty chliche “will of the people”, “people have voted Brexit” argument. Check mate Mr Jenkin. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #PeopesVote 
Many people in Britain are restoring their German citizenship.@thomasbrake: "It says something about the unforeseen consequences of Brexit that it has prompted Brits stripped of their German nationality by the Nazis to reapply for German citizenship" 
MP says Brexit is going to "utterly disastrous" but that we still have to go ahead with it.  To hell with that.  March on Saturday and make it clear this attitude won't be tolerated. NO ONE VOTED FOR THIS. @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesMarch #FinalSayForAll 
The Tory MP Christopher Chope who is famous for blocking the upskirting law also wants to scrap the Working Time Directive after #Brexit.This basically means if you want leave from work you wouldn't get paid. He wants to steal your paid holiday. Typical Tory. 
“We do not know what they [the British] want, they do not know themselves what they really want - that’s the problem.”-  Lithuanian President, speaking  yesterday after Brexit talksThe country is being trashed because of a fight inside the Tory party 
This will not be Theresa May’s ‘Robert Peel’ momment because a customs union Brexit will stil not pass our six tests. No-self respecting @UKLabour MP would vote for it and prop this sh*t-show of a govt up. 
The People’s Vote March will bring together people from across the United Kingdom to fight for a final say on Brexit. Young @Plaid_Cymru activist @CarmenRiaSmith explains why the Welsh are marching. 
A No-Deal Brexit would be politically traumatic. But the economic effect would be pretty small - and easily remediable with the right reforms. My @telegraph column: 
Has the editor of the Evening Standard forgotten what he said in the run-up to the referendum? "There's no second vote... this is a once in a lifetime decision" #RightTheFirstTime 
.@TheGreenParty MP @CarolineLucas will share why she is demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Join her at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future:  
Let me explain @Sebdance In an election or referendum the side that gets the most votes wins. T’other side loses. We got 52% of the vote. You got 48% of the vote. We won, you want a re run because you are LOSERS. It’s not just a #Losersvote it’s a SORE LOSERS’ vote! 
NI is a low-wage economy. 1 in 3 workers here consider their work to be insecure. 1 in 4 earn below the Living Wage. Brexit is going to further compound that- Clare Moore of ICTU. 
After this length of time people are still unable to differentiate between Westminster and the EU ?. I'm down here on the ground in a minimum wage job .Hate and bigotry is what brought about brexit . Peace and love to you my friend . 
The talking up of violence because of the prospect of a hard border has been grossly irresponsible by @campaignforleo and @simoncoveney . They have also talked down this country economically over Brexit . No doubt putting off many potential investors. 
Irish Gov are trying to stop #Brexit.Time has come to stop buying Irish goods. 
Saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' on Saturday is possibly the most important thing you will do this year. Join the #PeopleVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk!! #BollockstoBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Well done @Femi_Sorry . You remained calm and composed in the face of that ignorant angry rant from a guy doing a show in Brexit who doesn't know the basics of the EU. 
Merkel 'unequivocally' supports Ireland over Brexit  via @rte 
hope zillions of #Guildford #SurreyHills #Woking #Dorking #Cranleigh #Godalming people are going to the #PeoplesVote march tomorra. Clearly brexit is such a huge thing we should get a vote on final deal. What would you vote for? #WATON #FBPE #JC4PM #BREXIT #GTTO 
#PoliticsLive"Jacob Explains Why MPs Won't Vote Again On BrexitIf no deal is agreed with EU then we #LEAVE & trade on WTO tariffsMPs will NOT be able to stop that happening"Why aren't BBC telling you this?MPs CANNOT stop us leaving if there's no deal 
Amongst all the nonsense & tension over Brexit, it's important to remember that the vast majority of folks in Ireland & the UK only have goodwill towards eachother. Most of us have English/British friends, families, neighbours or loved ones & we want ye to be happy   
Pochettino believes the only solution is for senior politicians to cancel a process he has likened to allowing Tottenham's fans to choose his starting line-up and then blaming them for a defeat. 
Nyla is a former NHS worker and hails originally from the EU. She knows that Brexit poses a massive threat for each and everyone of us. That's why she's calling for a #PeoplesVote. Join her at the @peoplesvote_uk #MarchfortheFuture -  
"Indeed the outlook for UK-based research is worrying in the light of Brexit..."  
On the first one, is it not the case that the 0.5% of GDP we spend on net EU contribution will be more than obliterated by the economic damage of Brexit and the end of frictionless trade with our largest market? There is no Brexit dividend - see the HMRC projections, all negative 
The problem I have with the current Brexit discourse is “Irish backstop” sounds like an archaic rugby position to me, and I keep on reading it in the voice of Bill McLaren. 
The referendum took place on June 11th 2004. Simon Harris was three months shy of his 18th birthday and therefore not even eligible to vote.  
We’re living through extraordinary times, with Brexit, Trump, globalisation etc....  it’s perfectly natural that people will want to join in the debate You can’t tell people not to express their opinion because a) they are famous  and b) it’s the opposite opinion to yours. 
I don't think so. Brexit is about being desperate for things to get better and politicians pointing the finger at the EU, migration, loss of control etc. instead of the flaws in our own political system and the unfair distribution of wealth and opportunity across the country. 
The VOICES of the young marching for a #PeoplesVote. 82% don't want a Brexit Future! @OFOCBrexit @Femi_Sorry #OFOC #PeoplesVoteMarch 
This #MayorsQuestionTime is unbelievable.Crime is out of control, housing targets being missed, the tube is in constant difficulties-all of which #Khan is responsible. Yet what does Labour discuss #Brexit -where the Mayor has no control! Talk about ignoring his responsibilities 
That bit on #bbcqt where the #VoteLeave Finance Department inadvertently admits they lied during the Referendum campaign   
LISTEN | DUP Brexit spokesman @eastantrimmp gives Theresa the Appease very low marks for her pathetic negotiation. Time for fresh leadership!Support us at Read more at  
Last night I commented on one solitary thread on the #BBCQT Twitter feed.The abuse got so bad last night that I just called it a night.This morning I looked at my Twitter feed and it is head to toe abuse from Remainers.That is where the political Brexit debate has descended. 
Very rare intervention from Chairman of Toyota on behalf of all Japanese car cos re rising No Deal Brexit risk:“suspended production activities resulting from failed just-in-time logistics operations, declines in revenue, and revised vehicle sales prices”  
“Parliament is gridlocked. It’s now vital that people across our country and in communities like my own are given the final say on Brexit.”MPs join forces and issue unprecedented appeal to march for a People's Vote on Brexit  
If Theresa May can't deliver Brexit on time, she should let someone else do the job  via @Telegraph 
Makes a mocha-ry of Remainers' claims that the UK won't thrive after Brexit...  
So British Government are happy Singapore (pop 5 mil) will do a post Brexit trade deal and the will buy UK cheese. The very same government that threaten iScotland with loss of trade when we keep their lights on! #DissolveTheUnion 
Barnier can't seriously be struggling for a point to Brexit, as he warned only last week that he feared UK was trying to have "a huge competitive edge” over EU 
Think historians will conclude it was a mistake having a remainer become PM, even one as tepid as May. She felt obliged to back herself into corners early on to burnish her Brexit credentials, now she needs to make compromises, she can’t take Brexiter opinion with her= paralysis. 
.@mrjamesob The people who call in saying that Brexit isn’t about short-term economic gain, it’s about the long-term, usually sound like older, retired callers who:A) Won’t be affected by short-term carnage.B) Won’t be alive to see they were wrong about the long-term. 
An amazing group of students for my Why Music Matters for Sociology course this year.  Inspired alternative national anthem nominations - serious play that thought I'd share as an antidiote to Brexit melancholia.   
Twitter, of course, did not exist in 2004. That said, Hook has a point about people now bemoaning the effects of policies their own parties supported. FF and PDs initiated the 2004 referendum. FG voted against it in the Dáil but then advocated a Yes vote at the ballot.  
Extending the Brexit transition will cost billions and achieve nothing, writes @patel4witham 
Peter Hitchens vs Lord Andrew Adonis: People's Vote Brexit debate  
Police bracing for Brexit hate crime spike  The increase in xenophobia and racism caused by Brexit is one of the reasons it's essential that we get a vote on the final Brexit deal. Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow: 
Me on why the left needs Brexit.  
A timely reminder that Merkel cannot (and will not) ‘save’ the #Brexit talks or May.(Have only been repeating this since 2016.)  
7) Dobbs & Cleverly are no great intellects, and their Brexit positions are simplistic & naive, but no one laughed at them.If Labour want to be taken seriously, the need an authentic messageThat message can only, in the end, be Remain, everything else is a fudge 
Farage: “Can you give me one piece of evidence that I was asked about this [Irish border issue] once in the run up to, no, in the 25 years up to the referendum?” Here you go, you lying fetid sack of plaque and cholesterol. Watch to the end. With huge thanks to @markdpryan. 
My cartoon Friday @TheTimes....#TheresaMay is shredded. #Brexit #Chequers #Banksy 
“Elitist loser”? Actually, @LeaveMnsLeave, I’m just an ordinary NHS doctor who sees Brexit *already* threatening my patients by driving desperately-needed EU staff away. I support a people’s vote because I put NHS patients first.  
DUP’s @eastantrimmp: - Gives May 3/10- ‘Thrown away’ strong hand- Transition extension ‘shows how out of touch PM is’- EU ‘stringing along’ until next election for new government to stop Brexit 
"A majority of all MPs would accept that the national interest favours a new referendum over crashing out." I think this is right #PeoplesMarch 
 #LosersVote a few lefties having a day out in London still not close to the 17.4 million that voted Brexit @campbellclaret you big cry baby 
British Film Icon Michael Caine Supports Brexit, Says Unelected EU Is “Fascist”  
Nissan. Panasonic. Hitachi. Toyota. The list goes on.Japanese companies have invested more than £40bn in the UK since the 1980s.1,000+ Japanese firms together employ about 140,000 people in UK in a variety of industries.Brexit puts all this at risk. 
Dear ⁦@DailyMirror⁩ this is not true.  ⁦@JohnnyMercerUK⁩ did not skip the health select committee for #Hunted.  Further, he returned to Parliament TWICE during the show in order to vote in crucial #Brexit debates.  Please correct this.  Thanks   
British exceptionalism is telling 400 million people to bow to the will of 17 million UK citizens polled two years ago regardless of the own laws/interests--failing at that-- then demanding 7 billion people represented by a global trade organization do the same. #Brexit 
Do you think a Tory government would ever bring about a real Brexit? 
Dozens of MPs - Tories, Labour and Lib Dems - are uniting to turn out for the @peoplesvote_uk march tomorrow Oct 20 in Central London on a second referendum. #brexit  
Our editorial ⁦@EveningStandard⁩ on the People’s March for a second EU referendum  
2) the fact is, simple messages work, obfuscation doesn't."We must just #Brexit" gets applause"Get me out of this Brexit nightmare" gets even bigger applause"There's no majority for being poorer" would be a winnerHowever.... 
I can’t stand @George_Osborne but this @standardnews front cover is on point. Whether you’re leave or remain, everyone should get the final say on Brexit. We’ve got to demand a #PeoplesVote. Come and march tomorrow. 
Michel Barnier on @franceinter today: "Not even Mr Farage, whom I met in my office at his request, was able to point to any value added from Brexit."This is important! Please RT! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit is a mess.It’s not the fault of the EU.It’s not the fault of Remainers “talking the country down”.It’s not the fault of Ireland. It’s not the fault of the metropolitan elite. It’s the fault of Brexiters who fooled millions of people by promising an impossible dream. 
.@HackneyAbbott's speech on ensuring our national security post-Brexit  
Tomorrow the @Independent is marching with @peoplesvote_uk to demand a #FinalSay on Theresa May’s botched #Brexit “deal”. Join us - if not for yourself, for all the one year olds like mine whose entire future is at stake  
Not quite. This has come from the people. This has been a grassroots campaign against all odds, against Brexit-friendly media and political complicity...So it is us, the public, who call on them, our MPs, to make a stand and actually... finally... represent us.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Having run out of anything constructive, positive or even remotely beneficial to say about Brexit, I now just get insults worthy of a five year-old.It’s bizarre.  
Dozens of MPs appeal for 10,000s of people to join @peoplesvote_uk march for new vote on reality of Brexit - @GarethThomasMP @wesstreeting @hammersmithandy @RupaHuq @peterkyle @MikeGapes @DrPhillipLeeMP @EdwardJDavey @thomasbrake 
Mike clashes with Our Future Our Choice co-founder Femi Oluwole over Brexit: "Of course I know what the bloody single market is!" Listen live ► @iromg | @DawnNeesom | @Femi_Sorry | @OFOCBrexit 
Extension to Brexit transition period a nonstarter as Remainers hate it as much as Leavers. Doesn’t Downing St sound out its MPs before going on wild goose chases 
Scottish Tories say they would veto an extension to the Brexit transition period in support of their fisherman. It would constitute 'a red line' if the UK agrees to stay in the hated EU Common Fisheries Policy during the withdrawal phase of Brexit Good! 
WATCH: Brexit comes down to one thing: isolation vs unity. Which do you want?Stand up for your values and march with us for a #PeoplesVote tomorrow: October 20th, Park Lane, London, 12pm - great @OFOCBrexit video!#PeopesVoteMarch 
On way to a meeting, listening to @mrjamesob on #Brexit (#BrexitShambles) and agreeing as always..."There is no plan...We're not even back to Square One. What comes before that, Square Zero...? We're at about Square Minus Seven...!"  
"I really enjoyed being in the Thick of It, but I don't want to live in it."MUST-WATCH: @mrchrisaddison is right - this Gov's botched Brexit is like a scene from the hit show 'The Thick of It' - that's why he's joining the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow:  
The time has come for Theresa May to tell the nation: Brexit can’t be done | Alastair Campbell  
Barnier tells French radio: "No-one has been able to show me any added value in Brexit, not even @Nigel_Farage, when I met him in my office at his request and I asked him." 
The Irish border stalemate and concerns about free trade agreements after Brexit have been caused by Theresa May's insistence on the UK leaving the single market and customs union.There is a solution. UK stays in the EU and both problems go away.Simple. 
Now on BBC Scotland an in depth look at what Brexit means for Scotland ...Fishing We said noFishingNo Indyref2Day jobFishingFishingUK wide voteFishingFishingNo Indyref2FishingFishingDay jobFishingFishingFishing  
“Nobody wants to step up to the plate and take on Brexit? Actually, one man does, one man could do it and that would be @DavidDavisMP” @NadineDorries#DD4PM 
Previously apolitical, I’m fed up of watching politicians, the media and others deceiving the UK on #Brexit. Saturday will be my first march & I’ve convinced a fellow apolitical friend & a despondent remainer colleague to join #PeoplesVote  
Cannot be denied that @acjimbo makes a killer point here. The politicians have constantly changed their minds on Brexit. It's only the people that haven't been allowed to.  
So the two strands of foreign influence in #Brexit go like this. Bannon meets Farage sometime 2010. Three years later Bannon starts up #CambridgeAnalytica and Breitbart London to help Farage. Both men intensify their Russian connections. 
I was on Question Time and Brexit finally broke me.  
Should there be a second #Brexit referendum? @DanielJHannan says a second vote would be “utterly illegitimate” but @Andrew_Adonis argues the majority of the public is calling for it. Watch our full show at 1930 GMT,  or . 
Anjem Choudhary is a useful bogeyman who has made many people rich and has been used to justify the perception of Muslim men as cavemen.A gay Pakistani Muslim man has just exposed the crimes committed in the names of Brexit - he's not on the front page of the newspapers. 
Jeremy Hunt, today: “All but one or two issues on Brexit settled”Everyone else, for the last two years: “Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed”So basically nothing’s agreed.161 days to go. 
Scottish Conservative MPs have threatened to lead a revolt against an extension to the Brexit transition period amid fears that it would scupper the party’s chances of victory in the 2021 Scottish parliament elections  
What I've LEARNED this week:*Tories are in meltdown*PM is still *dancing* around Brexit*MSM are in a frenzy of speculation & mis-information*De-frosting the freezer with a hammer is NOT a good move.#TGIFriday 
It’s time Britain chucked Brexit. Because it cannot be done. People like @Nigel_Farage blame May. But they fought their whole lives for something without ever thinking how they would do it. Still not owning shit 
But the problem is that all the brexiteers have resigned and run away because they’ve worked out its easier to simply blame May, remainers, Ireland and the EU for “delivering the wrong sort of Brexit” rather than take responsibility for the mess they made! 
WBD039 - interview with @giacomozucco is now live. We dissect some of @nouriel's comments in his testimony to congress, what we agreed with and what we disagreed with + Brexit + @TheB_Foundation + @monero.Listen. share, subscribe:#Bitcoin 
“Whichever way people voted in 2016, what’s clear is that the kind of Brexit we’re being offered now is very different from the fantasy put out by the leave campaign... That’s why people are entitled to say whether or not they still want it.”  
Saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' on Saturday is possibly the most important thing you will do this year. Join the #PeopleVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk!! #BollockstoBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
This daily deception has become intolerable. The ‘letter’ of referendum is leaving treaties of EU. You can do that with a soft Brexit. But ‘spirit’ is taking back control. That can’t be done. There is no spirit. The ‘spirit’ is staying in and recognising the control we always had  
If there was a peoples referendum on Brexit, now we know a lot more about what it all entails, how would you vote now? 
MUST-WATCH | "Alastair Cambpell says referendums are a bad idea - and then argues for a another one!"Two-faced Remoaner @campbellclaret gets savaged by @afneil and Michael Portillo over his support for a second vote on Brexit. Brutal!Support us at  
No-deal Brexit must be avoided at all costs, says Toyota president  
I am marching in London tomorrow, people will be marching tomorrow in Belfast. Why? Because we think that #Brexit is an unmitigated disaster and threatens the unity, prosperity and security of our country. London or Belfast, be there, don't not be there, this is far too important  
The EU gangsters think Brexit can be stopped and in this warped scheme they have a great ally. Her name is @Theresa_May. 
March with tens of thousands of 'elitist losers' on Saturday to save the country from the 'elitist wreckers' (see below) intent on making a killing out of Brexit, whilst destroying our country and our futures. @peoplesvote_uk #peoplesvotemarch #finalsay 
"While in the meantime, politicians have been happily changing their minds & position on Brexit, we're told we're allowed no further say."WATCH: @acjimbo, presenter of the Totally Football Show, on why we need a #PeoplesVote to make our voices heard.  
Is the Irish position that there will be no hard border, no matter what, tenable? Doesn’t it mean those in favour of a hard Brexit or those merely against the customs union backstop can argue there is in fact nothing to fear and no threat to peace?  
This young woman, admitted to being employed by Vote Leave as a 'finance officer'. But she has other connections to Matthew Elliott, at the heart of many anti EU, right wing 'groups'. She is/was Ops Manager for the Taxpayer's Alliance, and writes for Brexit Central  pic.twitter.com/3qFkEA6BSo 
Watch Minister Michael Creed TD @creedcnw discuss the readiness of the Irish #agrifood sector in dealing with #Brexit and the importance of market diversification to locations like #China in our latest Beyond Brexit Interview  
Well done @LeaveMnsLeave this is hilarious  #LosersVote #Brexit  
Hindsight and all, but a Brexiteer should have been in charge from the start. Im not a fan of Brexit, but it would have given the UK some backbone and desire/will in talks with the EU. May needs to go now to save us all from this humiliation, and also from a possible Corbyn govt 
Scottish Tories say they would veto an extension to the Brexit transition period in support of their fisherman 
NEWS! Letting people vote on a final Brexit deal is undemocratic, insists desperately confused Brexiter  #PeoplesVote 
I’ll be debating #brexit on @SkyNews just after 10:35 UK time 
  Don’t miss this great speech about Brexit (and much more) that the Dutch Parliamentary leader of the Democrats 66, Rob Jetten, gave in the House of Commons.(Scroll down to English)#brexit #EU #Netherlands #UK #D66 
Just a thought. But if David Davis had a solution to the Brexit deadlock, maybe he should have suggested at some point during his two years as Brexit Secretary?  
WTF!? Singapore happy to buy British cheese? Don't they know there will be none left after Brexit? Crazy talk. Singapore must have gone far-right. 
Galley Beggar will be on the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow. Partly in solidarity with your European friends. Partly because Brexit is a moral outrage. (And very silly.) Partly, more selfishly, because our future survival depends on it. Hope to see you there. 
Campbell "I am against referendums"Campbell "let's have another referendum"Campbell "protest marches can't dictate policy"Campbell "we're having a march which can't be ignored"Why is this mendacious shaft given any airtime?  
So our remaining Brexit options are:Slightly fucked Quite a bit more fuckedTotally utterly completely fuckedThe living envying the dead  David Davis as Prime Minister 
No one voted for this. Join us on the #PeoplesVoteMarch tomorrow to demand a say on the Brexit deal  
LATEST: @DavidDavisMP 'being lined up for PM' as more letters go in against May. Enough talk, action is now required to save Brexit. @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @patel4witham @OwenPaterson 
The Brexit that was promised to leavers is not remotely possible.This is no way to do democratic politics. - @Manuel_TSSA 
Its speakers muscle on to the platform. SWP placards are everywhere. Now because of its leaders' support for Brexit since the 1970s and the, I hope, self-defeating cowardice of Labour 's electoral calculations, it is nowhere to be seen. 
It's a sad thing that with so much at stake we can't get 2 million people together to demand the result of the referendum be followed. What's going to happen is obvious and we have no one to blame but ourselves. 
There is a furious centre-left anti-Brexit reaction building and Corbyn and McDonnell are at best an irrelevance and at worst its enemies. Nothing like this has happened to the far left for decades. Normally it is all over protest movements 
Mmm. The man who achieved next to nothing as Brexit secretary is now the man to take us through Brexit...  
Losers' vote .. love it  #Brexiteers #brexit  
Covering the government's divisions over Brexit increasingly feels like covering a toddler's changing opinions on breakfast minus the redeeming features like the cute little cheeks or the hope they'll ensure you're provided for in retirement. 
Need broader vision of change we want to see to move the country forward. That’s why we do need to ask those other policy qs, several prominent Tories support People’s Vote but don’t care about inequality! Ending Brexit doesn’t automatically make everything ok! 
The responses in just the past 10 mins show how people misinterpreting my thread to say Brexit doesn’t matter... I’m literally on telly every week arguing with a Brexiteer, obviously I think it’s a bad idea!!!! But we can’t act like things were good before the Brexit vote. 
Scotland's very own Boris Johnson wannabe, openly admitting that he'd prefer a Brexit outcome that would be catastrophic for Scotland's economy.He's also prepared to risk the health of his constituents, which would be endangered by disruption to the supply chain of medication.  
Icelandic foreign minister to UK: Please join EFTA: #efta #brexit 
Britain has warned that a no-deal Brexit risks London being frozen out of the global diamond trade  
President #Putin: Crimea is our land. We are not going anywhere. Why is it our land? Not because we went there and took it. People came to a referendum in Crimea and voted for independence, first, and then for being part of Russia #CrimeaIsRussia 
Dozens of South East MPs today issued an unprecedented appeal to tens of thousands of people to join a march on Parliament for a second referendum on Brexit  
Ministers have asked in recent weeks for MPs to put the 'national interest' ahead of party priorities in the considering Mrs May’s Brexit proposal. Mr Davis - who is admired by Labour MPs - would be the perfect MP to unite Parliament, they say.  
LOL: @LeaveMnsLeave call out the Losers’ Vote campaign with newspaper ad. “Second referendum campaign is a con promoted by elitist losers who cannot accept democracy unless it goes their way.” 
Are you sitting comfortably? Some Tory MPs tell me David Davis is being lined up as an interim leader to take the UK through Brexit talks. DD - 70 in December - would then stand aside for a younger leader late next year. 
I used to think British Exceptionalism was just that thing where Brits would justify their feelings of inate superiority over all foreigners.  But now I realise the British are indeed exceptional, because no other country would self-destruct though #Brexit in the way the UK will. 
“It is time for the Government to be bold & throw off this search for some kind of Customs Union membership that pleases the EU but twists the UK in knots & fails to deliver on the referendum & manifesto” Iain Duncan Smith#StandUp4Brexit #BinTheBackstop 
Your Country Needs You on Park Lane, midday, tomorrow, the People's Vote March @peoplesvote_ukMarch for the Future - yours, your children & their children. Time is running out to send the PM & her Govt the message that Brexit isn't the will of the UK people!@campbellclaret 
DUP reject moves to extend Brexit transition period in fresh blow for Theresa May  
"Brexit is a threat to Ireland, the U.K., the rest of Europe — and the U.S. too"  
"Project Fear Mark II, this idea that we’ll be impoverished after #Brexit, is complete cobblers. I’d rather have a clean break than what currently seems to be on offer: Remain in all but name"Guardian economics editor Larry Elliott talks to spiked  
If you're reading this, random dudes, save yourselves some time. Don't offer some generic solution you haven't properly thought through for a business you know nothing about. Just admit this: Brexit is causing harm to others, and it will cause more. This is on you. 13/13 
Excellent article by Iain Duncan Smith. The car industry is a relatively small part of the economy (less than 1%). And their howls of protest over #Brexit need to be kept in perspective.  
 JUST 24 HOURS LEFT UNTIL #PEOPLESVOTEMARCH This is our last chance to demand a final say on Brexit. Stand with us and @Scientists4EU so together we can save our NHS. 
Yes I voted Remain but that isn’t what defines my politics. How sad that we’ve let our understanding of the world boil down to just where we stand on Brexit. Sad times. 
Incredible to me how many people tell me that they want to know my stance on Brexit and People’s Vote as that’s their red line. What about my stance on draconian public spending cuts? On the way we run our schools and hospitals? Our gross inequalities? Saudi arms sales?! 
Bloomberg über Theresa Mays Auftritt in Brüssel: "German Chancellor Angela Merkel noted afterward that she didn’t really understand what May had said but that she would ask Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier to explain it to her."  
Brexit broke our country in two and fragmented social unity. Our humiliation in these negotiations was utterly predictable and entirely deserved. We have united the EU against us, at a time of rising global instability and peril. We will pay  heavy price.   
Presenting the Brexit Trident Test: if the impossibility of this object becomes apparent when studied for a few moments, you’re a Remainer. If the impression of solidity stays with you, even after your mind has taken in the contradictions, you’re a Brexiteer.  
‘@JohnnyMercerUK tells it straight: “I wouldn’t go and vote.““Disdain with which people have held politicians will reach a crescendo if we don’t deliver on that referendum result”“We’ve lost this ability to fight, to scrap for what we believe in” 
We’re all used to government projects going past deadline and over budget. But politicians were tasked with a job to do in June 2016, and the #Brexit negotiations need to get done.This week's @CityAM article: 
Many saw this 2+ yrs ago.#Brexit was lost when May backed by Corbyn invoked A50 w/o a clue or due diligence..an act ofGROSS NEGLIGENCE.Whether there's a fudge or no deal ALL versions of this #BrexitShambles Threaten Rights Jobs & our Future.#PeoplesVote #Remain option NOW. 
On June 23rd 2016 the people of the UK voted to LEAVE the EU. Trade deals and the like were all secondary to the desire to LEAVE. Now we are told we must stay until 2021 - all the air is being sucked out of Brexit by May.  
Are the Scottish Tories really so blinkered that they think a marginal political advantage for them in three years time is more important than avoiding the international catastrophe of a no-deal Brexit? Astonishingly small-minded and short-sighted. 
If Theresa May can't deliver Brexit on time, she should let someone else do the job, writes @andreajenkyns 
Tired of Theresa May, David Davis, and Boris Johnson leading us down this embarrassing Brexit sideshow?Join our march against Brexit tomorrow. Details below  
Here is what Leave-dot-EU were posting ON THE DAY of the referendum.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says ‘billions’ paid for Brexit transition extension should fund Universal Credit instead 
A well constructed, well researched and somewhat terrifying analysis of the Truth about #Brexit   
As you know, there was virtually no food in Britain before it joined the EU. People were forced to live off pork scratchings. Now, after Brexit the UK will starve. There is no way to import food from non-EU countries. Britain is doomed. 
Labour's @CarolineFlintMP takes on second referendum campaigner Alastair Campbell. Why have people like him ignored the voters for so long?  
FARAGEAt "the European Council meeting, for several hours, I was forced to listen to widespread mockery being directed at the UK.The EU gang think Brexit can be stopped. And in this warped scheme they have a great ally, Theresa May" via @Telegraph 
I see the bloviating Twitter bully Andrew Neil is still doing his relentless quote-tweet grandstanding. A reprehensible stain on the BBC as well as an overrated agenda-driven Brexit/Tory mouthpiece with skin as thin as graphene  
BREXIT: Thousands head to Westminster for People's Vote Brexit march - are you going? / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Daily Briefing:- After #Brexit, Europe turns its gaze to Asia at Brussels summit- EU's Barnier says Brexit deal 90 percent done- China economic growth weakest since 2009Catch up on the headlines:  
March tomorrow in London to say Enough! End this national humiliation! I make the case for a second referendum & UK staying in EU:  @peoplesvote_uk @FFSake_ @InFactsOrg @OFOCBrexit @TheNewEuropean @euromove #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote @Scientists4EU 
Unintended Consequences of Brexit: A longer transition period gives businesses more time to pack up and leave the UK.Why? Because once we're in the transition period, we're already out of the EU. There's no way back. No more uncertainty. The situation's clear. 1/3 
Oops. Silly me. '@O2' should say '@theresa_may's Government' and 'Nokia 3310' should say 'any possible Brexit deal the EU can agree to'. There might be a spec of nostalgia there for some people but it WON'T. DO. ANYTHING. Especially anything you expect from a phone in 2018.6/end 
My wonderful hubby @TimAStephenson nailed it this morning, as I am absolutely worn out after this rollercoaster week of #Brexit stupidity:“It’s exhausting giving a shit. Keep going”.Then off he went to work in his #StopBrexit t-shirt  pic.twitter.com/iqdqYjYCxq 
ITS TIME TO GET SOMEONE IN WHO CAN DELIVER THE #Brexit WE VOTED FOR #GetMayOut 
In our opinion, ANY #Brexit must be avoided. It's bad for Britain, it's bad for citizens, and it simply leaves a bad taste in your mouth! Time to #StopBrexit. 
The UK Government will today attempt to challenge an authoritative ruling of Scotland's highest court that could prevent Brexit. #Scotland #desperate 
You don’t get a fully-funded NHS by burning £££ on thousands of civil servants, customs officers, £billions in medicines stockpiling, fallen £, fallen investment & road re-shaping for lorry queues.There’s no ‘Brexit dividend’. It’s a fiscal loss. That’s been demonstrated amply. 
To FFers campaigning for #EricZhiYingXue - you caused this with a completely unnecessary referendum in 2004. I remember it vividly because it was held on the same day as my first election. And it was toxic.  
Serious question. Do you feel @BBCr4today is disproportionate in its coverage time regarding Trump and American politics compared to the attention it pays to #Brexit and the EU?  I do. 
Things are looking up:-Party when David Mundell Resigns-Party when Theresa May is thrown out-Party when BREXIT is cancelled-Party when indyref2 is called-Huge party when Indy Scotland is declared. 
Out today, this 80 page report on the economic impact of Brexit - do read. It shows that, of 14 independent studies, in every deal scenario, only one study shows any positive benefit. EVERY MP should read this: Pls share #FridayFeeling #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I mean, didn't Hannan and Farage both suggest staying in the customs Union in the weeks before the vote?Anyway, I don't want to get into a big Brexit chat, I just don't like how disingenuous the idea that "people knew what they were voting for" is. Most didn't. We still don't. 
Wonderful to see a famous #FamilyBusiness like Stannah take a stand against #Brexit!#PeoplesVote#PeoplesVoteMarch@peoplesvote_uk 
Walk away ....Only way .........  No one in their right mind wants another year of Brexit transition – except the EU | City A.M.  
In a sea of mud, @peston is crystal clear on May's dilemma. Accept a Customs Union -> EU agrees a deal -> get toppled/split party. Keep it as a "red line" -> No-Deal Brexit -> American rat droppings in your cornflakes. (and meanwhile, Scotland, like a coiled panther... )  
Their Brexity wet dream is slipping through their sweaty fingers and they're lashing out in impotent rage.We must be doing something right.#Brexit  
After an advisory referendum won by shameless liars, Britain seems determined to become a international laughing stock, negotiating its own economic and cultural meltdown against public sniping from idiotic ideologues who don't have any negotiating to do. 
Theresa May isolated as party turns on 'chaotic' Brexit plan and EU leaders give her the cold shoulder 
#TheresaMay a litany of failureNot a Conservative bone in her bodyWeakCan't negotiateCan't debateOut of touchDuplicitousDecimated the policeSlashed the armed forcesRaised taxesPanders to the leftSold out BrexitDamaging the UKA hopeless PMThe game is up#MayMustGoNow 
Brexit your fucking face tonight pic.twitter.com/wwq54YW5rE 
As the Brexit talks flounder, politicians and pundits are now saying there WILL be either a new referendum or a General Election. A GE won’t fix this mess. We need a #PeoplesVote.  Let’s get the message out. #PeoplesMarch. 
Yes Cameron's poorly thought through Referendum gamble has proven very reckless indeed and not united party or country.  
Enough of the lazy ageism – don’t blame us ‘greedy oldies’ for Brexit.Plenty of us over 50s fighting to kill Brexit!  
Jeremy Hunt: "All but one or two issues settled on Brexit"!Those two issues are 1)how do we leave2)When do we leaveLolIt's all but sorted then lol!Incompetent Twats couldn't negotiate their way out of a paper bag! 
Please EVERYONE IN THE UK- March for the People's Vote Saturday Oct 20th !  Brexit is THE greatest threat to Liberty, Prosperity, Civility, Legality, Decency & Peace that Britain has faced since WW2. WE MUST STOP THIS FASCIST COUP BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. 
Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong says Singapore and the UK can do a 'short form' trade agreement post-Brexit to continue trade as if the UK was still in the EU and then work out  "better long term arrangements" later #r4today 
Jeremy Hunt, on Radio 4 just now, the second minister in a week to say a hard Brexit necessary to pay for the changes needed to #UniversalCredit. What like when Leave was necessary to give the NHS that extra, since missing, £350 million per week, you mean.What baloney! 
From all over UK ppl of all ages, backgrounds and political views including former #Leave voters will march tomorrow for a #PeoplesVote deal or no deal w #Remain on the ballot paper You can take back control of #Brexit & end the chaos @peoplesvote_uk See you there! 
The referendum didn't come out of nowhere either. It was championed by Michael McDowell, then an ambitious right wing minister and now occasionally posing as saviour of the Republic from the comfort of the Senate.  
DUP reject moves to extend Brexit transition period in fresh blow for Theresa May 
When I voted against triggering Article 50, I listened to Tooting residents. When it comes to the final proposed Brexit deal - this will be no different. Before the votes in Parliament, I want to hear your views. Fill in the Tooting Brexit Poll here: 
Please EVERYONE IN THE UK- March for the People's Vote Saturday Oct 20th !  Brexit is THE greatest threat to Liberty, Prosperity, Civility, Legality, Decency & Peace that Britain has faced since WW2. WE MUST STOP THIS FASCIST COUP BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. 
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender 
Rees Mogg stating that the Govt is failing to stand up to the EU RE #Brexit & has a weak negotiating plan letting the EU set the terms.Largely because you & your Govt forced A50 thru w/o a clue having failed to undertake any due diligence.That's GROSS NEGLIGENCE#PeoplesVote 
The Govt is failing in its Brexit negotiations. We face the real risk of a bad deal, or no deal. Both would cause huge damage to London & the UK.Tomorrow, I’m joining people from every corner of our country to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
But actually Robert there can be a #brexit deal but we'd need a GE & a @UKLabour government to achieve it. It would be helpful if the MSM told it how it is. May's stalling will  cost £billions more & just delay the inevitable. It's clear we need @Keir_Starmer & #JC4PM @itvnews 
The leaders of the #PeoplesVote are continuing to ignore the concerns of people outside our university towns and cities just as they did years prior to the referendum. They are furthering division in exchange for a grandiose two-finger salute to 17 million people. 
I see no prominent Brexiteers endorsing the #PeoplesVote, which comes as no surprise given that it is clearly an opportunistic move to roll back the referendum and disrupt what little progress is made in the negotiations. 
Yes, the negotiations have been abysmal but the fundamental reason we elect politicians is to get on with the job, no matter how difficult it is. We don’t need a second referendum. We need competent leadership. 
I still feel disgust when I think of the referendum in 04. It was our worst instincts being whistled at for local and euros elections. @labour @greenparty_ie opposed at the time even though we knew it was designed to damage us. Being born + raised here does make him Irish IMO  
I’ll be on @SkyNews’s #AllOutPolitics talking about Brexit negotiations with a @adamboultonSKY today at 11:15 UK time/12:15 Brussels time.You can stream Sky New live here: 
The Indian Vice-President  @MVenkaiahNaidu tells @SkyNews “let’s wait and see what happens with #Brexit first” when I asked him if a trade deal with the UK is doable. He and repeasentives of 51 countries are arriving in Brussels for EU/Asia summit. 
Former army officer, Johnny Mercer a Tory MP, has labelled the government “a shitshow” and said he would not vote Conservative and labelled Theresa May’s Brexit plan a sign of a “classic professional politician”. 
Theresa May isolated as party turns on 'chaotic' Brexit plan and transition period extension: Brexit News for Friday 19th October 
I'm hearing on @BBCr4today the GB Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt saying that because he said the EU was like the Soviet Union, the EU realized it had to adopt a more positive attitude towards the Brexit negotiationsOr are my ears deceiving me ? Anyone else heard that too ? :) 
It’s Friday; so it’s constituency day! Kicking off with breakfast round table with local Camden businesses. All and any concerns ranging from Brexit to business rates and litter will be discussed. There is no substitute for face to face engagement. 
Pathetic to hear @Jeremy_Hunt trying to claim link between his EU=Soviet Union speech and so-called ‘progress’ on Brexit. What progress? @peoplesvote_uk is the only way out of this car crash 
Exactly right. The most common response from committed Brexit voters in my old constituency - Barnsley voted 68% leave - was “I’m happy if it’s just about trade, but I want out of the political union.” Staying in a customs union ought to be part of a national compromise.  
Extending the transition period is just a statement of the obvious, you cannot negotiate a trade deal in 2 years. But the key point is this: the Brexit people were sold is undeliverable, and there is no majority for May's deal in the House of Commons.  
WATCH: @CarolineFlintMP absolutely takes apart second referendum cheerleader @campbellclaret. Quite incredible Campbell still promoted on mainstream media given he told Boris to “fuck off under a bus” and Arron Banks to “go drown yourself”!  
‘We are leaving the EU in the letter and spirit of the referendum vote’ says Jeremy Hunt. The ‘spirit’ is just what anyone wants to say it is. But the letter. What ‘letter’? @BBCr4today 
Priti Patel MP on Brexit to @JuliaHB1 on @talkRADIO: “All we have heard is regressive doom and gloom scenarios which are simply not true. The government needs to reset its language, its engagement and be very clear there is an opportunity for a reset" 
.@Jeremy_Hunt unambiguous that @theresa_may will never agree to indefinite membership of the customs union. As I pointed out yesterday that almost certainly means there cannot be a Brexit deal. This is very serious  
“Democracy does not mean “one people, one vote, once”. As the former Brexit minister David Davis memorably put it, a democracy is not a democracy if it can’t change its mind.”  
If Brexit was so beneficial, and so easy as stated by Leave, why would it not have been figured out and delivered after 2 years by Davies, Johnson, Gove et al.. #BrexitReality 
The current #Brexit proposal is the #1 risk to the UK’s creative industries. Want a #FinalSay on #Brexit. Join us at tomorrow’s @peoplesvote_uk & follow our simple guide to how you can directly pressure the government to hold a second referendum:  
Trouble with a longer Brexit transition period is that so long as the Conservative party remains mad & ungovernable & the DUP remain in govt, can't see what more time actually changes. 
Brexit: PM faces backlash over possible extension to transition period  
Only a swivel eyed theocrat would suggest that an EFTA/EEA approach “effectively reverses” the referendum result ...Oh, it’s Steve Baker...QED.#Norwayornoway 
Singapore PM signs a trade deal with the EU today incl the UK 'whilst it is within the EU'. 7 years to get there; still another year for the EU Parl & each member state to ratify.He says the UK can't be Singapore as it's nr Europe & won't infl from within#Brexit#PeoplesVote 
Just shows the weak country we are becoming. Allowing terrorist and hate preach to roam free and a government to weak to negotiate Brexit, this country is becoming a laughing stock within the world. 
Brexit is a farce fast developing into a tragedy. As Timothy Garton Ash says, ‘Britain is increasingly viewed with pity or contempt’:  
Brexit is neither the beginning or the end of the solution to our glaringly unequal society. We can’t keep papering over the cracks by ignoring critical issues & blaming the EU. But Brexit keeps our political, economic & social energies tied into trauma for years ahead. /9 
Oh the panic from those Tories who can see those new financial regulations looming after all.  Just when they thought they were safe.  Surely nobody thinks the exit date of 29th March 2019 was plucked out of thin air? #Brexit #peoplesvote 
Singapore’s Prime Minister on @BBCr4today suggests the EU deal signed today can be easily extended to U.K. only after Brexit. So a cut & paste job. This EU deal splits investment & investor protection from the trade deal to allow much easier ratification, as U.K. deal would 
Retweet if you think it is time for Mrs May to step aside. #Brexit  
#BREAKING EU's Barnier says 'yes', Irish border issue could sink Brexit deal  
New #EU #Singapore free trade agreement being signed today in Brussels. Result of years of  negotiation. Follows recent EU agreements with Japan and Canada. UK benefits from these because we are an EU member. #Brexit 
The society that we have become in Brexit times is not a society we can be proud of. Death threats, an assassination, vilification of judges, the civil service, anybody with a different view. Rising hate crime, social intolerance. And we aren’t alone. /7 
.@BrandonLewis don't you understand you have totally lost your core voters because of @theresa_may with her lies, ineptitude and cowardice over #Brexit #wakeupcall #maymustgo 
More than 100,000 people are set to take to the streets of London on Saturday to demand a people’s vote on Brexit  
And yet bizarrely, 2 years after the EU Referendum, Nish Kumar hasn't bought himself a one-way ticket to Mogadishu.#BrexitMeansBrexit 
It’s not easy to have another referendum, nor is the outcome certain. But we are in the invidious position where MPs are frozen between a vote that took place in dubious circumstances, without material facts & without today’s reality. So, it is probably the least worst option. /6 
In other news, the FT runs another in long line of articles today by its ‘editorial director’ attacking a people’s vote & calling for Brexit on the best terms going. So don’t take Lionel Barber the pro-European too seriously  
Theresa May faces REVOLT as ex-#Brexit minister Lord Bridges slams her #EU plan 
Remainer @JohnnyMercerUK says everyone hates Chequers, which is a typical politician “not making a decision”, Mercer fears “the disdain with which people have held politicians” will “reach a crescendo” if Brexit isn’t delivered as set out in the referendum. 
It’s you and your fellow #LosersVote cry baby antics that will do the damage to the lives an livelihoods of @UKLabour MP constituents (like you care) - respect the 17.4 million and support Brexit @campbellclaret instead of going on a vanity wank ‘peoples’ march 
So what a pity Lionel Barber can’t bring himself & the FT to support a people’s vote to stop Brexit. All pose, no substance  
Like it or not, It’s time to think seriously at no-deal Brexit. My Telegraph column:  
I'll be on one of those coaches from Shropshire on Saturday. Glad I'm able to go on #PeoplesVoteMarch calling for #FinalSay referendum with option to #Remain so UK can #ExitFromBrexit Public mood's now firmly behind #PeoplesVote which is why Brexiters are increasingly desperate 
He might say the country will not forgive the Conservatives for a generation if we end up with Jeremy Corbyn but that is nothing compared to how long it will take to forgive if we end up with Brexit. #peoplesvote 
Here you are. In a street near you, from March 30th 2019.#Brexit #BetterToBePoor 
Brexit crusader @andreajenkyns has hatched a brilliant plan with conservative think tank @bowgroup to derail Theresa May's treasonous plans to extend transition and waste billions more. Support us at  
DUP Brexit spokesman Sammy Wilson tells Julia the Irish border issue is being used as an "excuse to delay or stop the UK leaving the EU." Listen live ► @JuliaHB1 | @eastantrimmp | @duponline 
Tory Council meeting yesterday was Brexit ‘shitshow’ in microcosm:•party before country•they reject the detail and deny bad news•they use populist slogans as policy.... it is deliberate, managed ignorance•they won’t be there for you because they’re not now#PeoplesVote 
Things are so bad that a Conservative MP says he wouldn't vote for the @Conservatives. And it's basically due to #Brexit, the most divisive idea in modern British history. 
This “violence will return to Northern Ireland if there is a border” is just the latest, last gasp scare tactic by Remainers to stop Brexit. There doesn’t need to be a border. The check points, pre Good Friday, were there for a very different reason. 
Poor Dan howling at the moon over all the control Latvia and Lithuania have taken back as a result of Brexit. 3rd country means 3rd country - time to get used to it, Dan.  
Go Femi.  Sometimes we need to speak very fast to get a word in edgeways about Brexit.  You are an expert! #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
#Brexit: 'They'll huff and they'll puff but they won't blow the house down' - Labour MP @ChukaUmunna says he believes there isn't a majority in the House of Commons with a continuing will to leave the EU.  More on the negotiations:  
Johnny Mercer: 'I wouldn't vote Conservative, my party is being ridiculed because of Brexit'.  
With the planned 2019 Nigeria general elections in view, God is in His own wisdom, steadily working out modalities that will precipitate speedy Biafra referendum. Many people are yet trying to...  
We will be watching both Jubilee and ODM "legislators" on our screens na kizungu mingi telling you why we need this referendum! Wakenya msikubali kubebewa akili! We have the power to say NO! Wanjiku is in dire need for service delivery ATM, not referendum.#TheReferendumWeWant 
Petition · Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal ·  917,610 have signed. Let’s get to 1,000,000! 
Leadsom on R4 confirming the government's stranglehold position meaning that #Brexit will happen in March 2019 no matter what anyone thinks, says or does. That's the reality of the situation -undemocracy has been achieved, by neutering MPs. No votes = no power. 
Have you wanted to support the call for a First Nations Voice referendum, but been unsure of when & how to do so?No more excuses. Start planning, organising, initiating in your org or community: from Sunday 4 November it’s a week of action. From many actions, big things grow!  
Brexit. What a shambles. What a distraction. What a mistake. What a shame. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesMarch #BrexitShambles 
Good to hear @RachelReevesMP strongly for @peoplesvote_uk on @BBCBreakfast (mention the march next time Rachel!) Northern Labour MPs not prepared to pretend Brexit good for working class areas really important in debate  @MPphilwilson MP for Leave seat speaking #PeopesVoteMarch 
“I hope it is a referendum on the climate change issue and I think you forfeit your right as a government if you do not have a climate action policy.”  John Hewson #auspol #TheDrum 
Brexit is a disaster! It will only do UK harm.The #PeoplesVoteMarch to  #StopBrexit is tomorrow!Weather forecast is good!Be able to tell your kids that you helped stop this madness!If you are a #RemainerNow join us for a free march drink from 11 on old park lane. 
Jewish families in UK who fled Nazis are now seeking German passports. "Sharp rise in applications"...  Says an awful lot about Brexit...   
We have a Leave prime minister who supports Remain, Tory MPs who hate the Tories, DUP MPs who hate Ireland, Labour MPs who hate ...Thank God Brexit is destroying Brexit - & we can have a people’s vote to end this nightmare  
May insists Brexit deal can be done after summit ends without breakthrough  PM Mays "DEAL" means ordinary people keep paying £Billions to fund the creation of a undemocratic EU Republic, which is good for the Globalists but very bad for ordinary folk. 
Failing to land a Brexit deal in the scheduled time & offering up transition period extensions, Theresa May is being eaten alive by her own party. Brexit is impossible to deliver in any form that won't sink the UK. The fantasy was a tissue of lies, we need to #StopBrexit #r4today 
THE EMERGENCE OF BUHARI AND ATIKU AS 2019 ELECTION PRESIDENTIAL FLAGBEARERS IS DIVINELY ORCHESTRATED TO FAST TRACK BIAFRA REFERENDUM  
#Brexit Can we have a day without usual lot of Halfwits  come on TV & Radio. Brexit bashing & banging on about the People’s Vote. Alastair Campbell, Charlie Mullins, Nick Clegg, Lord Adonis, Bob Geldof, Anna Soubry, Sarah Wollaston, Owen Jones, & David Lammy. BORING.   
Finally a Brexiteer is torn apart by a journalist for the obvious bollocks that #Brexit is. Take note @BBC #demandbetter from #bbc‘So you think you know better than car manufacturers?’ – Villiers schooled on Brexit  
The extent to which media @bbcnews included covers Brexit  through prism of Tory Party not policy or other voices is partly because @UKLabour not sufficiently strong on issue but also a real question of media culture 
This is exactly how Germany sees Brexit Britain  
The car industry’s prophecies of doom must not be allowed to prevent Brexit, writes Iain Duncan Smith MP  
You promised too many people too many things ... and you can't deliver on any of them. Step aside for @DavidDavisMP and let him deliver a simpler #Brexit on time and give the UK some certainties for once.  
Nigel Farage's message to Theresa May: "You are a disaster as Prime Minister and you are betraying Brexit."@Nigel_Farage | #Brexit 
⁦@Conservatives⁩The longer you keep this disaster of a ‘leader’ the more trust you lose. The more ridiculous you look. SHE MUST GO ! Fgs!How bad does she have to be!??Ex-Brexit minister savages May's plan to extend Brexit transition  
This is a good example of the doctrine behind #brexit. Farms will be wrecked by #Brexit & bought up by bankers & billionaires. They will be become tenant farmers working for their landlords. If I haven't said it enough, brexit is about re-establishing a feudal structure #FBPE 
Nish Kumar brilliantly nailed Brexit on Question Time (and found an upside to climate change) #QuestionTime 
BREXITYesterday, the German Chief Economist of Deutsche Bank insisted that if Britain could do trade deals with the US, Japan, Canada & the Commonwealth, Britain will thrive after Brexit & outstrip the EU. And that is EXACTLY what the EU fears most.  
#TheReferendumWeWant is basically not the Referendum that politicians want. The Politicians will not accept to reduce their salaries, reduce their chances of occupying political seats by scrapping the Women rep, MCAs and Mps number. They want to keep looting us to death. 
With all honest, I never thought we'd be talking about Referendum at this time, looks like all our leaders know is to politic every now and then! Damn! These people are just but selfish.#TheReferendumWeWant 
May lies about #Brexit all the time - but on Wednesday in PMQs she made a mistake. Read how here:  
If you think Brexit will leave us weaker and poorer, march for a people’s vote | Timothy Garton Ash  
Breakthrough cancer & depression drugs just months away from approval for use in the UK could be delayed indefinitely by Brexit. Manufacturers have been told they will have to reapply to the UK’s medicines watchdog... #BrexitShambles #PeoplesMarch to #StopBrexit #r4today 
Brexit can & should be stopped  
The biggest tragedy of Brexit is that the richest, laziest and most elitist Tories told poor working people that Brexit would make them better off, and the poor working people believed them. 
Well, no, Arron Banks didn't fund #Brexit out of his own pocket. You might want to read what he says about it and get your stories straight. #BrexitLies 
Truly awful analysis to label all of these “Brexit costs”. At best these are cumulative cashflows, a few of which would have occurred without Brexit anyway - but the largest, £75bn, line item - does not even have that going for it. #shoddy #applesandpears 
Today - I’m speaking in Oxford at 1pm in the Oscar Wilde room, Magdalen College, on Brexit. All welcome 
It’s time to speak up. Let you MP know what you think about Brexit - in no uncertain terms. Keep letting them know and don’t worry if you don’t get an answer. They will notice the volume of emails and letters.  
'It's a shitshow': leading Tory backbencher on May's governmentI can’t disagree, but Jonny Mercer will still troop through the lobby to vote to push the people he represents in Plymouth off the Brexit cliff#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
1/ This report is a little confusing: “Merkel has called for more flexibility from both the EU and the UK to unblock Brexit negotiations, warning that too rigid an approach could risk leaving Northern Ireland without any other option than a hard border”  
"Theresa May has said the transition period, which the UK side tends to  refer to as an "implementation phase", will allow businesses time to  prepare for the new arrangements".So why now has it become a period to negotiate #Brexit terms?I smell deceit. 
Brexit transition period to be extended until all Leave voters have died  via @newsthump 
Uncertainty over Brexit that's hobbling the British economy is set to go on for longer than expected, leaving companies and households in a limbo.  
Helsinki Airport - Santa’s Official Gateway. Santa lives in Finland, which is in the EU. All gifts from Santa will need customs declarations when entering UK after Brexit. Maybe extra VAT as well. #BrexitBenefit 
When I was pregnant in 2012, the 2004 citizenship referendum meant I had to make a decision that nearly broke me. Despite nearly 14 years in Ireland, it hadn’t been possible to get secure residency or citizenship (take your questions elsewhere, you voted for this). 
‘ABSURD!’ Brexiteers reveal bid to STOP MAY from delaying Brexit - ‘We voted for CONTROL!'  
Time has come to stop buying Irish products cos they are trying to stop #Brexit.  
I will march tomorrow because Brexit is a right wing coup that will change the UK forever. And in a very bad way. That it why it must be stopped.  So I will march because courage calls to courage everywhere. 2/ 
I wonder where we would be now with #Brexit if we had a PM who believed in, and fought for, our country, and we didn't have elites and remoaners perpetually undermining the democratic vote to leave. 
Brexit: a conflict situation - Mrs May's performance on Brexit has been about  as inadequate as the military planners who sent troops in to storm Omaha Beach on 6 June 1944. And, as always, it will be the "ordinary Joe" who suffers...  #Brexinfo. 
Trial is on for lawsuit accusing @Harvard University of discrimination against Asian-American applicants, a trial widely seen as a referendum on affirmative action in the United States.  #harvardlawsuit #AffirmativeAction 
I will be so full of joy you will count all my teeth from a mile away if this referendum can do just a few things for us. Reduce number of representatives and save us from collective theft. #TheReferendumWeWant 
Amazon says it will add 1,000 more employees in the UK, bringing the total to 28,500, bucking the Brexit chill.#Amazon #Employee #uk #news #TrendingNow #R-R. 
The disenfranchised are ur neighbours, friends, lovers, colleagues, many fight #Brexit with you and will walk with u at the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Thank u @TWells_IN 4 this video. It's solidarity. #StopBrexit @BrexitBin @acgrayling @Women_4_Europe @voiceseurope 
#Brexit can not come soon enough. The European Union states that the #UK can accomodate 184 million refugees. 
A five year campaign to get to a referendum, funded and controlled by the federal government, just smells like Recognise 2.0 to me...Set it for 12 months, enough time to get a Truth and Reconciliation Commission into full swing. That’ll be more than enough to win a referendum. 
Why should there be such a panic over a no deal Brexit? 90% of the UK economy is not involved with Europe. 80% of our economic activity is domestic; 10% is trade with the rest of the world. WTO tariffs are small compared to currency swings and the £ would fall saving exporters. 
I just want Brexit to be dead and buried at the crossroads with a stake through its heart and a mouth full of garlic so I can go back to tweeting about SF and random weird funnies full-time, but then I remember Trump.THERE IS NO ESCAPE. 
"It isn't leadership to ignore concerns of people in small towns & communities for 10 yrs before the #EURef. At the #EURef they roared!"& they will roar even louder in places like Crewe if the #Brexit they voted for isn't delivered,cos they have been shafted by the Tories & Lab  
US markets are falling fearing trade wars and Fed increasing rates Asian markets are falling with high dollar and FII selling Europe is down due to non negotiation on Brexit Stop blaming Mr Modi for our markets.  Stay invested. Keep investing 
'Technocrat' Theresa May ATTACKED by Tory MP @JohnnyMercerUK  - Her Brexit leadership is a 'sh*tshow'  
F***ing shameless. This election is turning into a referendum on the morality of America.  
Keir Starmer, I'll say what you wanted to say, but couldn't: Yes, Labour's 6 tests are bo***cks. They're based on the promises that were made to the British people around Brexit. #BBCqt 
Regardless of whether Brexit goes ahead or not, once the dust has settled we need to urgently repair our political system. That means PR, the realignment of our established political parties, and the creation of new ones fit for the challenges of the modern world. 
He’s right, but if Barnier won’t back down on Ireland and Tories won’t let May offer any more concessions then it’s hard to see where talks could go. In my Telegraph column tomorrow I say the chances of a no-deal Brexit are greater than ever.  
Germans who fled the Nazis and took British citizenship are increasingly re-adopting German citizenship because of Brexit.Here are the numbers:2015》592016》7602017》18242018 Jan-Sept》1147As many are Jewish, perhaps antisemitism also plays a role 
Despite talk of a Brexit threat to 'human rights' Gen Petraeus,a military expert in the UK's key ally,says the opposite: the rights culture threatens the UK military alliance+that historic Northern Ireland investigations are “relentless+seemingly unending”  
I moved up after the Brexit vote, I felt completely alienated by the people I had grown up around and lived among for the majority of my life.Not just thank God for @theSNP, but also thank God for Scotland and her people!  
Of couse they want a deal. But not at the cost of what they are.Please stop trying to spin this shambles and finally face reality.Brexit is not a game.  
Democracy isn't holding a Referendum on same subject every few years until a different result is given.I don't need a dictionary. I know the definitions of words + ideologies.Only time I ever make contact with the New European is to tear it up when found on public transport. 
Leavers are pulling out all the stops to try and impose their "Brexit can't be stopped" narrative.Don't fall for it.Don't let others fall for it.It isn't just about No Deal.Any kind of Brexit is a danger!No more compromises or lies.March on Saturday.Demand a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit politicians promised you 100% control of our laws.Well... Even if we left with no deal. What we'd have is what I'd call #TB_CINO.... aka "Taking Back Control In Name Only".Our regulations would follow whatever the EU and America were doing. 
A bit like the BBC failing to report on Brexit. O que houve @jornalnacional? 
BREAKING - After kicking the European Medicines Agency out of the country, the UK suddenly finds out what this agency actually does."Breakthrough cancer and depression treatments just months away from approval could be delayed by Brexit"#BrexitReality 
Bobby Gillespie is all of us watching Brexit unfold #bbctw 
Brexit, cutting ourselves off from our past, and from science funding | Letters  
Meg Hanks. Formerly employed at Vote Leave, BrexitCentral and TaxPayers’ Alliance. 
@Squarehighways @cityoflondon @CarolinePidgeon - And to make matters 10 times worse, incompetent City of London will not lift the Bank Junction ban on taxis - forget BREXIT being bad for business, @cityoflondon beats it hands down  
Brexit. Is.  Just. Miserable. Humiliating. Debilitating. Purgatory. Make. It. Stoooooop!!! 
Watching James Cleverly and his insults/sneering and downright disrespect towards Keir Starmer, is symptomatic of how the tories conduct their business, just ask the EU, they the tories are the bullies not the EU and they will pay the price at the next GE when Brexit fails #bbcqt 
Oh the ironic laughter as one realises this latest mess is caused in part by Home Office denying visas last year to Moldova’s economic counselor to the #WTO and her team #HostileEnvironment #Brexit #ItsNoFunny 
The Tory party is now ungovernable - irretrievably, poisonously divided. Its inability to cohere around any kind of Brexit compromise or understand the nature of the EU as a system of laws reveals it to be useless to both conservative thought and the country. Its could now break. 
The Great #CarolineFlint v The Bastard #AlastairCampbell on #Labour and #Brexit! Only one winner here that is Caroline who is a Legend!   #bbctw pic.twitter.com/tadUVpQOUV @labourleave @UKLabour #LabourParty #StandUp4Brexit #UK #LabourVoter #EU @DCBMEP @jeremycorbyn #TonyBlair 
I asked a Leave voter this question:If you had to make a choice between #Brexit and retaining peace in Ireland which would you choose?She replied: "Brexit".With every step we take along this road by blood runs colder by the day.#r4today #Newsnight #C4News #bbcnewsten 
We need a tv series like The Thick of It that covers Brexit. In fact just revive The Thick of It 
Caroline Flint neatly highlighting how incoherent - and irresponsible - the Alastair Campbell / Tony Blair / Anna Soubry Second Referendum campaign is.  
@shahmiruk Can you shed any light here? Who is this? 
Caroline Flint calls for Speaker to go...that after calling on MPs to reject a 2nd referendum and obey the result of the 2016 vote.If she led Labour...tories would be panicking.#bbctw 
Has anyone nailed the impossible farce of #Brexit better than @MrNishKumar  on #BBCQT? 
Been watching loads of Nonce Hunters because it’s strangely entertaining. The people who run these stings are equally as scummy as the people they seek to catch. Thick, UKIP Brexit voters. Daily Mail article-sharing morons. Collapsing cases left, right and centre. 
"It's cleary a challenge...and progress is slow," says @jimkelly2006 of Brexit talks. "All sides are very motivated to ensure that in the end, despite all the challenges, that there is a deal." #Brexit #pnpcbc 
This is exactly why I believe currently Brexit is the only thing that matters. If we accept It, we can wave goodbye to respect, democracy, welfare state, NHS, foreign aid, world class universities, quality public education, protecting the environment It's not about just one thing 
Caroline v Alastair on Labour and #Brexit #bbctw 
It seemed obvious to me, within an hour of the exit poll on 8th June 2017, that it would not be possible to deliver Brexit as a purely party issue.  Yet that has remained the official plan for a majority-less governmentExit poll comment 
#Michaelportillo says people weighed up all the evidence - what evidence was that? Nobody knew what the implications of Brexit were in 2016! The fantasies promised are not being delivered - @campbellclaret is quite right that we need a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. 
#thisweekAlastair Campbell promotes a march of ‘thousands’ against Brexit.  Remember the IRAQ WAR ‘not in our name’ march of a million ?? What an irrelevant contribution from a well ‘dodgy’ dinosaur ! 
I couldn't put it better myself. #Brexit #bbcqt 
"Over 1m people marched, urging the government - of which you were a central figure - not to invade Iraq. You ignored them. Why should this government take any notice of 100k Remainers calling for a second referendum?" @afneil asks @campbellclaret #bbctw 
Please remember that the whole Brexit debacle is because of an affectation / gamble by David Cameron - where is he? #bbctw 
All hail the stamina of this audience!3.5 hours of #Brexit info, Qs & discussion. And it cd have gone on!Well done @cooperationirl for organising & a big Thank You to all who came.  
23/ Brexit is not being delivered. That is not democracy. That is theft 
So let me get this straight Campbell doesn't respect the Referendum and demands a peoples vote. But yet put together a dodgy dossier and ignored 1.8 million people marching. #bbctw 
I'm a Remainer. I always have been and always will be. But if I had ever been a Leaver, you can bet that by now I'd have changed my mind.Nothing we were promised can be delivered. Only liars, cheats and profiteers stand to gain from Brexit. All the rest of us will suffer.  
We've had brexit taken from us, our security is worse than ever, free speech is under attack, immigration is rising, the health service is struggling, benefits are being paid out in the billions & at least half is wasted. May is a globalist, prepared to lie to get her masters way 
A self-destructive madness grips the U.K. as a no-deal Brexit looms. What we are witnessing may be a nation, not just going into economic recession but a regression into political or cultural infantilism. The mad, the bad and the fools are now in charge. 
Speaking on @BBCevex, Conor Murphy MLA said Theresa May knows the views of a majority of people in the north on Brexit and has a responsibility come and listen to that view. #RespectTheRemain #EUSummit .@conormurphysf 
Police bracing for Brexit hate crime spike against EU citizens and migrants in March - The IndependentLies!The Police have lost our trust, led by Common Purpose Marxists.They should focus on the crimes committed BY immigrants   
“The leaders of Brexit have fled the scene... We are trapped in Hell. For the love of God get me out of here now" - spot on Nish Kumar #bbcqt #ToryBrexitShambles 
Yes. Farage resigned as UKIP leader on the day of Brexit. You know why? Because he's a professional heckler and he didn't want to risk the chance of being called up for the team. #BBCQT 
The irony of Diane Dodds talking about consent re Brexit negotiations & DUP’s position - the people of the north (on a cross community basis) haven’t consented to being dragged out of the EU full stop! #BBCTheView 
Yes it would remind us she campaigned to join our partners in Europe, fought for the Single Market, and would without doubt have voted Remain except she was too much a believer in Parliamentary democracy to have countenanced Goverment by Referendum.  
In excess of 100,000, way, way in excess. This is the march of our lives, for our future, for our children and their futures.This is not, as the Brexeratti put it, a second referendum, this is for a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain. See you there. 
If Sinn Féin claim the right to block the return of Devolution over Irish Language issues, I have the right to point out their failure to use the Irish Language in a key document promoting opposition to Brexit in Brussels 
Surprise surprise: Ian Duncan Smith thinks the approach in the last hours of the Brexit negotiations should be less compromise and more aggression. Why do @BBCNewsnight bother with him? Surely it would be easier just to film a pound of tripe boiling in testosterone? 
"The leaders of Brexit have fled the scene. Nigel Farage is a moron, and Rees-Mogg is the ghost of a Charles Dickens villain" #Brexit #bbcqt 
This audience member worked for Vote Leave during the referendum campaign."We were very clear about going and going completely" #bbcqt 
Jeremy Corbyn is a lifetime Eurosceptic until he became leader of the Labour Party & put opportunism first. He's siding with those who still don't accept the result to try & get into Downing Street. This kind of hypocrisy is why the public don't trust politicians. #bbcqt #Brexit 
Farage - ignored and derided until he forced our gutless political class to hold a referendum - is spot on again. We must get shot of Mrs May.   
Even at a new, slower pace, will Theresa May drop the ball on #brexit? To find out, watch and RT  #bbcqt 
The woman in the #bbcqt audience who  worked in the finance department of the leave campaign has just admitted that they lied during the campaign #bbcqt #Brexit 
.@Keir_Starmer Yet again you blethered on about a people’s vote on #QuestionTime this evening.Your foolish comments were met with utter contempt and ridicule by the audience.If you keep refusing to respect the referendum result you will lose Labour the next election. 
Despite being outnumbered by right wing neoliberals, Keir Starmer is demolishing them with his forensic approach to Brexit. Well done, Keir #bbcqt 
James Cleverly #bbcqt what a rude ill mannered performance when Keir Starmer was replying to a question on #Brexit 
Labour's Keir Starmer has confirmed yet again that Labour do not accept the will of the British people and cannot be trusted to deliver Brexit. #bbcqt #RespectTheResult #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit 
Allegations of a dirty tricks campaign on WhatsApp dominated Brazil's presidential election race, turning attention to social media manipulation following abuses uncovered in the last US election and Britain's Brexit referendum  
Brexit. Isn't. Necessary. We. Do. Not. Need. To. Do. This. 
.@JamesCleverly says Labour have never adopted a clear position on Brexit #bbcqt 
I see we’ve got to the weekly part of #bbcqt where an audience member yells at the politicians on the panel to stop fighting amongst each other and sort this Brexit mess out. Fantastic contribution, things will definitely be different now... 
“The country voted for Brexit,I supported remain,but now I’m getting on with the job of supporting something I think is damaging for the country & against every political bone in my body.” and that’s when you realise UK political parties only care about one thing - electability. 
After 29th March #Brexit day, we must ensure that not a penny more of British taxpayers money goes to the EU. The Chancellor must reflect this in his budget. #ItsOurMoney @bowgroup 
#bbcqt  Sir Keir Starmer doing usual talking a load of bollocks. We leaving the Customs Union & The Single Market you halfwit. That’s what 17.4 million people voted for. Labour on Brexit in EU out EU in EU out EU in EU out EU in EU. Does anyone bloody know. FFS  
"The leaders of Brexit have fled the scene... We are trapped in hell. For the love of god get me out of here now"@MrNishKumar does not believe the Brexit process is going well.#bbcqt 
At the Labour Party conference last month, Sir Keir Starmer said Labour could back another referendum that offered voters the chance to stay in the EU. #bbcqt 
Tweets like this confirm I voted correctly, thank you #Brexit #walkaway 
"Mr Starmer and Mr Cleverly you and your like are scary and embarrassing our country"This audience member urges politicians to stop fighting and sort Brexit out #bbcqt 
"People were promised to have their cake and eat it."@zannymd says there are irreconcilable problems in the Brexit process #bbcqt 
.@zannymb says that there are 'irreconcilable problems' with the Brexit process #bbcqt 
Hello Keir StarmerIf Labour get behind a #PeoplesVote we can #StopBrexit by democratic means.And then we can get back to getting on with the living of our lives.Like we did before this #Brexit chaos intruded and wrecked everything.#bbcqt 
Here we go. Keir Starmer stating we need a customs union on #BBCQT A customs union means open doors immigration, and no control on our borders.#Labour can’t be trusted on #Brexit 
This looks like a media smoke screen... On Sunday threatening to resignOn Monday denying he would  resignOn Tuesday defending the Union until his last beatOn Wednesday blaming the SNP and Nicola for a #NoDeal BrexitAnd now again... He may quit... #ToryBrexit 
Want to really know what #VassalState means?Wait until #Trump shows up.Because he's coming in.#BrexitReality#Brexit  
@bbcquestiontime Femi Oluwole was in Guildford this evening at "Brexit: Reality not Fantasy". Would have been a perfect time to include him on the programme. Instead you chose 2 Conservatives @Femi_Sorry #BBCBias 
Michael DobbsMargaret Thatcher would never have held a referendum with #Brexit as an option.She was 100% pro EU.And as for the 'undemocratic EU' - see this:  #bbcqt 
69 year old Michael Dobbs telling us all we must leave the EU. What about the 75% of young voters who voted to remain? They will have to live with #Brexit when Dobbs is dead. #bbcqt 
This is spot on accurate re May/Brexit and saves you the bother of reading all the guesswork...  
I don't begrudge brexiteer MPs or in fact any MP stating what they think on Brexit, it's fair enough and they should be respectfully debated. Just could do without the fakery of pretending hundreds of people are telling them they are furious about the backstop. 
It is enshrined in law that the UK will leave the EU on 29 March 2019 at 11pm. The cause of the current mess is due to the fact we have a Prime Minister, a Cabinet and a civil service dominated by people whose hearts aren't in it #bbcqt #Brexit #Leave 
Because of Barmy #Brexit my love for  and belief in The European Union has deepened and strengthened more than ever.Retweet if you are a Proud European too. 
Mrs May's first real statement about Brexit after "Brexit means Brexit" was "No deal is better than a bad deal" - she knew then that there could only be a bad deal ... her intention has always been no deal.  DESPERATELY sad for us all! 
Vg conversation with @VassyKapelos  about #Brexit and the Irish border for @CBCNews Network’s Power and Politics - due to air on @PnPCBC this evening 
A week in the life of the Secretary of State for Scotland @DavidMundellDCT:Sunday: I will resign over Brexit;Tues: Denies he will resign;Wed: Will fight for the union until 'last breadth';Thurs: I will resign over Brexit;Certainly keeping himself in #Brexit headlines.  
Please retweet if you agree @theresa_may should resign over her handling of #Brexit#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BBCqt#Chequers 
Friday's Times: "Revolt grows over May's handling of #Brexit talks" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
We know what we voted for! sound what's that then? #Brexit means Brexit and tha, we want what we voted for! Paid for the Russians, championed by billionaire right wing zealots and campaigned for by non dom media barons #BrexitShambles is it any wonder 
If #Brexit splits up the United Kingdom with a United Ireland and independent Scotland  leave voters will be able to boast of succeeding where  where  Hitler and Napoleon failed namely the  dismemberment Great Britain itself 
If it teaches us one thing, #Brexit puts paid to the utopian dreams of libertarians, who believe the ‘market’ magically happens. It’s underpinned by regulation, law, fair trade, weights and measures. Without governance no market could ever exist. 
During his visit to Brussels for ASEM12, Prime Minister Abe met leaders of V4 (Visegrád Four: Czech, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia). They discussed issues of mutual interests including early entry-into-force of Japan-EU Economic Partnership Agreement, Brexit, and North Korea.  
I am very concerned that Labour refused to support @peoplesvote_uk this evening. As an EU citizen I feel let down and just when I thought @camcitco will be protecting EU citizens’ rights, they lament #Brexit and refuse to take the same clear position as so many other Councils. 
How on earth did Government make such a mess of #Brexit?The BBC sum it up as Theresa May's strategy being "get through the day and muddle through until the next day."Absolute shambles and laughing stock.  
AND please come to the #PeoplesVote march in London on Saturday 20 October because, YES, we ARE ANGRY about Brexit!#ThursdayMotivation #StopBrexit #ThursdayThought 
Theresa May is isolated as her party turns on 'chaotic' Brexit plan and EU leaders give her the cold shoulderEven Scottish Tories are displeased She has nowhere to go. For the sake of the country and for Brexit, she should resign via @Telegraph 
Bhuel a cháirde what a day we had! Started off in Dublin before heading onto Drogheda for LMFM.Chéad stad eile was to Armagh to meet border communities & discuss Brexit, & finishing up in Monaghan with a United Ireland rally.Vote #LiadhForPresident on October 26th! #Aras18 
You know the terrible tragedy is may could have gone down in history.With Brexit she had the chance to be a great! Not only for her but for womankind.Up there with Churchill/thatcher. Alas it was not to be her greed got the better of her. and now she's got the walk of shame!  
Michael Caine's opinion on Brexit is irrelevant. Calling him a twat and worse is pointless. You disagree with the old boy, fair enough. I do  too. All this going immediately nuclear on someone is a sickness. Grow up. 
so long as Republicans work this diligently & haphazardly to suppress the vote. There can be no true referendum on #trump in an election that his party is trying to manipulate.Jamil Smith: Why 2018 Can’t Be a Referendum on Trump  via @RollingStone 
A Theresa May/Labour coalition being considered to ensure Brexit is permanently deferred.  
I'm doorknocking on Saturday & phonebanks tonight, so will have spoken to at least 100 of my constituents in next 48 hours, bet you £350 million less than 3 people mention brexit or their rage about it. I do it weekly so know I'll win please make your cheque payable to the NHS  
There is absolutely no doubt.The vast majority of UK citizens now wish to remain in the EU. #peoplesvote #fbpe #brexit 
Totally unaceptable!!MPs will be given a “take it or leave it” vote on the government’s Brexit deal, the Leader of the House of Commons confirmed yesterday, prompting claims that parliament was being stripped of sovereignty.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit is unnecessary. Britain had no imperative to hold the referendum. It wasn't needed. It's the result of David Cameron trying to placate a few backbench MPs who wanted the Empire back. Not one float in this cavalcade of insistent on goingshite is necessary #bbcnews #BBCQT 
My ⁦@Channel4News⁩ interview on #Brexit. Starts around 7 minutes. Stuck with EU: Will Brexit transition be extended? – Channel 4 News  
A) it’s obviously been made up by a crackpot fantasist; B) SNP conference resolution 2 weeks ago saying SNP MPs would vote against Brexit/for a referendum; C) Labour stood on a platform with Cameron’s Tories in IndyRef. 
What’s ridiculous is that anyone could fund Brexit out of their own pocket to the tune of millions. Why do rich people get more influence over democracy than the rest of us? It’s disgraceful. Same goes for political party funding. 
Who do Soros and DemTV think they're fooling anymore?Along w the obvious reasons, I'm thinking & hoping that people will vote Republican as a referendum on Soros' meddling and the media's dishonesty. 
Amazon says it will add 1,000 more employees in the UK, bringing the total to 28,500, bucking the Brexit chill  by @ingridlunden 
Think  EU is bad? Welcome to wonderful world of the #WTO !Not everybody likes the UK there“The U.K.’s post-#Brexit access to $1.7 trillion in public projects relies on the good will of its European neighbors. Too bad #Moldova holds a grudge.” @Bloomberg 
Section 13(1)(d) of the Withdrawal Act 2018 requires an Act of Parliament implementing the Withdrawal Agreement be enacted prior to its ratification.  That Act could be amended so that it coming into force was conditional on agreement by the people in a referendum. 1/2  
To a scientist, or probably anyone with any sense, it's pretty easy to recognise and isolate the single incorrect assumption that underpins the whole Brexit mess. It is: "we must respect the result of the referendum." We needn't. Nothing in law requires it. It's a choice. I don't 
My latest for @RollingStone, on the ongoing voter suppression in Georgia and North Dakota—and why we can never have a true referendum on Trump (or any president) in an election as long as Republicans try to block access to the ballot.  pic.twitter.com/klVecq4jyi 
So after months of dither and waffle, the EU offer is clear:  a Brexit deal must mean remaining in a Customs Union, no CU / no deal.  Very well, then.  No deal it shall be. 
Brexit: What or who could May chuck next?  
Brexit takeaways from #EUCO — transiton extension being considered— backstop almost certainly won't be time-limited— de facto choice: customs union, or no dealMay's moment of truth is coming 
Here how about instead of brexit we just ban all the culchies from Belfast 
Unbelievable that a top lawyer is reduced to this. I blame Brexit, obviously.  
Let's get this to 100KPetition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  … #NoDealBrexit #stopbrexit #BBCQT #FBPE #PeoplesVoteSIGN it and RT it!!!!!! 
For me, societal progression is quite simple - each generation has the duty to make the world better for the next, and to some degree that's what's been happening in the UK up until #Brexit - which literally removes rights and opportunities and is a huge step backwards. #Insane 
Friday’s INDEPENDENT Digital: “Patients may be denied latest drugs after Brexit” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
not liking this chat about a no deal Brexit becoming more likely, have started drinking tea around British people to show I've integrated, not taking any chances 
'The Problem Isn't Brexit. It's the PM': Anger as Appeaser Theresa Pushes For Further Brexit Delay | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews 
The CAbinet Ministers could dump Chequers tomorrow, but they are too weak and selfish to stand up for what is right, THEY are to blame.     @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson  #Brexit  
Theresa May’s Chequers Deal now in shreds. I think we always suspected this whole #Brexit-thing was all just performance art.  
So @campaignforleo has said #Brexit is the political equivalent of Climate Change....in that case your #AbortionLegislation is the political equivalent of the Holocaust...only WAY WORSE!!!#8thRef2 
Theresa May's lack of clarity on Brexit is now embarrassing Britain  via @Telegraph 
History will say she was the worst possible choice of leader to handle this most crucial of tasks. She must either call a referendum or a general election, and soon, it’s the only way out. She’s snookered.  
Theresa May's Robert Peel moment draws near. Principle or Party? Mind you, in comparison with Brexit, the repeal of the Corn Laws was just a wee dander down Downing Street  
EU leaders ready to help Theresa May sell 'Brexit' deal - i.e. an all-UK customs union - to parliament That presumably is because May has given them what they wantWe simply cannot trust our secretive Remainer Prime Minister to #StandUp4Brexit 
THIS IS TRULY SHOCKING!In answer to my Freedom of Information request last month as to how many MPs (and of which party) had asked to see the Treasury’s economic assessment reports on the various Brexit options, less than 10% have done so - yet ALL intend to vote on the matter.  
The Roman ‘Brexit’: how life in Britain changed after 409AD  
Entirely unrelated to Brexit, António Costa doesn’t get enough attention. Pretty much only successful social democratic incumbent doing well in government in any European country.  
Guardian front page, Friday 19 October 2018: EU push to help May avoid no-deal Brexit  
It comes down to this, will Labour vote for Brexit and knowingly damage the lives of ordinary British people? Or do you believe Brexit is a good thing? If you do, please show us the evidence for that conclusion. No more political games please!!! 
Theresa May isolated as party turns on her 'chaotic' Brexit plan and EU leaders give her the cold shoulder 
#Brexit I'm lost in admiration at my own perspicacity: every politician I'd figured out was a #bampot before the #Brexit vote in 2016 has now demonstrated, beyond reasonable doubt, that they are indeed bampots, of the first order of bampotery. HRH should award a suitable gong ... 
South West London, 9.36pm, Oct 18. I am now rapidly accelerating my readiness for a “no-deal” Brexit ⁦@Coldwar_Steve⁩ ⁦@LeonieGreene⁩ ⁦@DExEUgov⁩ 
@BrandonLewis Mrs May, when she became PM, said she would stay as long as we wanted her to. It is clear that the Party members don’t want her to stay any longer. Let’s get someone in who can deliver Brexit and start the process of repairing the @Conservatives It’s very urgent! 
The EU gang think Brexit can be stopped. And in this warped scheme they have a great ally. Her name is Theresa May, writes @Nigel_Farage 
Things that are still true: (a) fewer than 158 Tory MPs want May out; (b) there is a majority in Commons for a soft Brexit 
Utter tosh by Farage. I've had it on good authority that senior ministers post the Referendum result had to be spoon fed exactly what a Customs Union and the EU Single Market was. 
Russian trolls (and dirty DUP money plus criminal Leave campaign spending - 10% of their total) pushed for #Brexit on poll day. We need informed consent for Brexit, or Remain in a People’s Vote⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ #FBPE 
"Before the June march, the idea of a vote on the final Brexit deal was all but unmentioned; in less than four months it’s gone from being an impossibility to a distinct possibility" 
Round up of tonight's @BHGreenCllrs successes: Ensured action taken on #recycling petition Passed Brexit motion and #PeoplesVote petition Passed hate crime motion Passed motion on frackingAND MORE. There's so much @TheGreenParty councillors do for #Brighton and #Hove 
Yes, #brexit Britain making itself a laughing stock.... see my column in tomorrow ‘s Guardian...  
The Port of Rotterdam will conduct a customs trial in November to test protocols 90 days ahead of Brexit. They expects traffic jams to increase during the trial, as they tests import and export protocols on veterinary and food products, among others.   
So much for not having rules and regulations from Brussels.  After Brexit USA will control UK which would be simply awful.  We would have no say in what USA does to us.  For Shame! 
Dear Mr Trump, Our embarrassing Prime Minister has failed to negotiate a proper Brexit and wants to pay them £39billion. Could we rather pay you the £39b - all you need to do is tell the EU to go to hell. Deal? 
Preston’s scenario of May ‘s “Robert Peel moment” has Labour delivering #Brexit and splitting her own party - but also, I would think, Labour itself.  
How many times was @theresa_may asked would she vote for #Brexit now & refused to answer, suddenly she believes in Brexit, only to sell out +17.4m voters with her backstop & eu. Trying to keep the #UK tied into the eu, paying £bn's & not being able to sign FTAs #MayMustGo 
While the Tories were busy messing up #Brexit and #UniversalCredit today, 70 people in Mansfield came up with a plan to genuinely transform people's lives.This is the team that will elect @Sonya_Ward as MP - and @jeremycorbyn as PM. A team ran #ByTheMany and #ForTheMany 
Oor @NicolaSturgeon says this is well worth a read:  She's right the #Brexit game's a bogey. Scottish independence is inevitable! 
You're wasting your time Arron, it'll always be party before country and definitely before Brexit, I've given up on him. 
A departure the better part of 3 years after a narrow Referendum result followed by a transition that might well last more than 2 years.  5 years is a long time (and a UK/EU trade deal might take another 10 years). For how long is a Referendum result valid? 
Writer does a great job showing the hypocrisy of the mediaEvery story during the referendum described unborn babies as a clump of cells, or a foetusNo chance of them doing that with the royal baby, the writer shows them how ridiculous their words are 
Theresa May's move offering to keep Britain tied to the EU until 2021 angered many at Westminster, with MPs from across the Brexit divide gearing up to counter her plan 
SO MUCH FOR A DEMOCRATIC 'MEANINGFUL VOTE'!!...We now really do need protection from the EU COURTS against this dictator government !!...BREXIT MUST BE STOPPED IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE THE UK IS TOTALLY RUINED !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
Emmanuel Macron Just Killed Several Key Anti-Brexit Arguments, Calls Them ‘Fake News’  
The point is to thwart Brexit, to prove to us stupid 17.4 million people that we can’t leave, to deceive, to twist, to reduce this country to a begging agent for crumbs from the EU table. In short, it’s a strategy to never leave. 
Police bracing for Brexit hate crime spike against EU citizens and migrants in March  
This is what has shocked me most about Brexit debate in the UK. How a drift into abstraction over future regulatory frameworks and trade deals reflects a wider unwillingness to grapple with potential crime and security threats or the fragility of the British constitutional order 
Everytime I meet a politician now I ask “what do you think is going to happen?”. Nobody has a clue. They all have a preference - but nobody has any confidence they will get it. “Brexit means Brexit”, said one woman PM. “Funny old world”, said another. 
Can't escape the conclusion that Trump and Brexit are both right wing power grabs by billionaires who would cheerfully f@&k us all over just to increase the scandalous wealth by fraction 
Thanks Robert. It would be the logical way forward in terms of Parliamentary arithmetic and economic security but what then is the point of Brexit? We lose our seat at the top table but we would still have to contribute to the E.U. budget like Norway. 
I was disappointed for France when Le Pen lost last year. Between BRExit and Trump winning she would have been another statement that people are done with Globalism. Unfortunately, Macron won and May has been blocking BRExit.  via @gatewaypundit 
Does anyone else occasionally forget about #Brexit for a few hours and then remember and go  or is that just me? 
3/3 Across the EU27 just 17% said they'd vote to leave the EU.I guess Brexit HAS a benefit then?  It's brought the EU27 closer together. 
2/ 53 percent of respondents in the U.K. said they would back Remain and 35 percent Leave (with 12 percent undecided).Asked whether Britain had made the right choice in voting to leave in the 2016 referendum, 54 percent of U.K. respondents said no, with 38 percent saying yes." 
1/ To save you reading all the PDFs in the link below allow me to summarise courtesy of politico..."People in the U.K. would vote to remain in the European Union if they were given a second in-out referendum, according to a survey of public opinion across the bloc. 
Theresa May had 15 minutes to make her Brexit pitch to EU leaders. But she spoke so fast Angela Merkel couldn’t understand her  
Whines for 40 years about wanting to leave the EU.Whines a bit more now that brexit is undeniably proven as impossible to deliver.Will whine forever more about traitors and usurpers who ‘stole’ his dream.  
There is an optimistic case to be made for a no-deal Brexit. With so little time left, the Tories might want to start now, writes @FraserNelson 
Brexiteer Andrea Jenkyns reveals that “The whips are going around at the moment, they are threatening a General Election” if Tory MPs don’t support Theresa MayShowing again that May’s Brexit blueprint is DEEPLY unpopular and has NO redeeming features 
Not enough progress has been made on Brexit, EU leaders say  
Just asked my 13 year old daughter what she thinks about Brexit her answer was “ if we voted to leave just leave “Simple 
This from @Peston on Brexit state of play is well worth a read.  
The battle against Brexit is a battle for the soul of our country. Choose: do liars, cheats, xenophobes, criminals & tax-evading billionaires & would-be billionaires win, or do we fight for a decent, open, tolerant, progressive, internationalist & cooperative UK? #PeoplesVote 
WATCH and share our video widely! It’s time for Brits to stand up for themselves and demand their say on the Brexit deal! Go on, do it, and write to your MP and let them know that the people of Britain will not take Brexit lying down.  
It's easy to forget that there is a referendum taking place next week to remove blasphemy as a criminal offence from our Constitution! We support the removal of the outdated, unnecessary and potentially dangerous offence of Blasphemy from our Constitution. #BlasphemyRef #rtept 
What is @theresa_may’s one last shot at negotiating a Brexit deal? This is what well-placed sources tell me  
BREXIT: Tickets for Sir Patrick Stewart's anti Brexit bus are now available  /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"This week I have mostly been backing the campaign for a new EU referendum."  
Disturbing to realise that when commenting on #Brexit I now too often omit to say how damaging & misguided the whole thing is before being sucked into the parallel universe of multiple Irish backstops & extended transitions.. #boilingfrog #realitycheck 
"We are proud Republicans, and we will not be quiet. Now is the time to discuss, plan and win a referendum on Irish Unity."Change is coming." - @MaryLouMcDonald addresses the crowd at the #LiadhForPresident #UnitedIreland event in Monaghan #Aras18 #ANewIreland 
If only we had a Party united on Brexit; dedicated to the British way of life; tough on those who leave to kill our soldiers; tough on crime; committed to defending our UK; pledged to raise living standards of the poor while rewarding those who create jobs and wealth. If only. 
As if Brexit wasn't enough of a contentious issue, I've redesigned the UK passport for when we leave the EU. I've tried to keep it minimal, slick and modern. The outer cover will be fabric with embossed silver foil. And yes, it's blue.   
Brits tend to keep quiet when things aren't going right. But being British shouldn't stop us from speaking out when things take a turn for the worse.Speak up! Tell your MP you want the final say on the Brexit deal. Please share! 
Kicking the can down the road about Brexit will perhaps prolong Theresa May’s premiership, just as it has served her these two last years, but it also prolongs uncertainty, harms the economy, plays with people’s lives, and makes Britain a laughing stock worldwide.  
Jeremy Corbyn has continued his attack on Theresa May’s handling of Brexit and insisted Labour has a much better plan for the EU to reject. 
Brexit is a crimeVote Leave and @darrengrimes_ broke electoral law.The chair of Vote Leave was @GiselaStuartReference:#bbcqt#PeoplesVoteMarch 
"Scotland’s two leading Tories are trying to stop Scotland getting a deal that protects it from the worst extremes of Brexit" 
This letter is absolutely explosive stuff, and in another  time might have been enough to bring down a government. #Brexit #defence #civilservice 
We're going to be running our #Brexitometer stall from 4.30pm tomorrow  (Friday) outside Truro Library, till about 6.00 Do come along and say hello! #Cornwall #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Juncker backs Mays plan to delay Brexit -  Of course he does...£15billion more to the EUSomeone has to stop this betrayal!!@Queen_Avatar_ @white_arrow_uk @trusttheplan888 @Kalimeralynn @TheCleaner13 @HaroldSHill1 @chrishasreturn  @white_arrow_uk 
Good to see a photo of me and @JamesAcaster looking at Brexit Britain  
John Major's hatred of Brexit & contempt for the 17.4m who voted for it has a long ancestry:his ranting against both merely gives a modern voice to every foul old argument against democracy itself.via @spikedonline> 
.@eucopresident summarises EU leaders' discussions on #Brexit, #cybersecurity, #migrationEU and also economic & monetary policy. Read the main results of #EUCO:  
Much like denying a #Remain option in the #PeoplesVote would be...there'sNOTHING LEFT TO RESPECTin a Ref based on lies & illegalities which Removes Rights w/o Consent & threatens jobs, public services & our future.All versions of #Brexit end up Tory. 
Nicola & her puppets are going on & on and on about WM’s handling of Brexit. An uncoupling which has many branches. Of course it’s messy.  So those SNP politico we see in HOC and Holyrood - these are the folk we are supposed to trust in a 300 year uncoupling. Yeh I know - right? 
Look my local Tory MP (/*!£$!!!) is asking for public feedback on Brexit! I would be really grateful if you gave some!  PLEASE RT!! chris.davies.mp@parliament.uk @SPD2212 @dontbrexitfixit @WalesForEurope @WCullmac @IAmMardikins @Wales4Europe 
#Brexit has witnessed a sustained and corrosive attack on 3 of the core elements of democracy. We need a #PeoplesVote to start the long and difficult process of restoring our democracy to health. A thread: 
Tonight’s topics. 1.  Brexit - the final betrayal 2. Crime and punishment  3. Misandry  
This week's events have only further convinced us of the Establishment's deep desire to block the Brexit we all voted for 848 days ago (and counting)!Help us to keep on battling for Brexit!  Click the link to donate to our campaign:  
Much like denying a #Remain option in the #PeoplesVote would be...there'sNOTHING LEFT TO RESPECTin a Ref based on lies & illegalities which Removes Rights w/o Consent & threatens jobs, public services & our future.All versions of #Brexit end up Tory. 
*Brexit*  
“Brexit transition period to be extended until all Leave voters have died” | NewsThump #Solutions 
#Brexit quote of the week: "We will thrive after Brexit. We built  the Titanic." Richard Price-Stephens, #DUP supporter tells  @StephenSmithBBC on #Newsnight. 36 mins 50 secs  in. 
Maggie Thatcher: "I envisage closer and closer co-operation between the nations in the community; not only on the economic matters, but also on common foreign policy, energy and other."There you have it. #Brexit  
Let me get that right.  Over 20-30 years the UK will do as well as Europe.  And that’s good is it?  That’s worth being the laughing stock of the world.  Worth depriving our grandchildren of the rights their parents had.  You might as well admit that Brexit is a monster screw-up. 
“a one-time world power cannot even find its way to the door without stumbling over its own feet”. That must be the best description of Brexit I have heard so far ...  
Theresa May puts her faith in the miracle of Schrodinger's Brexit | John Crace  
*Brexit Explained*  
The Brexit elite is so detached from the lives of ordinary Britons and shows so little care for them, while being so reluctant to pay its taxes, that I find myself thinking of France in 1789. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Discussing politics with an American democrat in Berlin, he says "You must be thankful you have @NicolaSturgeon as your leader" when I asked why, he said "well with respect, the full world is watching your exit from the EU, and she seems to be the only one interested"#Brexit 
Let’s try something new and novel and deliver on the EU referendum result in its entirety with no more time or money - after all Brexit means Brexit and anything short just doesn’t deliver on 17.4 million people’s vote, our manifesto commitment or our word. 
Steve Bell on the chance of extending the Brexit transition - political cartoon gallery in London  
We are asked to believe that the very same geniuses that have made a rancid pig’s ear of the #Brexit negotiations, despite their claims to hold all the cards, will now secure our prosperity by using their mad skills to negotiate trade deals. 
Lucky enough to see the redevelopment of @StFagans_Museum tonight & the new exhibition galleries which are really impressive. There were people queuing up to participate about whether #Brexit will be bad for Wales. Pretty clear view @Cardiff4EU @Wales4Europe @peoplesvote_uk 
Well Farage was certainly invoked in forging the referendum result!  adjective: forgedObtained fraudulently; fake.  
Extending the Brexit transition will cost billions and achieve nothing | Priti Patel  
The Guardian view on Theresa May’s Brexit strategy: failing on two fronts | Editorial  
In FMQs when @LeanneWood made this exact point, you cheered as the FM said the only thing this shows was there  is no point planning for a No Deal BrexitYet again, you are wilfully misleading or previously lying... Your choice.  
Brexit: France's Macron plays down UK 'no deal' visa fears  
This individual is one of many who opposes #Brexit but Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn refuses to listen. He is forcing through dangerous cake and eat it plans for a 'jobs first' Brexit which will devastate Derbyshire's economy and prosperity for generations.  
Angela Merkel has voiced concerns over how Brexit talks about the Irish border are going — warning that a rigid stance by Britain and the EU could leave Northern Ireland with no safety net at all.  
Yet Hillary Clinton and others call for a Mueller-style inquiry into Brexit and Russia. They are just bad losers.  
Yes the government can play hardball by threatening a no-deal. And that would be fine for a member of the Brexit elite like you, because you would be immune to the suffering a no-deal would inflict on the British people.#PeoplesVote 
Many EU citizens at #CardiffNorth Brexit chat have been living here for decades and feel sad that their contribution to U.K. society will be disregarded under #Brexit. Very sad to hear that they feel unwanted after giving so much. Lots of support for a #peoplesvote here. 
My cartoon - where does Britain draw the line with Saudi Arabia?#Kashoggi#Brexit#Channel4News 
The #PeoplesVote campaign is included on BBC's A-Z list of Brexit  - the campaign is clearly making an impact. Join the march THIS Saturday: 
They say Brexit "will likely have direct consequences for all the stakeholders in our company – employees, suppliers, customers and, ultimately, the UK economy."  
This is an absolutely fascinating route. With Boeing’s industrial pivot to Sheffield and the impending Brexit, that means a direct link for business travelers between its factories/suppliers in South Carolina and the U.K.  
Would you be prepared to support a Leadership bid from David Davis, @NadineDorries? We need to put an end to the indecisive and inconclusive #Brexit negotiations that May continues to (or perhaps fails to) lead. There is however a candidate who can fulfil total withdrawal.#DD4PM 
The EU says it is ready to extend the proposed length of the post Brexit transition if the UK wants. I BET THEY ARE.Yet all remains deathly quiet in cabinet. No one seems to have the balls to ACT, and DO something. Wimps. Maybot is a shiver, looking for a spine to run up.  
#Brexit trade deal could take 10 years, says UK's ambassador That'll be the easiest deal in history then. 
Pleased to correct @PeteWishart on my comments in 2013. To be clear, along with colleagues I formed the Fresh Start Project to push for fundamental EU reform. It became apparent the EU can't be reformed, so the only option was to leave. Brexit will be a huge success for the UK   
#HMG take note- all EU members have domestic politics & public opinion-Unlike UK-In Ireland there is a large consensus on Brexit approach. There will be no backsliding from position-legal backstop ‘unless & until’.  
Given that for 2 years you've been unable to 'deliver' a Brexit deal acceptable to your own MPs let alone the rest of the country, I wouldn't boast about 'delivering for the people' if I were you.But there is a way out Mrs May #PeoplesVote You Know it Makes Sense. 
Just like on Brexit, @DavidDavisMP kind of gets it but isn’t quite the full package.UKIP policy is to #scrapthelicencefee 
I've decided 2 become a brexiter and say what a  wonderful idea #Brexit is . Do I now think #brexit is a good idea?  course not its a fucking disaster It's just I've realised Its a unique opportunity 2 talk entirely out of my arse  and  have  an audience hanging on my every fart 
Would you be prepared to support a Leadership bid from David Davis, @andreajenkyns? We need to put an end to the indecisive and inconclusive #Brexit negotiations that May continues to (or perhaps fails to) lead. There is however a candidate who can fulfil total withdrawal.#DD4PM 
after years of asking the ? who is going 2 return 2 violence if so-called hard border , Leo Varadkar brings the final weapon they have to the EU the IRA , everyone knew who was behind the threats&Leo has put them front & centre at the negosatation table #brexit 
Brexit latest: Polls show Brits increasingly believe voting to leave was wrong in hindsight | London Evening Standard  
A Gibraltar Brexit deal is done, at least  
If you like comedy and dislike Brexit have I got a treat for you. This is a vid I made for @BestForBritain. Please watch and share. 
Following the first night of #EUSummit meetings Merkel and Macron stopped at a Brussels restaurant to grab beer and fries.When a journalist asked her about #Brexit, Merkel is said to have responded: "Please, it's a wonderful evening. Let's not spoil it." 
It's become clear the Russians not only meddled in the 2016 US Presidential election but were likely a large factor in the UK's decision to vote in favor of Brexit. There is no mechanism to revote for President, but the only thing stopping the British from revoting is Teresa May. 
Women! Its Time to challenge #Politicians on #Brexit. How we Brexit must be a Decision By the People For the People. #PeoplesVote My opinion piece for @endthechaosuk led the amazing @thatginamiller. Join me at #PeoplesVoteMarch on Sat 20th with @women4PV 
#Brexit: 5 things that happened at the EU Brussels summit  
Tonight! On BBC Question Time!Brexit=BadDonald Trump=BadWhite People=BadPopulism=BadThe EU=GoodMuslims=Good''Our NHS''=GoodMass Media=GoodThanks for watching, join us next week for another exciting debate on #bbcqt 
Proper journalism from @adamboultonSKY, holding her to account.He is right, brexiteers cannot know what 17m people voted for and most of them sure as hell did not vote to be poorer. The realisation is this is where brexit is headed is why many are #RemainerNow#PeoplesVote 
The US will launch a financial trade war against the EU if it doesn’t back down from its attack on non-EU finance.Remember our own Remainiac ministers including Hammond allowed the EU to pass these rules AFTER the referendum. 
In honour of Anthea Bell, here’s a fine comment on Brexit from Asterix in Britain. Obelix is spot on.  
Whatever happens next, Brexit is bad for business  | Analysis by Ivana Kottasová 
Bob Moran on Theresa May and the Brexit merry-go-round – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
So often missed in UK media commentary on Ireland and Brexit. Varadkar’s position has both cross party and mass public support  
I wrote this a few years back about how it came to pass that 80% of voters in an Irish referendum voted for the deportation of children born in Ireland  
Sick of Brexit. Sick of religion. Sick of everyone being offended by everything, even tissues. FFS. Can't we all just have a bit of fun before we are all worm food ?  
Well I would spoil my ballot if there is a #FinalSay #InformedConsent one without a Remain option on the ballot paper as HMG fight tooth & nail to muzzle Parliament in order to prevent a #PeoplesVote of any kind but particularly one that might reverse the Brexit shambles deceit. 
Great meeting with Border Communities Against Brexit today to discuss the potential impact Brexit could have on businesses in our border region.The Good Friday Agreement & the rights of Irish citizens must be protected in all their parts. #Aras18 #LiadhForPresident #ANewIreland 
Richard - It's nothing to do with Brexit. Just not sure how good a good look it is for an extremely wealthy actor - to tell other Britons it will be fine if they're worse off. And when in past he was going to be hit, he moved OUT....a bit Mary Antoinette? 
.@Telegraph cartoon#EuroSummit #Brexit #TheresaMay #Chequers #backstop 
Isn’t it extraordinary how these hard-right Tories always spend hypothetical cash on benefits and the NHS, but actual cash on tax cuts for the wealthiest? #Brexit truly is that fabled “magic money tree”.  
Trump's claimed numerous times at camp rallies that the midterms are all about him. "It's simple. A vote for [him/her] is a vote 4 me." Now Trump's telling MSM he doesn't see midterms as a referendum on him. He's covering his ass cuz he sees is a #BlueWaveTsunami coming on Nov 6. 
Those multi-millionaires pushing for a deranged flounce-out Brexit, like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, are akin to 'find the pea' scammers you see on holiday. They work as a mob to whip up excitement and pressure - then leave together with your money#ScumFloats 
NEWS! Brexit transition period to be extended until all Leave voters have died  
Arron Banks is a self made man who funded Brexit out of his own pocket. This Guardian columnist’s phoney attacks on where he got his money isn’t just anti Brexit, it’s anti capitalism. #CommieCarole 
If #Brexit happened we’d have to choose between trade with China or US, says Trump trade aide @Peston ⁦@itvnews⁩ ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ #FBPE 
I strongly urge Mrs May, immediately, to reconsider her statement that she is ‘too busy’ to meet the non-DUP parties of Northern Ireland, who have asked to see her about Brexit. There is no justifiable reason whatever for her to refuse to meet them @theresa_may 
Every time Banks, Wigmore and Oakeshott threaten something - a police inquiry, a Daily Mail piece, “I shall do such things.... they will be the terrors of the earth....”Then I know they’ve got nothing. And their ridiculous calamitous role in #Brexit is almost over  
Q: How many Tories in Scotland does it take to change a lightbulb?A: No to another independence referendum. 
Happen to switch on to @itvnews and as if on cue, first words from reporter’s voiceover from Brussels were ‘a catastrophic no deal’. Switch right off again. Not even slightest attempt at balance on Brexit now in all news networks 
President Macron #Brexit - We cannot accept an agreement that negates the integrity of the common market. We cannot accept an agreement that negates the 4 freedoms which are the essence of the bloc. We cannot accept an agreement that is harmful to Ireland.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
This deliberate misreporting by the British press of French preparations for Brexit is pernicious. Shame on the journalists who stoop so low:  
I find when I visit that most of Europe paying little attention to #Brexit. Regard it as our problem, not theirs. But when they do...  
Ronan Mullen wants people to vote No in the Blasphemy referendum. If that doesn't tell you to vote Yes, then nothing will. 
I remember when #brexit was going to make us richer, healthier, stronger, more global and in control of a wonderfully independent sovereignty that would allow us to secure our destiny as the mighty emperors of the world. What happened to all that? 
‘A woman holds a placard at an anti Brexit demonstration in Brussels’.                                            *** A WOMAN *** I’m famous.  
Only Labour can save Britain from this disastrous Brexit | Manuel Cortes  
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom refuses to meet the non-DUP parties representing a majority in Northern Ireland, while the prime minister of Ireland agrees to meet them. What conclusions does one draw about the future of Northern Ireland & Brexit?  
Brexit Dividend - for the EU. Support in Ireland is especially high. So much for the Breixiteers “domino theory” that Britain leaving would encourage others. It has. To stay.  
Met with @SergeiStanishev, President of @PES_PSEand discussed the importance of continuing co-operation amongst socialist sister parties across Europe post #Brexit  
Always makes me laugh when people say they voted Brexit because of trade deals. Yeah. Sure you did. #chinnyreckon 
EU Boss Juncker Backs May’s Plan to Delay Brexit Even Further   
Important to now continue Brexit negotiations in a positive spirit. We need each other, and an agreed way forward. 
This thread shows the government's position on the EU & why they believed remaining was in the best interests of the UK. My position hasn't changed, yours might have, or it should do. There's still time, #Brexit is not inevitable. Join me, Saturday #PeoplesVote, option to #Remain 
I dress in fake fur so you don't have to. My @UKHouseofLords speeches on counter-terrorism, Brexit etc. should all appear here.  
MY TORY MPHas been absolutely brilliant for his constituents, since the election,However I've just emailed him saying I will NEVER vote forhim.Nothing personal, I simply will NEVER vote for a Tory governmentAfter Theresa Mays BREXIT BETRAYAL...#emailyourmp. 
We're delighted to support the prospective Premiership of #Conservative MP David Davis - who is demonstrably the right figure to lead us through a #Brexit true to the democratic mandate given in 2016 by Britain. NO to the Customs Union, NO to any transition extension. #DD4PM 
These rights are now taken away from all of us. That’s why I’ll be marching Saturday 20th October #peoplesvote because if there is to be a 2nd referendum, I feel we should all be consulted this time. I also show my support for the NHS & everyone negatively affected by Brexit. 
The cost of Brexit. Thousands of civil servants, billions wasted, economic growth thrown away, international reputation trashed. I could go on...  
The financial crisis led to a wasted decade of lost economic growth. We now face another decade of needlessly mediocre economic growth because of #Brexit. Twenty wasted years! What damage will be done?#PeoplesVote 
Should there be a second Brexit vote? Should there have ever been a Brexit vote?  Join us tomorrow as @ClarkeMicah  and @Andrew_Adonis go head to head -  
 via @prospect_uk This decline has been going on for a long time. Douglas Hurd warned of the FCO's hollowing out in 2005 and, if I say it myself, so did my book Getting Our Way in 2009. Brexit makes a coherent foreign policy more necessary than ever. 
I’m 50!  So you’re telling me it *might* be “ok” when I’m 70 or 80?  ... And my children will have spent their whole adult lives paying for a Brexit for rich men, disaster capitalists, and tax avoiders? .  No thanks! #StopBrexit 
Varadkar: Fears over violence linked to a hard border 'very real'  #Brexit 
MPs now have to take back control, or forever face the wrath of voters who will ask - what's the point of them, if they can't protect their constituents' rights, jobs and futures of young people?Amendments on Brexit deal should be restricted – government  
#Macron sums up 2 years of #Brexit waste: it's "not up to the European Union to make concessions to deal with an internal British political matter." 
I will be singing LOUDLY on Saturday ‘where is Jeremy Corbyn’ and I say this in advance so no one can accuse it of being a Lib Dem thing. He’s a total disgrace as an opposition leader and history WILL judge him. Activists who can’t see bigger pictures aren’t leaders #Brexit  
Al @FT: "The socialist government will need the support of Catalan nationalist MPs to ensure passage of the budget, but they have demanded a referendum on independence for the region in return."El #NoATot ja ha arribat al Financial Times! 
THE SUN"Unless [Theresa May] can give a date when we will leave the EU and ALL its major institutions she cannot claim to have fulfilled the referendum vote.When, PM, will we take back control?" 
We have always called for a #PeoplesVote with Remain on the ballot paper. More and more people have joined our call over the last few months. Join us on Saturday as we demand a #FinalSay on Brexit  
Would an extension to the Brexit transition period be acceptable to you? @Nigel_Farage is live from Brussels 
Ironbark filming, #TheGrinch Promo, possible Doctor Strange2, Brexit on telly soon. Charity work, documentary Voice-overwork. It's lovely to be a #BenedictCumberbatch fan isn't it? 
This week, @BigPhilCampion argues that, when it comes to #Brexit, "it's easier to keep a small bed made, than a massive one".Make sure you watch #ThePledge on @SkyNews Thursdays at 8pm 
Just to reassure you - Lord Adonis is going ‘full Lord Adonis’ in his criticism of Lord Burns & his deputy Lady Noakes for undermining the impartiality & integrity of Ofcom as broadcasting regulator by backing Brexit in the House of Lords @ofcom 
Chatting with my Polish builder who's just become British, about my British husband who's just become French, while waving to my Spanish neighbour who was born on our street and my Irish neighbour who has lived here for decades, and agreeing #Brexit is just baffling. 
Who else is sick of these overpaid luvvies and rich elites who think they're entitled to ignore the will of the people and dictate to us about brexit? The people know what they want!  (I'm cracking at impressions)  
>after centuries of being fucked in almost every conceivable way it takes brexit stuff for this to click pic.twitter.com/481B0j3FSL 
Prediction: we extend, and extend and extend. Because the nirvana promised doesn’t exist.Brexit isn’t taking back control - it’s just paralysis whilst we walk away from the decision-making table.  
Brits, especially media types, often ask me what Germans think of Brexit. Nowadays I send them that video of the Banksy print shredding itself. "That's how Germans view Britain today" I tell them, on the record. They tend not to use the clip. 
Former Chancellor Ken Clarke tells us the Commons is now so “shattered and hopelessly divided” that it will never agree a deal on #Brexit.  It’s now blindingly obvious that we must #LetThePeopleDecide if we are to #EndTheChaos! 
Thank you Stannah says ‘Brexit is bonkers’ as it joins bright yellow protest  
WHERE ARE YOU NOW?We remainers can obviously claim that the people from the other side have  now moved to our side. There are a lot of FBPE hashtags around! What about you?  #FBPE #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StandUp4Brexit 
Time has come to boycott all Irish goods because they are trying to stop #Brexit. 
Der Spiegel’s most shared story this evening: “Brexit negotiations - How a nation makes a fool of itself”Brexit-Verhandlungen: Wie sich eine Nation zum Trottel macht  via @SPIEGELONLINE 
Dave Brown on Theresa May kicking the Brexit can down the road – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Thread.I am so angry, what an omnishambolic clusterfuck of epic proportions.I hate #Brexit, Brexiters, the govt & Leavers who still think it’s a good idea.I hate what Brexit has already done, is doing & will do to the UK.On Saturday we’ll march to #StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
It is the year 2137. Brexit has still not happened. Theresa May is still prime minister 
WATCH: Scots soap ingredients manufacturer tells @stvewan her firm 'will probably end up going under' due to pressures of Brexit.Full story:  
Unsurprisingly the DUP are also opposed to a Brexit transition extension  
Two members of my family have already lost their jobs, another extended family member has business issues due to the low pound.Your #Brexit was supposed to make us richer and fund the NHS better. You sold us a lie and expect people to accept your lie.No.  
#quote"TMay’s leading Brexit advisor..needs to answer 'serious questions of improper conduct' acc/to ex-MI6 boss Sir Richard Dearlove..In the letter,Sir Richard accused Mr R of 'COVERTLY working to lock UK defence + security under EU control after Brexit'" 
Former Brexit minister and Remainer, Lord Bridges, says idea of longer transition is 'dead on arrival' ... as things stand it is very hard to see how a longer transition as part of the deal gets through Parliament 
The EU have guaranteed the Republic of Ireland no hard border in the event of a no deal Brexit. The ROI need an open border far more than the UK or Northern Ireland. May has been colluding with the EU to use the Irish border to stop a real Brexit.. -  
Any @UKLabour MP voting for May’s Brexit will face an almighty backlash. They cannot continue to say Labour are disrupting Brexit when we KNOW the @CONservatives used OUR money to buy a majority. Labour respect the ref. result but have been VERY clear what they expect. 
Well , well....interesting .  PM now seems to be desperately saying different things to different audiences, as conflict also over who asked for extra time.....Theresa May told Irish PM Brexit backstop ‘can’t have time limit’ – POLITICO  
In the past 24 hours. Theresa May has essentially kicked Brexit into 2022. She has betrayed Northern Ireland. So WHAT are the "Brexiteers" in her ranks going to DO about it?  
Great. So by the time I'm 58, when most of my working life is behind me, the UK might have limped to economic parity with the EU. Fantastic. Can't think why anyone might have a problem with that or consider Brexit to have been sold on an entirely false prospectus. #PeoplesVote 
Nice to see the words fascist and coup finally associated with Brexit. @julie4nw thank you. 
OK, now I’m confused. @campaignforleo says: Brexit is not a “passing squall”, but “political equivalent of climate change” Yet Leo's response to actual #climatechange is....to do absolutely nothing. What a crap analogy 
Eeeeexactly. Some have been advocating Brexit for 25 years, but still don’t have a written plan at this late hour.It’s time to call their bluff right now... If they’ve got nothing, then ditch Brexit.  
My main reason for marching on Saturday? If Nigel Farage, Trump, Le Pen, Putin, the DUP & the like want Brexit - we must oppose it. Brexit is a fascist coup. RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT ad infinitum  
‘The EU gang think Brexit can be stopped. And in this warped scheme they have a great ally… The time has come for Tory Eurosceptics to put the national interest first. They must get rid of Theresa May.’  
Dear @BBCnews Remainers here, you know, those of us that make up half of the population who've been ignored in the brexit debate. We'll be marching on Saturday calling for a #peoplesVote. It's on your doorstep in London, it might make a nice, easy news item for you.See you there 
# @drivetimerte Flanagan waffling on about the Ref on Blasphemy, in vox pop half the People didn't understand it, and the rest couldn't care less, they might however welcome that Referendum on protecting the future rights of OUR water.! P.S. Time to stop evicting Irish Citizens.! 
Just call the bloody Election! How many more times do you think your Brexit backbenchers will buy this from their weakling leader?‘Back Theresa May’s Brexit or its a General Election’ - Tory MPs THREATENED by leadership  
#Brexit: "We have reaffirmed our confidence in @MichelBarnier & his mandate. Today, it is very clearly up to @theresa_may & her team to come back with a solution based on the political compromises necessary– on the part of the United Kingdom."- President @EmmanuelMacron #EUCO 
Theresa May told to resign - 12-month extension would cost billions of pounds in EU fees & leave GB under EU rules for almost 6 years after the referendum.  @ElContador2000 @Smileygirl19681 @Lin46222208 @KTHopkins @Kalimeralynn @Karenco30 @ultimateOne 
There’s always someone else to blame for the Brexit mess, says @AlexMassie 
Significant. @DanielJHannan just ‘warned’ me in Al Jazeera debate, out Friday, there would be mass boycott of any referendum on a Brexit deal & he won’t vote. A people’s vote only happens if parliament calls one. So he doesn’t like ‘taking back control’ after all 
So @theresa_may may not be a very good PM.  But she is not the problem. Brexit is the problem. And all this kicking the can down the road just prolongs the country’s agony and hastens our decline @peoplesvote_uk the way out for her and us 
Eurostar is a great example of European cooperation and engineering prowess. The fact that no-deal could put it out of service is symbolic of the mess the Government have made of Brexit. #ExitFromBrexit 
the EU can f*ck off, trying to tell remoaners its an option to extend the implementation periodlets look at that word 'implementation'  The process of putting a plan or decision into effectTHAT DOES NOT MEAN EVERYTHING STAYS THE SAME FOR 2 YEARS: INCLUDING FREE MOVEMENT #bREXIT 
- Some people want a second referendum- Some people choose to watch #bbctwTicking at least one of these boxes is @campbellclaret who is making a film on Brexit and will join @afneil @CarolineFlintMP #choochoo from 11.45pm on Thursday 
3) there will be cost to Brexit but over a 20-30 year horizon the UK will do just as well as the EU or better. There will be an adjustment but over the longer-term the UK will do just fine. The UK economy has a flexibility plus a mobile exchange rate. 
David Folkerts-Landau the Deutsche Bank Chief Economist gives some Brexit truth bullets - a thread:1) there will be a deal as its "blindingly obviously to everyone's advantage"2) there's no purpose to extending transition as it doesn't solve anything 
British PM Theresa May is willfully ignoring the democratically expressed wishes of a majority of people in the north on Brexit. It's time to end the toxic Tory/DUP pact!  
How about extending the #Brexit transition period long enough to allow all #UKinEU and #EUinUK citizens to qualify for citizenship of their hosts states? We're the ones being shafted and stripped of our rights against our will, after all! #StopBrexit #CitizensRights 
"We cannot accept an agreement that is harmful to #Ireland," said French President @EmmanuelMacron in #Brussels #Brexit #UK #EU #Macron 
WATCH: Taoiseach says real risk of return to violence if hard border re-emerges after Brexit  
No one voted to be worse off under Brexit. March for a #PeoplesVote on Saturday and help protect young people's futures  
3.6m EU citizens did not have a vote in the referendum. Give them a voice at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday. EU citizens are people too. 
Good grief, where do I even start with this nonsense from #PeoplesVote? Let's just take item 1: the financial settlement is money we'd be paying even if we remained a member, so its simply wrong to call it a 'cost' of #Brexit...  
#Brexit #EUCO Macron in his press conf : It is not a technical issue anymore. It is not up to the EU to make concessions in order to answer to a British domestic political issue @IanDunt @mrjamesob @jonlis1 
Sean voted leave, but he's now changed his mind as he "wanted a Brexit that wouldn't wreck the economy, or threaten the very integrity of the country." He's a #RemainerNow backing a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote@_SeanOGrady thanks for an excellent article.1/2 
They should stick to acting and enjoying their £millions. They clearly know next to the nothing about the EU and shouldn't be given the UK media platform they're getting from the BBC to pontificate on the promised Brexit sunlit uplands.  
So the UK is considering a post-Brexit extension to the post-Brexit transition period in order to prevent a backstop to a time-limited backstop that doesn't have a time limit.So that's all good. 
I suggest you do your homework. We were a member of the EC during the 1975 referendum, having joined in 1973. The referendum was on whether to leave or remain. Remain won 67% of the vote - a 9 million majority - because the campaign dealt mostly with facts and not BS.  
Apparently Leo Varadkar said if anyone is a Brexit correspondent, there will be work for years to come. I say if anyone's a taoiseach during Brexit, there will be a fine job in Brussels one day! 
So, we have a situation where a minority UK govt. which can't decide what Brexit actually is, is underpinned by 10 politicians who are the minority in the very region which actually had the opposing view of whether Brexit is desirable.#KeepTellingMeItsDemocracy 
France open to extending Brexit transition period: finance minister  
For 3 years the #Brexit debate has been dominated by wealthy & powerful men of a certain age.If we don’t give women, BAME people, young people, migrants, disabled people and everyone else a say, public will be right to lose faith in politics #PeoplesVote 
I strongly believe that we must make statues of the architects of Brexit and put them in trafalgar square. If they got it right, they will be heroes, if they got it wrong then everyone will know forever who was responsible. We can pay for it with some of the bus money. 
Unbelievable hypocrisy & naivety from @johnmcdonnellMP and @UKLabour who (1) whipped Lab MPs to pass Art 50 and (2) have huffed and puffed nice words but ultimately backed Brexit at every stage. I do wish Labour would get off its sodding arse and OPPOSE, for the good of the many  
I’m not an expert but I’ll tell you what they should do with Brexit. Load it into a cannon and fire it into David Cameron’s face. If he’s not available, Farage will do. 
And meanwhile, the @MayorofLondon goes on anti-Brexit demos.  
"It is time for the British people, particularly women, to take the driver’s seat on which way to go on #Brexit"Fantastic piece from @SholaMos1 of @womensmarchlon on why we need a #PeoplesVote.Come and join us on the #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday 
MPs waved Brexit bills through expecting amendments to safeguard Parliament. You only have yourselves to blame. You *did* allow it to happen. 
Brexit causing blood pressures to rise in Brussels too...  
A Conservative MP's election to Parliament could have been declared void after he overspent during his campaign to beat Nigel Farage. Meanwhile over at Vote Leave.....the stench is overpowering. 
The No Deal option is a charade. It's unthinkable. To sum up evidence our Committee heard yesterday alone: - cost to UK exporters: £4.5-6bn. - only 2% of British biz are prepared. - no proper plans for reciprocal healthcare.   Time to end chaos & pursue an #EEA-based Brexit  
No one knows what #Brexit is, so no one knows why they voted for it. Apart from the Brexeratti, who stand to gain a shitload of money, while everyone else loses. That is why I will be in London on Saturday marching for a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain11/11 
Finally, we must not forget that there's no requirement for the Government to implement the results of the referendum, nor set a time limit by which a vote to leave the EU should be implemented. So the whole #BrexitShambles has been an unnecessary & unmitigated disaster.10/11 
We have a special status in the EU, for the cost of 1p for every £1 of tax, the benefits far outweigh the cost.  #Brexit will put paid to that. WE ARE ALREADY A STRONG INDEPENDENT NATION, Mr Farage, enough of your bilge.7/11  
"We're delivering on a vote of the British people" When asked about concerns Parliament might block a #Brexit deal UK PM Theresa May says she will ask them to think of "jobs and livelihoods"Latest:  #Brexit  
From the Times yesterday. Appalling breach of trus yet again. The cabinet must make May sack Robbins. The Civil Service is out of control & hell bent on undermining #Brexit  
Happy transition day! The current Brexit deadlock was entirely predictable. Less than year ago, I was debating a former trade minister who was arguing that we could have an Canada + deal ready to go in March 2019 if only the EU agreed.   
Remember, frothing #PeoplesVote types, don't get it wrong.Michael Caine = Bad.Brian Cox = Good.Michael Caine = Not entitled to a #Brexit opinion.Brian Cox = Every word on #Brexit is gospel.Anyone gets it wrong today will have no crayons tomorrow. 
This idea, that it's a national defeat of some sort to get an extension on the Brexit transition period...why? Isn't it just grown-up? Does anyone honestly think "come on guys, it's not complicated"? 
Since Monday. @DavidMundellDCT Bad SNP@RossThomson_MP  Bad SNP@AnnieWellsMSP  Bad SNP@Douglas4Moray  BadSNP@murdo_fraser Bad SNP@BBCNews  Bad SNP@STVNews Bad SNPCoordinated campaign from the Unionists, to detract from their mess..... #Brexit. #DissolveTheUnion 
Two years ago we were told #Brexit would enrich the #NHS – now we learn it “cannot be confident” of even maintaining stocks of vital medicines. That is a clear change of circumstances, and we expect a #FinalSay on something so serious #LetThePeopleDecide 
Great to see @Stannah Stairlifts backing a re-think on Brexit - it’s given the whole campaign a lift. We are getting there, step by step. Onwards and upwards!  
You can't even unite the Labour Party never mind the country! You and Corbyn were all for Brexit and have done little to stop this maniacal dash towards the cliff edge. Brexit is a disaster not least because of the GFA and the terrible danger of a return to conflict. Shame on you  
"I can guarantee you this: there will be no hard border on the island of Ireland."Mairead McGuinness, the Irish Vice President of the European Parliament, says Brexit negotiators will not impose a hard border in Ireland.  
With full trust and support of #EUCO, @eucopresident, & @JunckerEU, I stand ready to resume negotiations with #UK for an overall Art 50 agreement. Orderly #Brexit must include a solid, all-weather backstop to avoid a hard border in IE/NI.  
"I believe a good deal for the UK will be one that does deliver on the vote of the British people" - Theresa May explains how she will get a Brexit deal through parliament.Get more on the Brexit negotiations here:  
The Tories only use the phrase 'will of the British people' when talking about Brexit, they never use it in relation to a GE, UC, Fracking, NHS, tax cuts for the rich, pension age increase etc. I call it SSS Selective Selfish Sensitivity. #GTTO 
Brian Cox, actor: “The opportunistic clowns of Brexit, Gove, Johnson and the little Englander Farage and the feudalist Rees-Mogg have shown not an iota of Churchill’s vision and wisdom." 
Join me at the @peoplesvote_uk march this Saturday to represent the voice of the many in our community. Looking forward to seeing friendly faces and demonstrating #Lewisham East's support for a final say on #Brexit, with an option to remain.  
Roger Daltrey of The Who rejects claims from fellow artists that Brexit will damage the Industry,  saying, we worked in Europe before the EU which is nothing more than a gravy train disaster soaking us dry. 
NUS Deputy President @AmateyDoku will share why students and young people support a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Join him at the #PeoplesVote March for the Future:  @FFSake_ 
Today during DEFRA questions @MichaelGove told MPs that #fracking ‘Fits in perfectly’ with his vision for a green Brexit. Riding roughshod over local communities to damage our environment is not a vision @UKLabour shares. #BanFracking 
Spoke to many people over the past few days, there is a real sense that many people voted to #repealthe8th solely out of compassion for women - they did not fully rhink through the implications..tax funded, conscience etc..I call for a 2nd Referendum with truth!! @campaignforleo 
In this time of difficulties about the Brexit etc,PM May is thinking about to become the background singer of Bono. She even made her own solo song..in German Is it meant for her partner in crimes Merkel? nein,nein,nein..  
Crunch time is fast approaching. We may only have weeks to get a #PeoplesVote. And if we fail to get one, that’s it. So anybody who wants to stop #Brexit needs to make the maximum effort now. That means marching on Saturday. It can make a difference. 
Nadine Dorries just said live on national radio that David Davis is the only man that could solve Brexit as PM. DAVID FUCKING DAVIS!!! Hurry the fuck up and destroy us all Global warming.  
Give up @theresa_may or get lost! You are making the Conservative party look like liars & unfit to govern this country. Sling your hook & make way for a real #Brexit leader!  
"There are a few but considerable outstanding issues in relation to the Irish backstop" says UK PM Theresa May but she's "convinced we will secure a good deal" #BrexitLatest:  
Nothing sums up the incompetence of Brexit more completely than denying visa's to diplomats because you see them as a migration risk only for it to turn out to have £1.7 tn say over our economic future thanks to the very same Brexit 
Opinion: Brexit and Trump have proved that lies are more attractive than facts  
Only 9 Labour MPs voted for the recent Commons amendment to have a Second EU Referendum. Just NINE. I feel sure the UK Labour Party will appreciate a Labour London Council Leader calling on the other 254 Labour MPs to resign and cause a by-election. #PutTheSpadeDown 
Churchill star Brian Cox today invoked the wartime prime minister’s words to call for a fresh national vote on Brexit  
Theresa May's press conferences on Brexit  are as about as helpful as asking a purser on a sinking ship which way to the lifeboat station and being answered with what the daily specials are in the dining hall. #brexit 
May is going to stall us out of brexit of this there is no doubt. She will make all the right noises and arrange phony protests over our leaving the EU but when push comes to shove we will go nowhere and her technique for avoiding serious trouble is going to fail miserably. 
Special new @JungNaiv episode: 22 of your naive questions for Yanis Varoufakis (Aufstehen, DiEM25, Euro crisis, Brexit, capitalism etc)  (35 min, English) 
Most significant moment in Theresa May's presser - she refused to deny telling Ireland that there will be no time limit on the Brexit backstop. For Cabinet Eurosceptics this, not the extension of the transition period, is the big issue 
The People's Vote march this Saturday is the big one...Over 150 coaches coming from all parts of the country. The people are reclaiming their voice on Brexit. Let's make it huge!Please be there. And RT!  
Using the IRA now to advance his anti Brexit crusade. Can it go any lower? 
"Brexit is bonkers for our business & its likely to affect our ability to grow sales & keep costs under ctrl. This will likely have direct consequences for all the stakeholders in our company - employees, suppliers, customers &, ultimately, the UK economy." 
Scottish Brexit Minister @Feorlean: If there is to be extra time it can’t be time for nothing. It can’t be time spent just trying to find another fudge. That time would have to be used constructively for example to move towards a single market and customs union solution. 
Moldova is blocking UK’s entry into WTO’s Government Procurement Agreement because our viciously xenophobic and idiotic government denied its trade envoy a visa to visit UK to discuss... global trade. As a morality tale, Brexit now just feels too on the nose 
As massive as the border issue is for Brexit, think it’s dangerous to let the PM portray negotiations as now only having one intractable problem to solve.  There are LOTS of intractable problems.  That just happens to be the most “explosive” one. 
Reverse Brexit with second referendum to save your economy, OECD tells UK — ‘The positive impact [of Remain] on growth would be significant’, as it forecasts £40 billion cost of Brexit in 2019 
May’s deliberate deception. Keep ‘transitioning’ until Remain take power. What purpose would voting have for the 17.4m? #Brexit  
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender' | via @telegraph 
I'll be marching on Saturday for a #FinalSayForAll for very personal reasons but also because everything about brexit is wrong. If you agree with me that we need to #StopBrexit please join me. 
Do You Understand Brexit? The British Government Would Like To Talk To You  
A vast network of Russian trolls on Twitter confirmed to have launched a “co-ordinated” push to spread pro-Leave messages on the day of the EU referendum.  In US, Russian interference led to MuellerProbeIn UK, Russian interference + lying + fraud -> Zilch 
"A #PeoplesVote is vital in order that they [the British people] be given the opportunity to reflect, and review how the referendum of 2016 has been altered."MUST-WATCH: Actor Brian Cox delivers a powerful message about why he's supporting a #PeoplesVote  
Michael Caine - "I don’t listen to all these pundits. I’m a Brexiteer myself. People say, ‘oh you’ll be poor, you’ll be this’."Well, I’d rather be a poor master of my fate than having someone I don’t know making me rich by running it." #Brexit  
‘Brexit is the political equivalent of climate change’ - spot on by Leo Varadkar 
It was close. But a Labour MP has managed to out-stupid every Conservative on Brexit.By @wrightismight 
"We are in a much better mood than after Salzburg" - Donald Tusk, President of European Council, says "we are closer to final solutions and the deal" #BrexitLatest:  
Britain could soon be run by an anti-American Marxist government thanks to Mrs May’s failure to deliver Brexit. Read my latest for @DailyCaller: 
Nobody believes in Brexit any more Nige, Boris never did and it’s clearer every day that you don’t have a clue apart from cashing in on your media earnings in case your £70k MEP’s pension doesn’t go far enough 
The richest countries in the world just told Britain to reverse Brexit or destroy the economy /#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
There was the nine month delay in triggering A50, there's the duration of A50, there's the transition period following A50. Now there's the extension to the transition. A cynic might almost worry that the political class don't actually want to implement Brexit.  
By trying to deny MPs a meaningful vote on their Brexit deal May and Raab have blundered into turning this issue into a fundamental question of parliamentary sovereignty and democracy in our country. Any self respecting MP would never allow this to happen.  
Leo Varadkar: Brexit is not a passing squall. It’s the poltical equivalent of climate change. It will permanently change the relationship between Ireland the UK and the UK and Europe. 
Cafe in town -Customer: "€3.40 for a flat white!?"Barista: "Yeah, Brexit." 
#Brexit transition period was not discussed by EU leaders yesterday, says President of European Council Donald Tusk, but remarked they had previously accepted a two-year proposal "unanimously"Latest:  
WATCH: "I'm marching because I'm afraid of a hard border in Ireland". Join her this Saturday 20th October at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
Angela Merkel, Emmanuel Macron, Charles Michel and Xavier Bettel walk into a bar.A fellow customer asks how the Brexit negotiations are going.And Merkel reportedly says: "Please, it's a wonderful evening...let's not spoil it with that!" 
Juncker & Tusk holding a news conference. Who elected these guys? NO WAY THEY  REPRESENT THE UK. THATS ANOTHER REASON I VOTED BREXIT 
Taoiseach should refuse to compromise on #Brexit , voters say.‘Irish Times’ poll finds overwhelming majority backs Leo Varadkar’s stance 
.@eucopresident says if @theresa_may wants extension of Brexit transition “EU leaders would consider this positively”. This is embarrassing for May. It implies Brexit extension her idea, not theirs. Her Brexiter MPs won’t like this 
Nigel Farage labelled the letter by Blair, Clegg and Heseltine supporting a second Brexit referendum as "collusion". Lord Heseltine's response was brutal.  
Take it or leave it? EU offers May few options on Brexit deal  
“I’m absolutely 100% sure that Arron Banks’ campaign had nothing to do with Russia” says @Nigel_Farage But what about the Russian bots Andy Wigmore boasted of? The dozens of contacts, some to talk money, between Leave EU and Russian Embassy, banks and oligarchs during #Brexit  
Voting the opposite way of Ronan Mullen in a referendum is a good rule of thumb.Vote YES to remove the offence of blasphemy from the constitution.Another nail in the coffin of Church and State.#blasref 
Nigel Farage - "Let’s just remind people that every single major player on both the Leave and Remain side of the debate said we will leave the EU, the Single Market and the Customs Union. "We couldn’t be any clearer." #Brexit  
MP move to curb referendum result even more arrogant.  
Juncker was asked about the NI border by the Irish in June: "If negotiations fail, will you give us a clear commitment the EU will NOT impose a border, customs posts or any other infrastructure?"Juncker: "Yes."This is a non-issue being exploited by Remoaners to block Brexit!  
Reports that mad cow disease has been detected on a Scottish farm will not help UK's case on Brexit and the Irish border. Underlines the need for EU animal health checks, strengthens commission argument that such checks will be needed GB-NI and UK-EU 
Suzanne Evans - "You never thought for a minute that the people of this country might actually decide to leave the EU because they can see the damage it is doing to this country in the way it is shackling us to Brussels." #Brexit  
This Saturday, 20th October, we will gather at Belfast City Hall at 3pm to Support the Rally for Remain! We are the majority and we demand that the British Government and their DUP accomplices respect the Remain majority vote in the north of Ireland. Say No to Brexit!  
WOW Bremainers @BremainInSpain Stannah Stair Lifts are playing our tune! @Suewilson91 @ZAdamsGreen @ElspethElspeth @jrmakd Thanks Charlie @PimlicoPlumbers Bremainers will be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch Saturday with a BREXIT is BONKERS stickers ... Ask them for one and wear proudly!  
Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell "We will not accept a no deal Brexit and we will not allow the Prime Minister to undermine the sovereignty of Parliament to save her own skin" pic.twitter.com/sL3beLkqj4  #Brexit #GTTO #theresamay 
We as a country had a Democratic Vote on Brexit when people have given their lives for our Freedom and Democracy. You have got all these greedy lieing, self centred politicians who deep down only care what goes into their pockets. They are a disgrace to soldiers past and present. 
Opinion: I voted Leave and now I want a Final Say on the Brexit deal  
1) Merkel at EU summit just described with a smile trying to find a way forward on the Irish border as trying to ‘square the circle’ in #Brexit negotiations but said ‘where there’s a will, there’s normally a way’ 
"We do not have a solution on all fronts... but a lot was analysed in a constructive way" - German Chancellor Angela Merkel says EU members will meet again once there's "sufficient progress" #BrexitLatest:  
Mad cow disease been discovered at a farm in Aberdeenshire. At least we know this won't happen in England after Brexit - Trump will insist we abolish the Food Standards Agency on the basis that lots of cows seem sane to him. 
Theresa May had 15 minutes to impress EU leaders with a Brexit plan. Instead, she came across as nervous, and nobody was any the wiser on what she was offering  
If you can't get to London for the#PeoplesVoteMarch head to Belfast!A major anti-Brexit rally is taking place in Belfast on Saturday.Gather at Belfast City Hall at 3pm for the 'Rally for Remain' ... and show your opposition to Brexit.  
Arise, Sir Brexit: Quitting Europe is damaging the UK economy but the Government's looking to honour the few Brexit backing business bods. Seriously  
European Parliament president Antonio Tajani has said the parliament will not support a #brexit deal without an agreement on the backstop.  
GET SMART: The 'Russians Did Brexit' Narrative Collapses After Twitter Releases Analysis  
MAYOR KHAN WORRIED ABOUT BREXIT WHILE LONDON CHOKES ON THE POLLUTION TFL HAVE CAUSED @DailyMailUK @Telegraph @DailyMirror @TheSun @MayorofLondon 
"Theresa May has indicated that the transition period will be extended to allow her and the EU27 to secure the best possible trade deal after Brexit."  Translation: we'll drag it on and on and on to give remainers more time to stop it happening.  
My view: Theresa May is a Globalist Lib Masquerading as a Conservative. There’s NO WAY Referendums like BREXIT Should be Allowed to be Ignored/Overturned in a Democracy.Brits Deserve Better; Democracy Demands itThe Conservative Party Needs to Oust Theresa May  
Here comes the FIRST pair of #SuperMoutaiCocktail!  Dragon Moutai VS Herbal Moutai. Dragon Moutai has a mysterious look and mild taste, while Herbal Moutai will bring you an aromatic smell and a healthy efficacy. Which one do you prefer?#supermoutai 
Corker for today: 50ish hard-#Brexit fan. Calls me a snowflake then says: "It's been 2 years since we left and *nothing* bad has happened at all. It was all remainer lies and project fear, see!" There's no (point) arguing with world-class, gold-plated ignorance like that.  
"Almost half of all English voters would risk the peace process to leave the EU."So in other words, almost half of English voters would be willing to accept bombs on the high street in order to get their Brexit.And seriously ... we are letting these maniacs dictate UK policy?  
'Brexit and Trump have proved that lies are more attractive than facts'  
Brilliantly succinct summary from @Femi_Sorry on we need a #PeoplesVote. If you agree, join us for the #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday and demand a final say on #Brexit - more details here:  
After #Brexit, a top priority for UK & EU was to protect the rights of citizens living abroad. Macron's threat to make Brits 'illegal immigrants' in light of no-deal is nasty politics, and flies in the face of his other principles (mainly that immigration is a good thing!)  
Angela Merkel was asked by a tourist how Brexit talks are going while out for a beer in central Brussels last night with Emmanuel Macron and other leaders. She replied: "Please, it's a wonderful evening - let's not spoil it with that!" Know the feeling, Mutti. Know the feeling. 
Every one who marches on Saturday will have a clear and simple four-word message to all of our MPs about what they are collectively doing – or are allowing to be done – in the name of Brexit: NOT IN MY NAME. 
EU leaders spent more time drinking beer and gossiping into the early hours of this morning on the famous Grand Place than discussing Brexit  
Let us all remember what Churchill said of political puzzles like Brexit:  "It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma; but perhaps there is a key." That key is delivering self-government and democracy in line with the referendum result. 
Brexit has divided Britain - only through conversation can we get out of this mess. Watch what happens when our Durham activist Paul spoke to his Leave voting Grandma   
WITCH HUNT! ‘Russian bots’ only sent 4,400 Brexit tweets out of total of 10 MILLION  
2/ a promise of a legal agreement by the now Prime Minister broken the moment she put no-deal Brexit on the negotiation table. Ruling out exactly that EU/UK agreement she was referring to in that speech in June 2016. 
VIDEO: Shocking figures quoted!Millions of rape victims are White and Sikh girls and the perpetrators are Muslim men according to Lord Pearson speaking here in the House of Lords.#Brexit #Immigration #Immigrants 
Another day, another megabucks pale stale male celebrity gammon on @BBCr4today whining about the EU from his tax haven outside the EU, IS THIS NEWS ARE YOU JOURNALISTS, meanwhile real people suffering real hardship in their real lives because of real Brexit are ignored, ffs BBC  
Brexit is taking its toll on business, and with it, a toll on jobs and public finances too. The impact is so bad in fact, that one economist argues that production lost in the past two years may never be recovered. MUST-READ: Brexit is bad for business 
For almost 2 and a half years May has been saying brexit means brexit. As we are not leaving the single union, not getting our borders back, not getting our fishing grounds back, and not getting our own laws, can someone explain how we are leaving? It's bullshit !!! 
Christian Adams on Theresa May on the Brexit treadmill – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, the man who thinks we might not see benefits of Brexit for 50 yrs, is apparently outraged it may take a few more months & in a bout of dizzying hypocrisy after calling food banks uplifting says additional payments to the EU should go to universal credit instead 
It's not just tiny Moldova, it's pretty much EVERY country with ANY KIND of grudge with the UK... we're HANDING THEM THE POWER to wreak havoc on the British economy... THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS when you UNILATERALLY slap TRADE SANCTIONS on YOURSELF; ie #Brexit 
I've supported @Nigel_Farage  for years in his quest for independence. But I must say, trying to win over hearts & minds for Brexit isn't the right strategy now. The time for talking is over. We need Brexit people power in the millions to #marchforbrexit 
We are stuck. The risk of 'no deal' Brexit is greater than ever. Is it time to consider a compromise, and opt for a Norway-style Brexit? My latest, from Oslo - also in today's paper: 
Someone should give ⁦@IanDunt⁩ an award for explaining the complexity & madness of Brexit in reasonably short sentences.   
As soon as a Brexit Taliban tribe member is pushed onto the ropes on the consequences of Brexit they always default to 'the people voted for Brexit'. It's like a pathetic recorded message triggered reflexively the moment they smell cognitive bother  
EU28: Nigel Farage and other UKIP (EFDD) members want to remain part of the European Parliament and run in the European election 2019 if Brexit will include transition period. #EP2019 
Is the EU really united over #Brexit?@bbckatyaadler, who's been watching the EU for more than 20 years, gives her verdictLatest on #Brexit  (Tap to expand) 
ICYMI: as the #Brexit chaos gets even worse - there IS a way to resolve the crisis - whichever way you voted before. Even @piersmorgan admitted to me yesterday on @GMB with @susannareid100 that that he now thinks there *should* be a @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
UK will do well post Brexit. We just have to get through the transition from in to out of the EU - which is far more a political and bureaucratic event than an economic one. @BrexitCentral 
a)The clue is in the word ILLEGAL @DavidLammyAll of you were elected to Parliament to uphold British Law, so why don’t you want to do so?b) The people voted to BREXIT - you were elected to serve us.  So please do it! Uphold democracy.  
Bad move by the PM. This will rightly strengthen the turning of backs on Westminster, and accelerate the gravitation towards Dublin for shelter. Eyes are being opened! #brexit  
That awkward moment when you realise Brexit is absolute shit.  
Angela Merkel, Emmanuel Macron, Charles Michel and Xavier Bettel walk into a bar.A fellow customer asks how the Brexit negotiations are going.And Merkel reportedly says: "Please, it's a wonderful evening...let's not spoil it with that!" 
What u really mean is the #Remainers have run out of ideas as to how to hide their intent to thwart #BrexitWe brexiteers are quite clear - #NoDeal after the Brexit negotiations shambles by #May & her #Govt 
NJOYA - IT'S THE ECONOMY, STUPID: Why the current push for a referendum is a distraction from the reforms Kenya needs | The Elephant  
.@allianceparty: “The PM claims to be acting on behalf of the people of Northern Ireland but is only listening to the DUP, who are presenting a distorted position.Northern Ireland voted Remain and there is also a majority support for the Backstop"#brexit  
Brexit transition period to be extended until all Leave voters have died | NewsThump     #fo2eu 
Brexit was the executive decision of the PMIt is not owned by the electorate or by ParliamentWe proved that. And the referendum was corruptNow then, this means __she owns this mess__Parliament, electorate and law can take the car keys back: and they must@UKEUchallenge 
Sadiq Khan doesn’t care.. not one family of the 100+ murdered ,  visitedOnly cares about banning bikini ads , trash talking Trump and trying to stop Brexit #TopKhant 
The harder the Brexit, the greater the support for Irish unity  
Turns out Liam Gallagher is the voice of reason on Brexit 
Must-see interview with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg today, where he rubbishes the proposed #Brexit transition extension & debunks many of the scaremongering around No Deal.Tough gig for Adam Boulton, but at least he let the man speak, fair play. 
Thatcher, during 1975 referendum campaign: “It’s absolutely vital that everyone should turn out in this referendum and vote ‘Yes’, so that the question is over, *once and for all*. We are really in Europe and ready to go ahead.”   
NJOYA: IT’S THE ECONOMY, STUPID: Why the current push for a referendum is a distraction from the reforms Kenya needs @wmnjoya 
Brexit crash – Economy in peril if UK spirals out  
"If science loses, everybody loses" Venki Ramakrishnan, President of the Royal Society on the dangers of #Brexit. Read our #NoDeal fact sheet  
We want what we decided upon in the referendum. The government and many of the political elite don’t want us to have it.  
READ: The #Brexit plan B's won't work. It's time to stop pretending. #PeoplesVote: 
We will not accept a no deal Brexit and we will not allow the Prime Minister to undermine the sovereignty of Parliament to save her own skin.  
Listeners LOVED this James O'Brien monologue on the state of Brexit with the transition period set to be extended.  
Do you want the #FinalSay on Brexit? Join us to march for a @peoplesvote_uk this Saturday in London 
Crap... A media trainer recently told me to slow down when I speak and it seems I just covered almost every aspect of Brexit in under 50 seconds. Damn. #politicslive 
Theresa May's Brexit plans left Angela Merkel confused, while other EU leaders felt she spoke too quickly at their summit in Brussels, officials tell Bloomberg  
So France wants to impose visas on UK visitors after Brexit. Wow. Dad Uncle Jack and Uncle Archie never needed one in 1944.  
NEW: England’s most senior health official says he cannot be “confident” that essential medicines will still be available after a no-deal Brexit. 
If the same question was asked today, in a new referendum, how would you vote?#Brexit#brexitpoll #Remain #leavePlease retweet for as large a poll as possible 
Theresa May's Brexit shambles: Desperate denials, broken promises - and without trust, you cannot lead  via @Telegraph 
Please sign and share this petition calling on Milton Keynes Councillors to support People’s Vote motion they will debate on 24/10/18MK will be hard hit by Brexit. All indicators point to MK switching from Leave to RemainWe deserve a say via @UKChange 
UK extending Brexit till possibly 2021 is all about Scotland. Gives Westminster time to legislate Scotland's options away 'in the national interest' & engineer no Indy majority at Holyrood in 2021. Scotland needs to end its policy of reaction & go for proactive. #DissolveTheUnion 
Pound Slides On Reports May 'Worried' EU Close To 'Pulling Plug' On Brexit Talks  
As your Queen,I Have a Brexit plan!Tomorrow, I’m going to see Arlene Foster,Slap her across the face & tell herSHE’s FUCKING IRISH! 
So first we had 'the backstop to the backstop'.  Today British officials were talking about 'the implementation of the implementation period'.  My head hurts. #Brexit 
Theresa May's mad plan to extend the Brexit transition could cost the UK another £15 billion. Total lunacy, we need to quit in March 2019 & not pay the EU one more penny..  via @MailOnline 
Delaying Brexit won’t change the loss of trust in Britain in Ireland  
Politicians peddling Brexit Plan Bs such as Canada Plus and Norway-then-Canada are deluding themselves. The only alternative to whatever grim deal Theresa May is able to bring home is no deal or a second referendum. Time to stop pretending. My latest.   
Ask Mr Caine who is the head of the WTO. The answer is Roberto Azevêdo. Unknown, unelected and almost certainly uninterested in the United Kingdom's particular needs post Brexit  
Theresa May will test Tory patience to breaking point with a bigger Brexit transition. May should have been kicked out months ago, why are Tory MPs letting her destroy Brexit, humiliate the country & ensure we get a Corbyn government? sack May now..  
With only a few months to go until the Brexit deadline, it really was quite unbelievable to witness this last night  
German TV mocks Britons as 'very stupid children' in sketch SLAMMING UK Brexit demands   
The richest countries in the world just told Britain to reverse Brexit or destroy the economy  
No, they mustn’t. .@Theresa_May has a majority, bought with OUR money. If she can’t get her deal through Parliament, that’s her problem. It is not @UKLabour’s job to save Theresa May & support the nasty, lying, cheating @CONservatives & their ruinous Brexit.  
As the UK Government prepares post-Brexit trade relations with the US, a lack of transparency into Big Tech's lobbying blitz is putting our digital rights at risk. #freespeech #censorship 
What we can learn from the Roman 'Brexit' 1500 years ago  #politics 
Extending the Brexit transition period could cost the British taxpayer a “stratospheric” amount of money, Conservative Eurosceptic Sir Bill Cash has warned  
Four people, including you, appear to have no appetite for anything other than: ‘SNP bad, ‘Indyref bad’, and ‘all referendum bad.’ Bash on, you are a minority in Scotland since 1955. 
Today’s Mirror.. ‘Labour must help May’ WTF? astonishing after Austerity Brexit Windrush child poverty foodbanks high streets shut down nhs collapsed housing Vulture Capitalists as homelessness epidemic ravages the country wages lower than 10 years ago.. back Theresa May FFS!!!  
Transition & staying in customs union is wrong!We're not able to take advantage of Brexit.We'll not be able to take back our fishing waters as we damn well should.We'll not be able to help business. Overburden by bureaucracy. Beaten down by regulatory authorities @Nigel_Farage 
Good. Then we can move at once to a people’s vote to stop Brexit & end this nightmare  
France REFUSES to help Dover plan for no-deal Brexit: Macron attempts more pain for UK  
What's this new craze of lying about kids saying worldly and wise things? My 3 year old is clever but she dances round the house and thinks she's Elsa from Frozen, she doesn't ask me about Brexit or say the world today is dangerous and sexist. Just fuck off  
chuka umunna being paid 65k to be a stop brexit reply guy to jeremy corbyn 
Enough time has been wasted on lies and delusions. Just admit that what was agreed in December means whole UK will be in whole single market and customs union, or UK gets border in Irish Sea.PM is incapable and Brexit is undeliverable. For once, just accept this can’t be done 
.@SinnFeinIreland deputy leader @moneillsf says Theresa May "continues to ignore the majority voices in the North" #brexit  
.@SDLPlive leader @columeastwood says Theresa May "refusing to meet the pro-remain parties is disgraceful but not surprising"#brexit  
Former PM of Finland tells @rachelnpr that Brexit negotiations are so hard because “Brexit is a lose-lose proposition.... Leaving the EU is like leaving the Internet. You can do that, but...” 
So @Jacob_Rees_Mogg thinks the UK would be better spending money on Universal Credit than extending #Brexit deadline.Here's an idea for Jake, why not stay in the EU and spend the divorce payment on hiking Universal Credit, paying more to the NHS, to schools and to the Police. 
Real British SMEs are not global citizens, we are here, and whatever mess Brexit makes we must stick around to clean it up. That's why when companies like Stannah warn against impending disaster people are more likely to stand up and take notice. 
Just cancel Brexit. Just do it. Yes, a lot of people will be upset. But they'll die in the next ten years and we can all move on. 
This is the PM’s biggest Brexit problem. EU leaders cannot be confident she can deliver any deal they negotiate with her - as her backbench colleague @andreajenkyns explains. 
Boris, Mogg, and David Davis Tell PM Her Deal ‘Is Not Brexit’, Warn Public ‘Will Not Forgive Us’   
Downing St told Northern Ireland's 'remain' parties that it is "not able to accommodate your request for a meeting with the Prime Minister at this time..... but the PM's Chief of Staff is happy to find time to speak to this group individual or collectively."#brexit  
"We are watching the Tory Party disintegrating live on national TV" @lisanandy's take as @JamesCleverley and @andreajenkyns debate the future of the PM and Brexit. He thinks a move to remove May is "bonkers' she thinks the PM needs to go. . 
The USA side with the UK against the EU over Brexit & the City saying EU banks will be banned from the US market over the EU's post Brexit banking plans. The USA are one of our true allies unlike the EU..  
Wonderful To See A Famous Family Business Like Stannah Take a Stand Against Brexit!  
This Saturday, I’m joining people from every corner of our country to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit. Make your voice heard - join us on Saturday and march for your future. #PeoplesVote 
What can we say! Heading for No Brexit through continual can kicking.3 year transition will see fishing industry eradicated as EU will be free to cull us by enforcing detrimental rules we'd have signed up to swallow. Total Sell Out & another £20bn for the privilege! #MayMustGo! 
Now that @georgegalloway is back in the news I'm reminded of the time he blocked me for asking him to define Super Devo Max during the referendum. Still waiting, tbh. 
Why oh why does the @bbcnews only interview 2 opposing views on #brexit only from The Conservative Party?You ignored libdem Lab and SNP Remainers during Referendum too! 
When will Brexiteers finally act to "take back control" is the most pressing question? If they don't there will be betrayal of Brexit & sell out to being a vassal state@Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson @DCBMEP @OwenPaterson @johnredwood @JLongworthLML @andreajenkyns 
There is a depressing air of repetition about Brexit twitter today, as if nothing has actually been resolved in the UK for over 2 years. Which it hasn't. Time is running out and we need something to change - what can we do? 1/ (of not too many) 
So today's good news: the paper I was missing about my first period living in Germany has been found by the Berlin archives people. I will have the right to become German on 9/3/2019, i.e. *before* #Brexit, and before #EP2019!    
TBF, May was never going to make a success of Brexit because it’s simply not possible to do. But, my god, she has managed to spectacularly fuck it up in every possible way. 
The Donald Tusk offer of a free trade deal with Great Britain is still on the table. The priority for the Government should be to insist that this offer be made available to the whole of the UK. Only by doing this can we have a #Brexit deal that delivers what the people voted for  
EU citizens in the UK: if you have questions about your EU rights and #Brexit now it's the time to ask! An immigration lawyer will answer your questions on Facebook live on Friday 19 October from 18.30. Tune in and ask about #EUcitizensright on our FB page @ECinUK 
I'm so glad that @Femi_Sorry decided to stop his old career and spend his time explaining what a terrible mistake Brexit is. How must it feel to be one of the sellout politicians, having it patiently explained by someone years younger, knowing that he is right? 
Brexiters demand an open border with the EU so they can control their borders , Brexit logic 17 
Brexit as rapture: speaking in tongues and handling snakes will be next.   
Please hire me, an actual whinging resident of Northern Ireland, to write about the impact Brexit and a hard border would have on the province. 
I think the Country is close to despair!May says transition could be extended as senior MP says Tories 'close to despair' over Brexit - Politics live  
.@Anna_Soubry - Whatever deal we get this country's future prosperity will be reduced & harmed & that's from the Govt’s own assessments.. people now understand the facts about #Brexit & they're entitled to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final deal.@Andrew_Adonis @campbellclaret 
“I am now seeking an urgent meeting with the highest levels of the UK government to stress the urgency of the situation now facing us.”Potential of #NoDeal #Brexit is "unthinkable" - @Minette_Batters 
Brexit is the big European Union bluff. They are trying to coerce the British people into backing down and force them, using delay and scare tactics, into holding another referendum. Stand firm, call the European bluff. 
‘I didn’t hate the English - until now’ - strong words in @nytimes from London-based Irish writer Megan Nolan on the emotions that #Brexit has stirred and reaction in UK to problems it poses for Ireland  
“Far’s i fish?”“Lorry.”“Far’s i lorry?”“M20.”“Fit’s it deein there?”“Gaan aff.”“Nah nah. Fit’s i lorry deein there?”“Nithin.”“Fit wey?”“A i customs at Dover’s nae workin.”“Fit wey?”“Brexit.”“But there’s nae foreign trahlers in oor watters.”“An nae fish gettin selt.” 
Another business has joined @PimlicoPlumbers to lead a bright yellow protest against Brexit.  
Out and about in Kelso today and there’s certainly no appetite for the @theSNP @NicolaSturgeon referendum to break up Britain.Or any other referendum on anything else for that matter.No more referendums please.Ever.#No2IndyRef2#NoSecondEURef 
Theresa May is refusing to meet the four Pro-Remain parties together. She continues to ignore the majority voices in the North opposed to this unwanted, reckless Tory/DUP Brexit @columeastwood @StephenFarryMLA @naomi_long @GreenPartyNI 
There is a #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday in #London. The reason? Because the people aren’t being listened to. #remain has been ignored for two and a half years. But no longer. The majority of the U.K. do not want any form of Brexit, Tory or Labour. We WILL be heard. #FBPE.  
“Sinn Féin met British Prime Minister and British SoS on Monday. We made it clear that in case of Brexit crash-out and no-deal scenario it’s absolutely incumbent on them to put the constitutional future of the north to the people here through a #UnityRef.”- Michelle O’Neill MLA 
PLEASE have a read of this report. It absolutely sums up 2018 Britain, what led to Brexit and the devastation that massive inequality causes  
No @CamillaTominey, the Northern Ireland border issue has not been blown out of all proportion - @Femi_Sorry explains why it's vital we get a #PeoplesVote to avoid a disastrous Brexit there #PoliticsLive 
“Them”? That is the crux of Brexit. There is no “them”. It’s all “us”. We’re part of that community. 
Mad cow disease is back. No more McDonalds for you stupid cunts who voted for Brexit. You’re going to be trapped on the world’s first ‘vegan island nation’, forced to fight each other to the death over beans. Stick some karma in a bap and hurl it up your arse. 
Mr Farage @Nigel_Farage talking #Brexit bollocks as usual, he lies like a cheap watch, the leaflet, which I still have, clearly states "The UK is a strong, independent nation". You aren't going to win friends and trade deals by insulting countries smaller than us Nigel.  
Yeah Mad Cow Disease is back! Finally Brexit is helping us make the UK like it was in the good old days! I bet once we actually leave we can get some of that Salmonella back too like we used to when times were proper! 
Great commentary from @kierancuddihy on our citizenship referendum in 2004 - which he calls an “utterly nonsense” referendum which was predicated on scaremongering. Says 9yo born in Ireland and now threatened with deportation is “as Irish as anyone” @LunchtimeLiveNT 
Today @UCC we welcome @SteveAikenUUP who will deliver the first Jean Monnet lecture of the academic year 'The Day After [Brexit]: Rebuilding an Enduring Relationship for these Islands'. All welcome  
How to win trade deals! Farage talks #Brexit Bollocks as usual, I still have the leaflet he refers to & it doesn't make it clear we would be leaving the Single Market & the Customs Union. In fact Mr Farage @Nigel_Farage the leaflet doesn't mention the Customs Union not even once! 
Good for Adam Boulton. He's got the bit between his teeth now and he's really going for it with the Brexit shysters. Farage obviously seriously rattled here.  
We have to make sure the backstop is maintained in order to protect the Good Friday Agreement and our rights at this crucial stage of the Brexit process - @M_AndersonSF @BBCTalkback 
Let's recall "the association" between the prevalence of Mad Cow disease and the likelihood of voting for Brexit :)  
My questions reveal Govt has slashed @NaturalEngland funding by 55% and moved 463 staff to @DefraGovUK.Behind @michaelgove’s promises of a ‘Green Brexit’ is a secretive assault on the agency that looks after irreplaceable habitats & beautiful landscapes. 
Before the referendum Phillip Lee promised: "I will represent the public's view and vote accordingly". Now he's calling for the result of that referendum to be overturned. Is it any wonder people don't trust politicians? #politicslive 
Polls show Brits increasingly believe voting to leave was wrong in hindsight  Whether you voted leave or remain, if you want a vote on the final Brexit deal then join the #PeoplesVoteMarch THIS Saturday: 
.@thomasbrake: Extending Brexit transition period is another embarrassing climbdown. This Tory Government is in chaos. MPs from across parties must stand with the LibDems and fight for the people to have the final say over Brexit.  
Why then did the UK agree to *precisely that* in December 2017 then?There is no honesty from the UK side here at all. They are going back on what was already agreed.#Brexit  
#Brexit is not difficult.Offer a free trade deal and walk away.The #REMOANERS are deliberately making it difficult to try and get us to stay IN. 
NONSENSE: Farage blasts the idea the Brexit campaign was linked to Russia. “This is hysterical… It’s utter nonsense, but that’s what you've got with an establishment who will do what they can to overturn Brexit.” 
Devastating news. So we'll need the EU more than ever to help the UK with expertise and aid. Our exports will now cease. This is bad bad news for the UK and for brexit.  
#Brexit is falling apart before our eyes, the PM is a figure of ridicule, and the future of the United Kingdom is at stake. It's the perfect time for the final push to #StopBrexit. Attend or promote the #PeoplesVoteMarch, donate to a pro-EU campaign! Let's get this fight WON! 
BSE, Brexit and the myth of regulatory divergence. (The Animal By-Products and Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathies (Amendment) (England) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018)  
It's up to 72k. Let's push this petition over 100k!Petitition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
@theresa_may Please don't fail the 52%! Don't cave in to the EU globalists who have contempt for sovereignty, want mass migration, censorship, high taxes and control! There was a referendum. The people have spoken and the destiny of the UK belongs to them!#BrexitMeansBrexit 
The EU was intrumental in ensuring that bans on British meat were not unfair and when they were (France) helped overturn that bad. After #Brexit expect zero support on that score.  
.@MayorofLondon @ChukaUmunna @jon_bartley my 5 year old son will join me on his first march on Saturday for #peoplesvote, a meaningful vote & #finalsay on Brexit disaster, this is his future. #Streatham, who will join us? 
@mrjamesob summed up my situation nicely just thenI was suspended from the Conservative Party for saying not enough progress had been made on Brexit and now May is trying to postpone Brexit because not enough progress has been madeJust another day in British politics  
People ask what is Theresa May’s endgame. Simple. Ensure no meaningful Brexit ever happens. She has no purpose beyond that.,  
The best part of this clip is the Bloomberg presenter who's clearly amazed that a prominent German economist is praising the opportunities of Brexit and the British economy 
Young people won’t forgive those who deny us a vote on this botched Brexit | Lara Spirit  
BREXIT: The barely containable gammon fury is spilling out of Mail Online today. Enemies of the people? Check. We need Nigel Farage? Check. Just get out? Check. We need a man with balls of steel? Um… check?  
European banks could be BANNED from the US if vindictive EU bosses insist on punishing Britain for #Brexit  
Angela Merkel, Emmanuel Macron, Charles Michel and Xavier Bettel walk into a bar.A fellow customer asks how the Brexit negotiations are going.And Merkel reportedly says: "Please, it's a wonderful evening...let's not spoil it with that!" 
Chief Economist of Germany's biggest bank on #Brexit: “The UK will do just as well or better… the UK economy has it in its genes to do well, to be innovative, it doesn’t have this bureaucratic construct that the Europeans struggle with and it’s got flexible exchange rates!”  
A massive point about the #Brexit transition period from @NickBoles today on @SkyNews.It was supposed to be to allow businesses to find their feet and adapt to our new trading arrangements, not to be an extended negotiation period. 
This morning feels like a moment in Theresa May's leadership. Effectively staying another year in the EU is completely unacceptable to the Brexiteer MPs I have spoken to. She appears to have run out of road in the Brexit talks and has days left as PM, they say. 
It's curious how Tory Brexiters have forgotten the lessons about Non-Tariff Barriers that led Margaret Thatcher to become one of the prime architects of the Single Market.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Will I finish #Brexit or will #Brexit finish me Tune in next week to find out x 
France is supposed to be Britain's ally, so why is it behaving like an enemy with this disgusting proposal to impose visas on UK tourists?  #Brexit 
and here's me thinking he was working flat out to scupper Brexit...........how can a Labour MP pocket 65,000 for 12 hours a month and look his constituents in the eye when talking about the division between the haves and the have nots 
Michael Caine ‘still believes’ Brexit is a good idea  
If the monthly figures from the ONS are sustained, then it tells us that Britain is already on the brink of recession. #Brexit isn’t helping. 
IF we do #Brexit, I really hope there are still a lot of Brexiters around to witness our inevitable rejoining of the EU - and having lost our current vetoes, our entry into the Eurozone and Schengen. Oh, how I'll laugh....  
Sembla que al ⁦@FT⁩ tenen clar què cal per a que s’aprovin els pressupostos:“The socialist government will need the support of Catalan nationalist MPs to ensure passage of the budget, but they have demanded a referendum on independence in return”.  
Today I asked the Leader of the House for a categorical assurance that, whether no deal or deal defeated in the House, under no circumstances will the Government delay Brexit.The procedure is clear: no one else can delay it under the Act. 
I'm not remotely surprised by the flood of transphobia we've had in the British media this past year. It's a product of the same broken system that gave us Brexit and, in the US, Trump while failing to communicate the catastrophic, irreversible and urgent threat of climate change 
The #Brexit vote was the largest democratic mandate ever handed down in this country. Both of the major political parties in last year's general election vowed to respect this decision in their manifestos. It's time to deliver on that commitment #WalesLive 
"What sort of government would decide to put tariffs on food, clothing and footwear? That would be folly!" - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg argues there will be no extra cost to consumers under a Canada plus-style deal.For the latest on Brexit, head here:  
848 days have passed since we voted to leave the EU and all Theresa May has done is: Regurgitate meaningless slogans Commit to an eyewatering £39bn Brexit bill Botch a snap general election Agree a disastrous backstop Kick the can down the roadShe has got to go!  
Longer read from last week from Larne on these animal checks, Brexit, backstops, the Irish Sea, and threats to vote down the Budget and DUP suggestions the Conservatives might want to change Leader to heal the wounds in the confidence & supply arrangement:  
The Brexit story has become a mess: an extension to the extended transition; backstops to backstops; remaining in the customs union so that we can clarify leaving it; agreeing to a process that is worse than staying in the EU or leaving it. What is wrong with this mad government? 
Britain "will do just as well or better" than the EU over 20 or 30 years but the Brexit adjustment will be "painful," Deutsche Bank's chief economist says  
I'm so fucking angry with @BBCr4today, Roger Daltrey, Michael Caine both extremely wealthy being wheeled out to tell the plebs that #Brexit will be good for us, easy to say when your wealthy, like all Brexiters they get prime time on #r4today to spout their crap unchallenged. 
"A vast network of Russian trolls on Twitter launched a “co-ordinated” push to spread pro-Leave messages on the day of the European Union referendum, new data from the social network confirms."It's time for a People's Vote. 
It looks like the Government will try and ensure that the ‘meaningful vote’ will be between a disastrous Brexit and an even more disastrous No Deal. This is them ‘taking back control’. A rock or a hard place with lots of rocks. #businessquestions 
"I think it's a poorly thought-through idea" - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg explains why he thinks extending the Brexit implementation period is a bad idea.For live updates on the EU summit, head here:  
It’s time for Theresa May to finally say no to Brussels and take back control by leaving all of the EU’s major institutions:  #Brexit 
There’s still time to join @peoplesvote_uk march on Saturday in #London. Click for more info:- #FBPE#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #BrexitI will be there with @conservative4pv @YoungTories4PV @Mcr4EU @Liverpool4EU @LancasterForEU @for_helens 
The Tories can't even make a "meaningful vote" meaningful - it's time for a #PeoplesVote to bring democracy to the Government's chaotic Brexit process. 
The two largest EU Free Trade Agreements took 8 years (South Korea) & 9 years (Canada, though still not in force) to negotiate.The idea that extending the Brexit transition period from 21 months to 33 months will unlock an EU trade deal with the UK is frankly ridiculous. 
"The problem isn't Brexit....The problem is the Prime Minister"  
Michael Caine, Roger Daltrey, Morrissey, John Lydon, all rich, all live in America...Coming over here telling us that brexit is good.Fuck off! #Brexitchaos #bbcqt #r4today#PoliticsLive #Newsnight #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw pic.twitter.com/VfU6aNL5ST 
In dealing with #Brexit I have two main concerns: the European citizens in the UK - we need legal certainty for them. Second, we won't accept a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. These are red lines for us. 1/2 
It is horrible to think that Brexit might become yet another tragedy inflicted upon Ireland by the British...  
NEWS! Brexit transition period to be extended until all Leave voters have died  
Keep on top of the very latest Brexit negotiations with Private Eye, on sale now, only £2!  
Democracy didn’t end on 23 June 2016.  Referendum wasn’t end of the story - it was start of something new.  We must be champions of greatest social transformation in years & use a #PeoplesVote as opportunity to transform things - not defend the status quo. Join us Saturday 
‘The Problem Isn’t Brexit. It’s the PM’: Anger as Appeaser Theresa Pushes For Further Brexit Delay   
'This is laughable' -  Nigel Farage says the accusation that the Leave campaign was funded by Russian money is just a way of undermining the Brexit result. Follow the EU summit live:  
EU governance is corrupt, undemocratic, bureaucratic, over-regulated and, ultimately, unworkable:  #Brexit 
Blair, Clegg and Heseltine writing for a German newspaper, telling the EU to drag its feet in the Brexit negotiations to buy them time to overturn it, demonstrates everything wrong with the haughty, solipsistic metropolitan caste they represent - and re-affirms why we must Leave. 
Extraordinary timing - Brexit backstop significance: we filmed at the port in Larne last week where cattle exported from GB to NI/ ROI are already checked, and these are the type of checks and reason for the checks that EU want to continue & expand in backstop, rejected by DUP  
'Brexit is a threat to Ireland, the U.K., the rest of Europe — and the U.S. too'  
Fascinating caller on @mrjamesob show, describes British exceptionalism and Brexit.  “We are being punished by the EU because they are making us abide by the same rules as everyone else, and we are not the same as everyone else, we are exceptional.”  Brilliant! 
So many - on many sides - know that Brexit will be disastrous for exactly the people who want it, but don’t dare say so because they think the electorate will reject them. They know they’re lying. They just don’t dare face it. 
Don't want to alarm people but one former minister tells me there's talk of a "multi option" vote on Brexit. Aaaaagh....... 
As soon as P.M. 'Sharia' May took the decision to let 500 isis Jihadi terrorists back into Britain from Syria, people should have started to realise that she quite simply hates Great Britain and the British people.Then you can see that her Brexit betrayal is no surprise#traitor 
REVEALED: Russian-link Twitter accounts tweeted about Brexit just 4,000 times out of 9 million tweets. And most of them came after the referendum! How will the EU-loving conspiracy theory lunatics spin this one?  
Brexit certainly is Bonkers, and it was great to see another proud UK business @Stannah Stair Lifts join us and make a stand against it.  We need more companies like these guys to show they will not be cowered.@campbellclaret@mk1969 
He's right of course, Parliament has to start functioning; unfortunately, this unelected government, built on deceit and lies, are unable to. Time for change, or it won't be a few hundred 'drunken knobheads' on the streets we'll have to worry about - it will be the real deal. 
It's official - the EMA is moving out of the UK as a direct result of Brexit.The UK is getting less interest from the international pharmaceutical industry. But it doesn't have to be this way. Demand a #PeoplesVote by marching with us on Saturday  
More from my Francis Fukuyama interview - on Brexit: "Having a referendum in a country with a parliamentary system is really a big mistake." 1/2  
"I've been expelled because I haven't toed the line on Brexit" - Former Conservative MEP @juliegirling describes the "astonishing... civil war" going on in the Conservative Party.For live updates from the EU summit, head here:  
Do you want the #FinalSay on Brexit? Join us to march for a @peoplesvote_uk this Saturday in London 
We warned you SO MANY TIMES.We warned you Brexit would be a catastrophe.And we warned you that if you voted to trigger Article 50, you would not get a meaningful vote on any deal. You went, 'Nah, mate, it'll be fine.'At what point are you going to start listening to us? 
"Young people won’t forgive, and they certainly won’t forget, anyone who fails to give us a vote on this botched Brexit." 
Theresa May says the #Brexit transition period could be extended What does it mean, and why has it annoyed some MPs? @BBCLauraK explainsRead more: [tap video to expand] 
As per this statue of George Orwell outside the @bbcworldservice I must tell the good people of the UK, there is no such thing as a good #Brexit  
Supporter and NHS Doctor of 25 years @ch323 talks about why Brexit isn't just a 'shrug your shoulders' moment and why we must do something about it.Join us this Saturday and demand a @peoplesvote_uk:  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
In her party leadership pitch, May promised "no 2nd referendum". She also promised:no general election before 2020no A50 before UK had a negotiating strategyno change in UK trading relations for foreseeable futureno change to legal status of the 5 millionall broken  
WATCH | "This is laughable!" says @Nigel_Farage in response to the conspiracy theory re: @Arron_Banks and the Russians: "I am 100% certain that Arron Banks' campaign had nothing to do with Russia and these repeated accusations are just a means of trying to discredit Brexit."  
BREAKING: It's 102 days since they quit and Boris Johnson and David Davis still don't like Chequers. And it's now been 847 days and Tony Blair, Nick Clegg and Michael Heseltine still don't like Brexit. 
 A must read on the EU’s provocative Northern Ireland backstop proposals. “This EU plan violates the delicate balance struck by Good Friday more than Brexit does. It would ease Northern Ireland away from the UK and push it more towards Dublin’s orbit.”  
Alastair Campbell - Every single calculation says.. apart from the #Brexiteers 1 tame economist Patrick Minford.. that #brexit is going to be bad for our economy. The #PeoplesVotemarch will show MPs that the country isn't going to be railroaded into a deal that nobody believes in 
ARE YOU READY TO MARCH? In just 2 days, we'll take to the streets of London to demand a final say on Brexit. We're coming with flares, red flags and a radical message of hope and solidarity.We want to build better society. Join us #StopToryBrexit 
You'll find Countywide Question One on the last page of the November 6 ballot. Learn more about the referendum at  Early voting begins Mon. Oct. 22. 
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender 
The very same people saying Brexit is undeliverable have been trying to stop it being delivered for two years, says @Tom_Slater_ 
Serious Q: is anyone planning to or will be out of UK on brexit day? What are your thoughts on this, as it looks like I may be 
I will dedicate my life campaigning and voting against the @Conservatives to make sure that they NEVER see power again l. You can’t have a functioning democracy if you betray it by ignoring the majority’s decision in 2016. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal 
Any Labour MP who votes for this Brexit deal deserves to be deselected. 
Article 50 was designed to be a transition period. May didn't call it for about 8 months after the Referendum and now she's going to cost us billions by dragging it out for another three years. Just in time for the next general election. Looks like we've been fooled. 
Nigel Farage: Isn’t it interesting when she’s asked what ‘about another year on the transition?’She doesn’t give an answer at allI’ve said from the start, the transition was the trap.Article 50, that 2 years process, that was the transition!#Brexit #EU 
Here's your Brexit pain, get your daily dose of Brexit pain here  
My opinion, Brexit is going to happen. No amount of marching or demonstrating will stop it. There won't be a #PeoplesVote. In fact I think No-Deal Brexit is the most likely outcome. Anyone else? 
Absurd for France to suggest that UK citizens would be “obliged to present a visa to enter French territory" after a no-deal Brexit. Citizens of more than 60 countries (including Panama, Tuvalu & Micronesia) can enter the Schengen area without a visit visa  
And what is Sadiq Khan doing about it, (other than filling up journalists’ inboxes with press releases about Brexit)?  
Which is the more contemptible?Theresa May for subverting Brexit even further OR the "Brexiteers" around her who sit back and allow it?  
I wonder if the likes of Roger Daltrey  and Michael Caine, benefit from keeping their wealth in offshore tax havens? The same tax havens that will be subjected to the new EU tax avoidance rules that apply to all EU member States from January 2019?   #BBCR4today #Brexit #FBPE 
Young people won’t forgive those who deny us a vote on this botched Brexit | Lara Spirit  
WATCH | When a biased BBC reporter asks Michael Caine if he still supports Brexit, the legendary actor speaks up for the will of the British people. We must control our own destiny as a nation!Support us at  
"Let’s step back from the edge and not rush into the void. Let’s decide our own future.”Steve Coogan describes Brexit a “looming disaster for our country” and calls on public to join the People's Vote march on Saturday  
One senior Tory: ""There are now 10 billion reasons why Mrs May should go - this is not delivering the referendum in any way shape or form. Think what that £10 billion could be spent on at home, police, schools, more doctors. It's a shambles." 
Michael Caine & Roger Daltrey on #r4today prove that age does not necessarily result in wisdom. It can lead to entrenched stupidity instead.There are no benefits to #Brexit for any but the ultra rich. Their support of Brexit can therefore only be seen as ultra selfishness. 
It is the year 2137. Brexit has still not happened. Theresa May is still prime minister  
England’s most senior health official says he cannot be “confident” that essential medicines will still be available after a no-deal Brexit – describing the task as “extremely difficult”.  
George Galloway last night in my view was attempting a shocking smear campaign against the SNP by claiming he heard that the SNP were set to vote with the Tories on Brexit in exchange for Indyref 2. He even claimed at one point Chris Law had confirmed this. Shame on Galloway.  
My son has a cultural school trip planned to Rome in AprilHis school said that if there is a no deal brexit, then the trip will be cancelled due to uncertainty over travel insurance, EHIC cards, Visa requirements, transport disruption & moreSo I'm marching Sat 1200 Park Lane 
‘So you think you know better than car manufacturers?’ – Villiers schooled on Brexit  
#Brexit is a Tory-inspired, Tory-owned, Tory-controlled catastropheIt hasn’t stopped the #Tory Civil War- more cleavedIt hasn’t unified the Nation - split wide-openIt hasn’t stopped #Austerity - deepened it#GEnow 
I’m enjoying #R4Today’s series on the impact of Brexit on ordinary, working class people. This week they had a couple of real down to earth cockney types called Roger Daltrey and Michael Caine. 
If the UK said "Unless, post-Brexit, UK rather than French laws & regulations apply in Pas-de-Calais & the UK gets to decide Pas-de-Calais' tariffs & trade deals, there'll be no deal", do you think France would find it very hard to work out whether it preferred a deal or not? 
Except a “no deal” would reduce Britain to a vassal state anyway, desperately seeking trade deals from anyone as its standard of living declined raplidly.So let’s just change one word.Switch “no deal” for “no Brexit” and suddenly it makes real sense. 
A Finnish MEP on Sky just now, interviewed by Adam Boulton, just said of Brexit that he doesn't understand why we want to cut ourselves out from the rest of the world. Therein lies the problem, the EU think they're 'the world'. 
Michael Caine is a patriotic hero and the star of my favourite film Zulu. All the Remoaners slagging him off not fit to lace his shoes. You'd all sell your country out for a few pieces of silver. God Save the Queen and Granite Brexit needed. 
The @ForBritainParty policy on #Brexit is clear.Withdraw immediately, no ifs, no buts.Simply to deliver what the British people voted for in 2016. 
The Govt is after forcing through a Blind #Brexit...to get us out of the EU w/o any honesty about our Final Destination...& that film didnt end well...#PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #Remain option 
WELL SAID MICHAEL CAINESir Michael Caine insisted today he still believed in Brexit and said it was better for Britons to be poorer but in charge of their own future.The...  
@DamianCollins @tom_watson There is a very simple answer in fact. The  fascists driving "brexit" want political power, Putin, who pays for it,  wants a weak Europe, and Mogg and his associates and accomplices are waiting to make lots of money from the resulting financial chaos. 
If we had a sensible opposition leader they would capitalise on public now rejecting Brexit and the damage May has done to finally kill it.Instead we have Jeremy Corbyn. The lifelong Brexiter who insists the public simply reject a Tory Brexit and demand a Labour one. 
Emily Thornberry:"The Tories are incapable of delivering on Brexit - which is why we need a General Election!""If we have to leave the EU, then we should do it by being in 'a' Customs Union, and then have a 'Free-trade agreement' grafted on top" #Sensible@EmilyThornberry #BBCqt 
As the Brexit deadline is getting closer without a deal, the attacks on SNP are getting ramped up. Its coming from all sides, even twat in a hat George Galloway is spreading false claims. I wonder why its so important to discredit SNP? UK worried about something? 
Margaret Thatcher was one of the architects of the Single Market. There is no way she’d want Brexit. Unlike you, she put country first. You’re welcome. 
Multimillionaire Hollywood actor Sir Michael Caine has weighed into the Brexit debate, saying he would rather be poor and outside the EU than rich and in it.  
You and your Brexit colleagues are standing back and allowing @theresa_may & @OllyRobbins manipulate us into what will be a remain position. Time to get a grip..!! 
Planning a last minute getaway to Paris? You can forget about it in Brexit Britain.A no-deal scenario could force Brits to apply for visas to visit France, while those living there could lose access to healthcare and welfare  
The Brexiteer who during Referendum campaign claimed when serving as SoS for NI that there was no border issue created by Brexit. People like me warning about major IRE border issue were merely scaremongering according to Villiers!  
What a quote from Finnish politician Alexander Stubb on @skynews just now “you can be against the EU but it’s like being against the internet, you can do it, but its better to try and influence it” #Brexit 
.@DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson @OwenPaterson and @Jacob_Rees_Mogg: Theresa May and her Government will not be forgiven by the British people if Brexit is reduced to a "choreographed show of resistance followed by surrender”.  
This was supposed to be the last chance to agree a Brexit deal, but Government infighting is risking a disastrous outcome. This just shows why it’s crucial that the British people get a final vote.  
It appears Brexit is being delayed due to the Ireland problem. Why delay it? The problem will be exactly the same next yr or anytime in the future as it is now. Either Brexit or don’t Brexit but don’t delay it. Simples.  
.@BBCr4today this morning had fossil Michael Caine blathering in support of Brexit; yesterday it was the withered Roger Daltrey doing the same. @bbcnews gives any pro-Brexit cretin free book publicity.  No-one opposed to Brexit is invited. Ever. #BBCbalance 
READ: @lara_spirit demands a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal -"Young people won’t forgive those who deny us a vote on this botched Brexit":  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Today is #AntiSlaveryDay. We must work to end slavery for good, but the hostile environment, Conservative cuts and Brexit all play into the hands of the slavers, says @EdwardJDavey: 
EFTA/EEA is (and always has been) the solution to Brexit.An association of like-minded countries, based upon trade and a mutual respect for sovereignty, not a political union based upon federalism and interference.EFTA is not perfect, but it’s the best there is. #Norway 
Brexit relied upon these things-A. Former colonies prioritising us over the EUB. Other countries leaving the EUC. No Trump in the White HouseD. Ireland doing what it was jolly well told to doE. An anglosphere, we are in charge ofOh dear. 
"A backstop for Ireland that safeguards the Good Friday Agreement is  essential. Without it, the European Parliament will not give its consent  on #Brexit agreement. I restated our full support to the Taoiseach, and to Ireland @campaignforleo" - @EP_President 
"Referendum is the most important reform, the most important first step, and of course there needs to be the appropriate time, the appropriate information … to see that that referendum is successful."  
There are lies, dammed lies and Brextremist promises. Now increasingly clear to all the extent of the big deceit. Having heard their EUphobic myths first hand from Brexiteer colleagues for 19 years I'm not surprised but a shame couldn't get this across in EU Referendum campaign. 
Both  @theresa_may and the @Conservatives  are TRAITORS! They are trying to kick the democratic will of the people into the long grass and keep us tied to the EU. Send them a message by letting them know we will never vote for them again. ReTweet if you agree.#Brexit  
So we are discussing a 3 year transition to allow time to discuss an UNLIMITED BACKSTOP if no FTA can be agreed in time.Complicated, unaccountable, needlessly bureaucratic and expensive. Classic EU. For God's sake Mrs May just get us out on WTO terms!#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
Forget Brexit! Emmanuel Macron and Angela Merkel surprised members of the public when they hit the town in Brussels after a day of discussions.For the latest on the EU summit, head here:  
People who think a backstop is a threat to the union have not been talking to soft unionists who - until Brexit - would never have even entertained the thought of supporting a United Ireland.The backstop isn't the biggest threat to the union, a No Deal Brexit is. #Brexit 
My World Affairs Council talk on Brexit from San Francisco is now on ITunes as a free download  
Theresa May's Brexit betrayal slowly slithers into view"The message is simple - if the people want to leave the European Union then they must join UKIP and vote for UKIP at any and every opportunity they have." - UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP READ:  
The parallels - @thetimes reports “Suburban women deserting Trump for the Democrats” - in UK the largest swing from Leave to Remain  is among women, who most clearly understand the Brexit threat to food standards, security, & the NHS. 
It's not the Brits that want Brexit. It's tax avoiders, MPs , MEPs, UKippers , Arron Banks, Farage, newspaper barons. People who voted leave had no idea of consequences. It's chaos & loss and no benefits. Only ill informed & bastard exploiters want Brexit. What benefit? 
"Theresa May is in a total bind... there aren't really any new ideas that she could come up with," @OpenEurope's @HenryNewman says on Brexit  
Easy for Caine to say; he'll never have to face being poor!Also, it's not "someone we don't know running it"- it's us & our mates. #Brexit is tantamount to saying "I'm not going to go down the pub with my mates any more unless I'm the one who always gets to decide what we do." 
Yesterday I understood that basically the entire industry is screwed because of Brexit. Loss of funding, freedom of movement a huge problem amd walls being put up everywhere. Everyones trying to make the best out of a terrible situation @peoplesvote_uk #lff 
Our MPs must admit the grim truth: "that the only true alternatives to whatever Mrs May is able to bring back from Brussels is no deal or a second referendum that could lead to no Brexit. It’s time to stop pretending." 
Theresa May 'losing support of colleagues' over Brexit concessions  
May is not negotiating an extension of the UK’s period in Brexit transition as a non-voting member of the EU but an “option” on an extension. It is all about Ireland and would land us with a backstop to the backstop to the backstop. I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP  
If Theresa May is promising Nicola Sturgeon a 2nd independence referendum in exchange for support from SNP MPs in Westminster she'd surely call it a "vow" and plaster it on the front of the Daily Record. Yes? 
Can myself and husband pretend to be beavers please? @theSNP Asking due to being exiled from Scotland due to husband's Belgian paid disability ending in March with Brexit. We're not cute or cuddly. We ARE Scots, though....  
A reality missed in London is the remarkable degree of solidarity with the principles behind Irish government's Brexit approach, even among Irish people who dislike Fine Gael. There will be disagreement with specific tactics or remarks, but near unanimity on core interests  
No one knows what Brexit means any more 
I’m going to file that one under my Brexit classics along with the quote from the PM of Luxembourg, which was reported here“They were in with a load of opt-outs. Now they are out, and want a load of opt-ins.” 
I see #r4today his week have interviewed Gammons such as Roger Daltrey and Michael Caine on Brexit. I've not had enough of experts but evidently the BBC has. 
Brexit goes against the fundamental values of the generations most affected by it.#WorldValuesDay 
Until you can tell me how you will...1. Ensure the vital NHS medicines supply2. Stop EU staff quitting the NHS in droves3. Prevent medical research being decimated..in the event of no-deal Brexit, then you, Mr Farage, are the problem.Your spin is threatening patients' lives.  
The tory party has done itself great damage, By allowing so many MP's to reject the terms of the referendum clearly says that a vote in the tory hands is not a vote at all. I am not supporting any party which does not support democracy or which is so easily bought off. 
Let's say his bill goes through. Do you know you need a Referendum to dissolve Nairobi County? I hope such a thing won't be hidden in this New constitution that is being campaigned for. Nairobi County deserves to enjoy fruits of devolution. #NairobiCityCountyToStay 
Angry senior Tories round on May over 'astonishing' U-turn on meaningful Brexit vote /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May told to resign after making 'outrageous' offer to extend Brexit transition for another year  
Forcing finance to leave Britain would lead to a smaller economy and less tax revenue, just as Brexit looms  
There’s only three #Brexit options left right now:1. Theresa May's bad Brexit deal2. No deal3. #PeoplesVote 1 - doesn’t work2 - destroys the country3 - decides democratically 
Brexit will fail. It was always doomed to failure. It is unworkable. It is unpatriotic. The will of the people won't allow it.  
Here is a diagram to help ur journalist challenge this myth presented by your #brexit guests.  U r welcome.  
More paracetamol less Brexit today plz 
Britain should remain close partner after #Brexit: Merkel  
PITCH: Twitter but sometimes we don't talk about Brexit 
I've sent numerous letters and emails to ministers regarding medicines that we get from the EU that will be affected by Brexit. Many of these cannot be stockpiled. Some are necessary to prevent death. How many replies? Not one. Not one reply. 
Daily Briefing:- No breakthrough at #Brexit summit- Britain open to longer transition but sees no need for it - May- Italy's PM sees no room to change 2019 budget planCatch up on the headlines:  
It's galling to hear Michael Caine, Roger Daltrey and so on being paraded out on #r4today to herald Brexit: they don't work for Nissan or Ford, they don't need free movement, if anything bad happens, they have enough money not to care. 
Brexit debate: each side asking the other for creative ideas. Pathetic. Maybe Tusk has the best suggestion. Treat it as a Gordian knot. We can’t untangle it, but we can cut through it in a single stroke: It’s called world trade terms. 
Angry senior Tories round on Theresa May over 'astonishing' U-turn on meaningful Brexit vote  
Thank you @BBCr4today for wheeling out another celebrity, net worth $75m, to give us his views on #Brexit. Perhaps you could interview someone juggling two jobs to put food on the table instead of these wealthy geriatric old farts for balance? #MichaelCaine 
I want the Brexit I was promised.I want:The single market signed over to meGerman car manufacturers to kneel before my mighty consumer powerAll future trade deals negotiated by me, over TeaA personal veto on all immigrationAll fish 
Desperate MinistersSecrets and truths unfold through the lives of delusional 'right honourable' friends on Hysteria Lane, after the mysterious suicide of a country's democracy.#Brexit, confused? You will be, after today's episode of #Brexit.  
After wasting 2 yrs alternating between treading water & sinking, May hasn't made a case for more time, she's proved she's incapable of anything but dithering & prolonging uncertainty. Wilful sabotage or pig-headed incompetence, either way, she's not up to delivering Brexit.  
Cable absent, Tony? We know you're a member of a pro-Brexit party, but if it wasn't for the Lib Dems there would be no anti-Brexit movement. It was Tim Farron who 24 hours after the referendum result, stood up & said "We will resist this", whilst Corbyn was calling for Article 50 
Memo to Theresa May: The deal you are currently trying to negotiate is quite simply NOT BREXIT. 
What a simpleton! We are not leaving Europe! We are leaving the dictatorship that is the EU! If he can’t even grasp this simple fact, he shouldn’t be given airtime to even speak about Brexit, what an idiot.  
Brexit and Independence has turned the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party into the Scottish Unionist Party. This is something that Davidson has been largely responsible for, she has played to the Unionist vote, look at some of their elected reps 
Longer transition period = more opportunity for a GE to allow the Tories to hand the smouldering carcass of Brexit to Labour and say: “Good luck negotiating your ‘better Brexit’ (from outside the EU)! Chop chop, clock’s ticking.”Potential biggest stitch-up in history? 
@ConHome Please accept this as termination of my membership of your party,thank @theresa_may c/o No.10 for this “Brexit means Brexit”  
Another year of transition won’t solve Irish border problem. But we’ll pay into EU budget and follow its rules without a say.The only good solution here is a #PeoplesVote at the end of the #Brexit talks. 
Read & be truly amazed. The clearest & starkest truth is that not just Brexit but these godawful people have to be stopped.  
March for the future; all of our futures on Saturday, before it's too late! @peoplesvote_uk @campbellclaret#PeoplesVoteMarch#PeoplesVote#Brexit 
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: “I’d rather be a poor master of my fate than be rich and having someone I don’t know running it”.Brexit means recreating the final scene from one of Caine’s most famous films, The Italian Job. A dodgy bus, a cliff edge and no plan.  
In communities where decades of neglect and deprivation have been felt the hardest, anger is at its most intense. Brexit was a megaphone for that anger. Is anyone listening?  
Michael Caine being interviewed on #bbcbreakfast , excruciatingly slowly wrecking his own reputation with stupid comments on Weinstein and Brexit. What a prick. 
In no particular order:- a tainted referendum;- dodgy data manipulation;- deliberate use of racism as a political strategy;- multiple failed attempts to get a seat in the Commons in your own name, including trailing to a man in a dolphin suit- no shame  
Always remember, those pushing though Brexit want you to believe protesting will make no difference (and want you to forget why you have a vote, why the Poll Tax was scrapped etc). Always better to do something rather than nothing.  
Brexiter attacks on the civil service point to the wider dangers of faith-based politics. My latest Brexit Blog post:  
John Major’s latest rant against us Brexit voters makes clear how much elite Remainers loathe the public. And then these people have a meltdown when someone calls them enemies of the people, says Brendan O’Neill 
£2 Billion to help desperate people suffering from the cruel and calamitous roll out of Universal Credit? No way! €17 billion to buy an extension to the Tories chaotic and incompetent Brexit negotiations? Where’s that Magic Money Tree again?! 
PM will claim her deal can settle Brexit. It won’t @InFactsOrg 
Fancy Brexit news cutting into our @GMB time to plug @StandUp2C’s #CelebrityCallCentre - Terrible! Make sure to watch it Mon 10pm C4 in protest  
Really, Sir Edward Leigh? You think this is remotely acceptable? You think this is going to be passively accepted by millions of pro-EU people in the UK - that a trick of Parliamentary procedure is going to give you your lunatic Brexit desire? You expose much rottenness here.  
‘@robbiewilliams: “I love a firm, hard Brexit.”Good for him.   
I love these informative tweets from  @Howard_Goodall A musician who’s passionately defending all of us, and pointing out the madness of Brexit. We’ve all got to be on that march @peoplesvote_uk 
Theresa May is in "a tricky situation" on Brexit but "we cannot allow cherry-picking" on trade, Luxembourg's PM says  
Truly remarkable from Theresa May she has somehow managed to turn her shambles of a #Brexit process in the biggest clusterf*** ever seen. Every time you think she can’t be anymore useless, she smashes her own record. Getting rid of her with a #GENow is the only way out. 
just waiting for the point in the Brexit talks when the BREXTRA TIME THEN PENALTIES headline I was trying to make work last night has its perfect moment 
BBC Today @BBCr4today balances the pro Brexit views of Roger Daltrey with the pro Brexit views of Michael Caine.Maybe they plan to interview pro Brexit people from every branch of the arts before they get round to the Remainers?By then it'll be too late. Brexit will be dead. 
Brexit means a bunch of sleekit wee chancers talking out their bahookies and conning the country with a bunch of lies.Please retweet if you think that folk should have a vote.#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Brexit was meant to be about restoring the power of our Parliament, wasn’t it? This will never stand! Our sovereignty must be upheld!!!!  etc.  
Why would anyone give a flying fuck what Michael Caine thinks about Brexit? He’s a multi millionaire and can afford a drop in earnings. Get a grip @BBCr4today 
An extra year in transition seems pointless but it is another year of intensive pro-EU propagandising, another year to campaign for a second referendum, another year to get Britain to "change its mind". Then there will be another, & another, & another as the EU tries to trap us.  
When I reflect on the UK and its relationship to the EU post-Brexit, I'm struck by the parallels with Turkey. Both post-imperial powers with large economies, large pro-European populations, but even larger populations fixated on former glories, exploited by populists. 
The EU who are trying to take advantage of our problems agreeing Brexit by taking a slice of our Financial Serv Market have run into trouble in the U.S and could find their Banks being banned by the Derivatives Market.Don’t be fooled that the E.U are trying to resolve Brexit.  
The multi-millionaire actor Michael Caine on Brexit: “I’d rather be a poor master of my fate than be rich and having someone I don’t know running it” @BBCr4today 
A former soldier says of Brexit that you need to “assess the risk properly. And if you’re not happy, you don’t do it. That’s sensible.”  
Isn't this interesting? Just 4,400 out of 9 million tweets sent by Russian 'bots' were about Brexit ...  
Millionaire Michael Caine who lives in Florida, says he supports Brexit because he'd rather be poor than be told what to do. #r4today #WeaponsGradeIgnorance 
For all those fed up with #Brexit dominating the news - don’t worry. In another month or so, the #NHSCrisis will take over. The chronic underfunding of the #NHS & social care has left the whole system in a desperate state. It will be much worse this year 
Two days in a row Today have had right wing celebrities on and allowed them totally uncritical interviews on  and #Brexit 
Yesterday #r4today had Roger Daltry on peddling Brexit propaganda and today it's Michael Caine. Both men are rich enough - with houses outside the UK too - to avoid the suffering Brexit will bring. 
Ken Clarke thinks the Brexit referendum was just an opinion poll. Maybe General  Elections are just opinion polls? Maybe we should outsource our governance to wise technocrats and graduates of the French École National d’Administration? Oh hang on a minute — that’d be the EU! 
So, 2 years, 3 months, 3 weeks and 3 days after the EU Referendum we’re still no further forward regarding a deal.  Simply appalling.  
Yesterday, #r4today had Brexiter Roger Daltrey on. Today they have Brexiter Michael Caine. Why are they wheeling out these rich, old buggers, who won't be impacted by Brexit in the slightest, to tell us - the people it will impact - how Brexit is going to be good for us?  
Terrific leaders in The Sun today. Very strong on Brexit.  
 NEW BREXIT SERIES VIDEO: Trade vs Tariffs  #NoDealNoProblem 
Extending the transition would obviously cost billions because it would extend full UK payments into the EU budget. It would also extend full membership of the single market and customs union with no friction in trade. You get what you pay for. #Brexit  
Baz woulda got a Brexit deal done in under 3 years, I know that much.#TactAndDiplomacy 
It would mean the UK remaining within the single market and customs union and subject to EU rules and regulations for almost three years after the official date of Brexit in March 2019, and more than five years after the referendum vote to leave the bloc  
Divide and rule: how the EU used Ireland to take control of Brexit. Spectator cover story by James Forsyth:  
Brexit transition period to last 1,000 years or until Irish border solution is found, whichever comes first 
After Theresa May's admission that Brexit could be delayed to 2022, what should the nation now do? 
‘@Nigel_Farage: May's transition extension would mean another £20 billion. “This is a betrayal of Brexit and it’s about time the Tory Party stood up and got rid of her.” 
If you live in NI and you want a #FinalSay on Brexit come to the #Rally4Remain this Saturday (Oct 20th) at Belfast City Hall at 3pm. Together we can #StopBrexit ! 
More than 100,000 protestors are set to march on Parliament Saturday, demanding a vote on final Brexit deal...and they’ll be joined by dogs! #Wooferendum: @TheDogvine 
There are so many people in our country that have felt ignored for far too long, they came out, in large numbers, and often for the very first time, to vote leave. Their cynicism towards our elite and the ballot box will only grow as our leaders kick the Brexit can down the road. 
Isn’t It obvious to the BBC & Ofcom that the chairman of this bitterly right-wing Brexit magazine cannot be a neutral BBC political interviewer? I will raise this issue in the debate on Ofcom’s neutrality in the House of Lords next week. @afneil @Ofcom pic.twitter.com/SemSN8ZR7K 
Just read Adam Tomkins piece in FT yesterday. What is most striking  is what #Brexit has done to Scottish Conservatism  - reduced it to a visceral, hard line, irreconcilable #DUP style unionism with no policies and no plans for our country save shouting ‘no surrender’ at @theSNP 
9 year old Irish child set to be deported to China. Result of 2004 citizenship referendum. Real human impact now showing. Time to revisit & repeal twenty-seventh Amendment of the Constitution Act.  
Met up again with European Parliament President @EP_President this morning with @HMcEntee. We’re discussing last night’s @EUCouncil meeting on #Brexit, ensuring a backstop for Ireland, and today’s meetings on migration and security.  
The DUP do not represent the majority in the North on Brexit. The real majority want to see the backstop protected and built upon in order to protect trade and rights - @M_AndersonSF 
Today’s poll:  If the only leave option is a NO-DEAL Brexit.  Would you then support a ‘People’s Vote’ to decide if it should happen or not? NOTE: Twitter/my following's more remain than the ref result.  So the proportion of each group's more telling than no. remain v leave. 
The silver lining.Brexit will destroy the Tory party for a generation, if not utterly. No-deal Brexit will do it quickly; any other Brexit will do it eventually.But don't get too smug, Jeremy. It will destroy Labour too if you fail to oppose it. 
Let's hand Brexit to @nigel_farage ... seriously let's put him in charge ... you can't build a nation on fibs, lies, bullcrap and raspberry pie but let's all see him try. Give him the keys to Number 10. I'll put the popcorn on. 
We want a ‘Full English Brexit’ (and we are bored to the back-teeth with all the talk about it), writes Tory MP @JGray  
Watch EU leaders arrive for a meeting on migration after their Brexit negotiations last night  
Hi @Royston_Smith,As a pro #Brexit MP in the leave constituency of #Southampton, please will you join the other 38 Conservative MPs who have already pledged to #StandUp4Brexit?It would be great to have your support. 
So Theresa May's considering extending the Brexit transition period.Utterly bleedin' hopeless!Terry Waite got released faster than we're gonna be.#IWantToBreakFree 
Prime Minister Theresa May says a possible extension of the Brexit implementation period would only last for "a matter of months" 
Lots of experts on twitter this morning who apparently could sort out those pesky Europeans/troublesome colleagues and annoying journalists in half a day. Brexit is not easy, never was and will most likely go to the wire with many dark moments on the way. #keepournerve 
BREAKING: There's an option to extend the Brexit transition period "for a matter of months" but it's not expected to be used, Theresa May says  
David Davis, JRM, Boris Johnson, or the village fucking idiot, anybody come and lead the Party before there is no Party left. The splits are catastrophic and the Brexit plan is getting not Fit for Purpose. I in 51 yrs have never seen such a Bollocks up in my lifetime appalling. 
the Today programme just interviewed someone who had never heard of "Brexit" and sometimes how I long for that sweet state of grace 
Another thing, having sided with the established elites against the people on Brexit, it is going to be formidably hard for the Tories to pivot and offer a credible programme to democratise Britain on issues such as housing and opportunity in general to fend off Corbyn. Disaster. 
Since EU referendum.Days someone said that guaranteeting #citizensrights is one of their top priorities:  846Days of legal certainty for @The3Million and @BritishInEurope so far:  0#inLimbo 
Pro-Brexit politicians who say UK voters must be held to their decision in the 2016 referendum say....that they themselves should not be held to their decisions to accept the backstop in December 2017 and March 2018 because they were "misled". 
Q to Irish Gov"Will you implement a hard border?NoQ to UK Gov"Will you implement a hard border?NoQ to EU"Will you implement a hard border?NoSo entire #Brexit is being scuppered because of a hard border that will never happen ??We are being taken for idiots.#BrexitNow 
Imagine even trying to get away with this. They really believe that we should have a choice between a terrible Brexit that can’t even unite the Tories or a no deal ‘burn the house down’ basis.  
If you are against #Brexit just be  at the march this Saturday. Fight for what you believe in..don't leave it to others to fight your battles. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
This is true. Several papers that were once stout for Brexit are now fence-sitters within the Downing Street sphere of influence, indulging Mrs May's absurd pretendathon.  
Important point "The psychodrama of recent weeks has nothing to do with Brexit being ‘undeliverable’. That the very same people saying Brexit is undeliverable have been trying to stop it being delivered for two years should make that clear enough."  
BBC where are the Pro Europeans, we pay the same licence fee but get no coverage. We should take you to court for your failure to give us a voice. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote #BBC 
Isn't life interesting; when I suggested a No-Deal Brexit would increase risks of food fraud I was accused on being part of #Projectfear. Now a top civil servant has said exactly the same thing. I can only agree with her 
When do we all start marching on Parliament to save our Brexit? Over to you Brexit parties. 
The U.K. and EU agreed the backstop in early December 2017 and legal text in March 2018. Any expressions of surprise are either backsliding (and bad faith) + political tactics/posturing by #brexit politicians. #brexitshambles 
Importent to remember in all furore over possibly extending transition that there will be no transition period at all if no #Brexit (divorce) deal agreed 
In absence of any new British proposals Commission now saying Brexit deal could be delayed until next March. But there’s no evidence that the Tories will ever be united enough for TM to be able to seal a deal. #shambolic 
Four coaches coming from Leeds. Four from Manchester. Six from Bristol. Coaches from all over the country.This is going to be magnificent.Be there - so you can tell your children's children you did your bit.#PeoplesVoteMarchSaturday 20th October, high noon for Brexit.  
It is now the day for all Tories to send in their letters if No Confidence in our PM,no more threats,stand up for the people that voted you in power and do what your Mandate says”Brexit means Brexit” 
Something is troubling me:If Gove, Johnson &Co want a second chance to vote on a backstop because they didn’t understand the consequences of their vote...... shouldn’t the rest of us have the same privilege about Brexit?#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Ex-cabinet Brexiters:"People voted to leave, they knew that meant Hard Brexit, they can't change their minds now"Also:"The December agreement we voted for - we didn't know what it meant, we must be able to go back & change our minds" 
Whatever sort of Brexit we ultimately get - if any - constitutional reform is going to become a very pressing issue with mass appeal. Most people can now see that the UK is far from being a properly functioning democracy. 
Standing by for 0805 ⁦@BBCRadioScot⁩ on the EU summit. Meantime here’s today’s ⁦@ScotNational⁩ column: “Mrs May has brought us to a Brexit that throws UK off a cliff and hopes we’ll have time to knit a parachute before we crash.”  
Imagine if #Trump was negotiating #BrexitHe would tell EU that UK has a £80bn a yr trade deficit with EUIf there were WTO tariifs, EU would be £8bn a yr WORSE off.Only way to avoid that is to have a free trade deal.Trump would then walk away & wait for the EU to come running.  
Like @JMPSimor I am starting to wonder what this is really all about...The referendum was over two years ago and it is obvious to all objective observers that Brexit is a disaster.We need an answer from Government: WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?#PeopesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote 
At the moment MSM just regard Doris as incompetent.This is far too generous an assesment.SHE IS DELIBERATELY SABOTAGING BREXIT AS I SAID SHE WOULD FROM THE OUTSET.SCREAMINGLY OBVIOUS TO EVERYONE EXCEPT MSM BOURGEOIS LONDONERS  
I know Brexit is riveting, but winter is coming & NHS and social care services simply don’t have the staff or capacity to cope with the demand. Again. & again. Safe staffing & workforce planning have always been our biggest issues & our biggest political failure. We need EU staff 
Michael Gove feels he was duped by false information over Brexit and wants to change his mind?Oh my! 
Of all things to throw your toys out of the Brexit pram about, an extension of the transition period is the weirdest. Strange folk getting stranger. 
Many of our politicians still don't get the simple point that leaving the EU in any kind of ordered way that doesn't really harm the country is phenomenally complex. They want the Ladybird book of Brexit to apply. We really have to grow up as a country.  
Theresa May "is losing the confidence of colleagues of all shades of opinion" who are "close to despair" at the state of Brexit negotiations says Tory MP @NickBoles. "There is a a fear that both the government and the EU are trying to run out the clock" #r4today 
This being Brexit. She is hopeless but she is not the problem. Brexit is the problem  
Hence every Brexit politician, be it Boris in his column, or Farage on every TV channel, or Villiers on Sky, or Dorries everywhere, reduce the argument to the sound byte “leave means leave” “will of the people” etc . 
We are watching a not very competent prime minister leading a very divided Cabinet in pursuit of a totally impossible goal. Never mind Chuck Chequers. Chuck Brexit. The parrot will not fly. Extended transition just prolongs the fantasy and the misery @peoplesvote_uk 
For those who blithely say the Irish Brexit crisis is overblown  
In 30 years' time historians will wonder why the elites feared Brexit so much  via @Telegraph 
I want stay in the EU, yet even I find the "People's Vote" campaign & it's hardcore supporters, off-puttingPatronising leave voters isn't going to win them over. Even the name "people's" is condescending...The way they've campaigned may have done more harm than good. #Brexit 
The problem is Brexit, the problem is @Nigel_Farage, the problem is @theresa_may RT if you agree. 
The Tories aren’t going to use Brexit to rebuild Britain, warns  @jeremycorbyn 
Reports suggest that May might agree to extend the Brexit negotiations for a year to give more time to secure a deal. Do you sport this? 
Another day, another summit, another Brexit humiliashambles for Theresa May. How much longer can this go on for? 
If they get the contingency planning right, no problem, says the Dept of Health. The department that has planned so exquisitely well as to allow the NHS to end up with a shortage of 42,000 nurses & 11,500 doctors. #Brexit  
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender  via @Telegraph 
#Brexit – The lie that came in from the cold  via @brexit_sham 
Theresa May and her Government will not be forgiven by the British people if Brexit is reduced to a "choreographed show of resistance followed by surrender" @BorisJohnson and @DavidDavisMP have warned#StandUp4Brexit #BinTheBackstop #ChuckChequers 
5 million people ... their immediate livelihoods and well-being sacrificed on the altar of a right wing populist coup. Because make no mistake: that is what Brexit is. And this coup won’t stop at our rights. 11/ 
The idea that the solution to the Brexit crisis is another year in limbo is like extending the gang plank into the sea hoping you might have a better idea by the end 
No, the main problem is people like you who said we could be like Norway before the referendum then afterwards said being like Norway would be treason. You campaigned for soft Brexit and now insist on hard Brexit. No mandate for that. We won't be bullied by you. #PeoplesVote. 
Today is polling day in the #VictoriaByElection, if you’re sick of being taken for granted by Labour, whether it’s bus cuts or Brexit, make yourself heard today and vote for Pippa Morgan.Time to send them a message.#VotePippa @PippaMorganLD 
BBC Brexit time has already started with Nick Boles. Disgusting and disgraceful coverage, promoting Brexit with no challenges. BBC balance is the biggest con in British history. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
It’s impossible to believe that @theresa_may & the Remainer infested @Conservatives have almost completely fucked up the global opportunities of a clear & clean #BrexitTheir incompetence is so astounding, the betrayal so complete, that only these 3 could’ve done a worse job pic.twitter.com/b4rMFgpE1R 
Any Labour MP who votes for Theresa May’s Brexit deal will be guilty of meekly propping up a busted flush government and voting for a deal that will cause untold damage to the country. It’s in the national interest to vote against her bad Brexit deal. 
May's plan to extend the Brexit transition period is just a play for time in the hope the people will want to stay in the EU this is a con by her and her government, She must go as she is a failure. 
Loved the headline in the FT - ‘US threatens EU banks over Brexit clearing plans!’ They were told unambiguously 18 months ago - Don’t mess with a system that isn’t broken! Security is an issue. LCH is at the top of its game’ prenez-garde! 
 After the EU leaders summit dinner last night, time for some impromptu beers - Merkel, Macron, Battel & Michel in Brussels’s Grand Place  - no late night panic over #Brexit then  (video via @hkresic) 
There is now a hole where the Brexit deal should be:  
And these guys that were sitting next to #Merkel & co - a cell biologist from Germany, a neuroscientist from the US, etc - so they found a soulmate in Merkel, a chemist. But when asked about #Brexit, Merkel replied: Please, it’s a wonderful evening... let’s not spoil it! #EUCO 
PM forced to extend transition becos Govt can’t agree on #backstop Remember Govt insisted it was an implementation period becos we’d have a trade deal to implement? More broken #Brexit promises. No surprise calls for @peoplesvote_uk grow March with us on Saturday #BrexitChaos 
TAKE BACK CONTROLWe voted to Leave in 2016 but could still be bound by EU rules until 2021 at the earliest. Meaning continuing free movement & another £9 billion of our money given to EU coffers but with no say over any of it. Theresa May must respect the referendum vote result.  
Brexit is like we voted for an X-Factor winner without hearing her sing. Now we have heard her sing and she's bloody AWFUL. But we all have to buy her album anyway. 
British Prime Minister Theresa May "to consider" extending UK's post-Brexit transition period, say officials  
Extending the Brexit transition period could break the deadlock, but it'd come at a high political price for Theresa May The European Parliament's president says it might last up to 3 years: 
June 2016 British people vote to LEAVE the EUNov 2018 British PM extends our relationship to 2021Nov 2018 17.4 million people vow never to vote againLabour gain power. Brexit annulled. What use have politicians if democracy is dead? Why sign the social contract? #Brexit 
DUP quote of the century: "We will thrive after Brexit. We built the Titanic!" 
Dear @theresa_may ,why are you selling us Brexiteers down the river,you have given in to The Eu at every turn,what happend to your Leave means Leave speech,you are selling out the voters who actually WON the referendum for what,?Your own Remain ideals by the looks of it 
Clinton and Nixon were impeached for lying.Shame we can't impeach @theresa_mayPM has been lying through her teeth about #Brexit for over TWO YEARS.She said #Brexit means BrexitIn reality PM is keeping us IN the EU.And she is still lying.#MayMustGo#ChuckChequers 
Facts are useful.  The Good Friday Agreement doesn't even talk about the border.  Read our #Brexit summary here:  @OwenPaterson @DominicRaab 
Roger Daltrey is a popular music icon and he is free to express his views on Brexit. But he is not free to not have his factually incorrect views on how the EU works challenged. You have 73 UK MEPs and a UK Council seat Mr Daltrey, your claim of a democratic deficit is illusory.  
Latest on Brexit from Brussels:- Theresa May spoke for 15 minutes- Some EU leaders were "left puzzled"- Irish border remains a sticking point- Michel Barnier says more time needed- Britain considers transition extension 
The problem is not #BrexitThe problem is @theresa_mayPlease sign and retweet this petition as widely as possibleLet's #ChuckChequers and back #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #PMQs @itvpeston @Arron_banks @Nigel_Farage 
If you’re confused by what’s happening on Brexit at this EU summit (that goes for you too, Theresa) I’ll hope to explain it in a second on BBC Radio London 
Dominic Raab and the Tory Brextremists are mocking democracy and insulting the British people. They have no intention of letting democracy get between them and disaster capitalist profits and a #Brexit tax haven.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
News Daily: Brexit transition 'could be extended', and baby boxes warning  
Foreign powers have been interfering  with and manipulating our democracy for the last 46 years @Anna_Soubry. Wake up and get behind #Brexit!!  
Britain could stay tied to the EU single market and customs union until at least 2021. That is a year longer than Theresa May had originally proposed. #BrexitGet the latest from @ranvir01. 
November sign-off summit shelved as Brexit talks stall  The FACT is that their "TRANSITION" means UK keeps paying £Billions to the undemocratic EU for years to come. This FACT needs getting out to ALL the voters of Britain, via the Pubs, clubs & Cafe's. 
#GawaRaslimali The women at Nyabioto village in Nyamira County are taking their labour ingenuity to new heights, literally of their own natural resources(clay for making bricks)The new referendum will explain the modalities of sharing the resources.  
I actually can't explain how much Brexit makes me fear for the future - not for me as much as for my children & their children. This is a disaster of a move and no amount of political spin or posturing is going to justify the consequences. We are flushing futures down the toilet.  
Brexit: Row erupts over Commons 'meaningful vote'  
#GME | The EU has scrapped plans to hold a special #Brexit summit in November. EU leaders agreed "not enough progress" has been achieved in talks and that it won't be possible to sign off a deal next month ... unless something changes. @bryancarternews has this report. 
Taoiseach should refuse to compromise on Brexit, voters say  
Brexit is built on a systematic attack against 3 of the fundamental pillars of democracy:- The right to oppose.- The right of the electorate to be sufficiently well-informed.- The rule of law. Please help us in the UK in our fight to restore our democracy. 
Carwyn Jones 'very troubled' by Ford Brexit warning  
"Jacob Explains Why Parliament Won't Vote Again On BrexitIf no deal is agreed with EU then we #LEAVE & trade on WTO tariffsMPs will NOT be able to stop that happening"Why aren't the media telling you this?MPs CANNOT stop us leaving if there is no deal. 
European markets seen mixed as Brexit talks rumble on  
Former Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioner Mick Gooda has warned an Indigenous voice to parliament would fail if put to a referendum now, saying there isn't enough clarity yet regarding what a  voice would look like #auspol 
‘Theresa May is BETRAYING Brexit’ - Nigel Farage says PM 'the problem' and DEMANDS change  
On #UluruStatement, Mick Gooda says referendum on Section 51(xxvi) should be priority "as soon as possible" before asking Australian public to support Voice to Parliament. Julian Leeser: "We've pretty consistently heard that Aboriginal and Torres Islander people want the Voice." 
Russian trolls pushed for Brexit on referendum day 
3 years ago Jeremy Hunt pledged to recruit 5,000 more GPs in England by 2020. Since then the number of FTE GPs has actually fallen by nearly 1,400. The NHS is clearly in crisis but @theresa_may is too busy  dilly-dallying with Brexit to recognise it.  
This perhaps the most forgotten fact about the referendum. Accepting single market as well as customs union would not be contrary to referendum result.  
United behind our European friends. Celebrating what we have in common. Shared values and beliefs. All working to towards peace and prosperity. Join us to march in London for a people's vote on the final Brexit deal with an option to remain. #TWIN4EU #twells4eu #TWellsOurVoice 
As I ponder BREXIT, the situ on our home & the reality of its impact on business & livelihoods, I’m minded:“Some people will notice the change in your attitude towards them, but won’t notice it was their own behaviour that made you change.” 
Mr. @UKenyatta continues to SUBVERT the Constitution of Kenya. He has reduced independent institutions into appendages of @JubileePartyK and made Kenya into a ONE-PARTY STATE. Fight against this; not for a referendum.     
The Parliament where money was shared in the Toilet and "vetting" of people like Wario and Muhoro is the same one proponents of constitutional change want to use to "elect' a President. From the frying pan to the fire, the devil is a Liar! #Referendum 
Brexit’s one certain outcome is uncertainty  
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioners told Parliament today they're concerned Voice to Parliament referendum needs more public understanding and support. Tom Calma: "At the moment there's no model, we don't support that proposition to go now" 
‘Theresa May is BETRAYING Brexit’ - Nigel Farage says PM 'the problem' and DEMANDS change  
"There will be no amendments to the Brexit bill."Starmer: "We'll see about that!....Jeremy? That was your cue?"Corbyn: "Nah, I'm good. Brexit all the way, baby!"Starmer: "...The membership will kill us."Corbyn: "Hey now. Wanna sing my name? Always makes me feel better!" 
Brexit: Row erupts over Commons 'meaningful vote'  
Trump has claimed a zillion times at rallies that mid-terms are all about him. "It's simple. A vote for [name of GOP cand]  is a vote 4 me."  But today Trump said he doesn't view the midterms as a referendum on him. What could've changed?  ;) 
When you voted for Brexit just for the hell of it.  
As a movement we NEED to address this. Stopping Brexit is a priority but remember the human cost. EU nationals are not an acceptable loss. Nor are bullied out Remainers. Every single person in this movement is an individual with thoughts and feelings, not lesser players. 
Imagine if #Trump was negotiating #BrexitHe would tell EU that UK has a £80bn a yr trade deficit with EUIf there were WTO tariifs, EU would be £8bn a yr WORSE off.Only way to avoid that is to have a free trade deal.Trump would then walk away & wait for the EU to come running.  
Stockpiling for a chaotic #Brexit - according to the New York Times "Brexit preppers" fear chaos in March when the UK leaves the EU and have cupboards crammed with food and medicines. Are you getting ready for a chaotic "no deal"? What would you stockpile? #BBCTheBriefing 
Jim Crow TexasJim Crow North Dakota Jim Crow Georgia Jim Crow Ohio This is a referendum on the GOP as much as it is trump. #VoteBlue #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica #VoteBlue #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica #Basta 
I remember when a republic was regarded as inevitable. But the referendum was an entire generation ago now. A bit of excitement over a babby and some bloody banana bread looks like setting it back another. Time we grew up #Republic 
May tries to keep Brexit talks alive with skeptical Europe...  
The Idaho Statesman, Idaho's largest newspaper, endorsed the Medicaid expansion referendum today. "The plan is a win for the neediest Idahoans," it wrote.  
Because the opposition leader supports the govt on brexit. And because he only appeals to those who already agree with him. People who voted blue when Lab were led by Blair or Brown are hardly likely to be won over by someone who regards them as a threat to ideological purity 
162 days until #Brexit.As explained here, in 3 simple tweets, all we have to do is keep our nerve.The default is No Deal Brexit, nothing stops that as things stand, except an acceptable deal.  
German media:After giving a 15 minute speech which offered nothing new, May had to leave the so that the EU27 could discuss what she'd said (and continue their meal) in private. The result was ... the planned Brexit summit in November has been cancelled. 
One of the USA’s top markets regulators has threatened to stop EU banks from using American futures markets if the EU fails to water down post-Brexit plans to oversee clearing houses. Many of these are in London.This should strengthen the hands of the UK in financial negotiations 
Holly was 10 years old @ the time &lives in London. She probably helped w Brexit. I think she needs a hobby. Found one (I recommend this for Bernie too—maybe they can add woodworking into the mix):  
6 November (which falls during the break in @auSenate sittings) marks the anniversary of the defeat of the Republic Referendum. @CoryBernardi moves in support of our existing constitutional monarchy arrangements  #auspol #abetterway #OTD #history #australia 
Me, after reading/watching anything about Westminster or Brexit today:  
The Volkswagen admission is relevant to the Brexit debate. Why should we submit to an EU rule book largely designed to protect declining industries when we can lead those of the future (microbiology in particular). Why allow the EU the power to set rules for these?We should do it 
If you met one on one with the Savior for a personal referendum on your discipleship RIGHT NOW and asked like the rich young man “What Lack I Yet?” What do you imagine His response would be? Mine is easy. “Empathy, empathy, empathy, because my son, you have almost none” 
Anger is rising.*But* when we get full Brexit - and I believe that day *will* come - there will be a reckoning. The ppl of this country do not forgive betrayal, + whilst we were misled in the 1970s we know a lot more now about who is working to undermine the UK. All in good time. 
Brexit deal still out of reach  
European leaders have dropped plans for a special summit to complete a Brexit deal because insufficient progress had been made in negotiations, two EU sources say  
Me: What could be stupider than Brexit?America: HOLD. MY. BEER.  
Brexit Secretary sparks anger among his Conservative Party colleagues with a letter about Brexit  
What you mean is "So all the Government has to do is hope nobody notices its deception over a "meaningful vote" and Brexit proceeds.As a former Conservative voter, never again. This will be the end of the Tory Party, and not a moment too soon. 
It is now clear that May can't do the job of delivering Brexit. Brexit should have been totally finished by March 2019 but May is unfit for office. There should have been no transition at all now May wants an even longer 1 for 3 years!   via @BIUK_Politics 
Pat Kenny showed himself tonight when Liadh Ní Riada challenged him asking was Nelson Mandela a terrorist and he pretended he considered him a freedom fighter.Very next breath he's claiming Brexit could restart the war.Better men than he saw that lot coming.#LiadhForPresident 
Oh yes, send #WentworthVotes the bloke who wouldn’t say sorry to stolen generation, sabotaged republic referendum & pandered to Pauline until preferencing her lost Coalition the 1998 Queensland election.Your back to the future we’re enduring right now. 
Mays never had any intention of leaving the EU - There's only 1 way you will get Brexit & you know what that is ? @ElContador2000 @Smileygirl19681 @imfortrump2020 @Karenco30 @Kalimeralynn @MRGBurns3 @ultimateOne @SueWhitaker11 @Lin46222208 @TeddyUKIPClark 
This. Stop Brexit before it’s too late, you incompetent arseholes.  
For the people leading it, #Brexit is about ripping up employment and environmental regulations and evading tax; for many followers, it's about seeing fewer foreigners. The former are misleading the latter to enrich themselves further. That's basically it. 
#NotADoneDealAfter 2yrs of this shambolic fiasco, it’s time to stop. Join us on Saturday:Tell them you want a #PeoplesVoteTell them #BrexitShambles will cripple usTell them the UK’s mind has changed now we know moreTell them it’s time to #StopBrexitDon’t Brexit; FIX IT!  
The problem is Brexit. You put an insane and unworkable proposition before any nation and you will see similar chaos. Without Brexit we still have some problems, with it we have nothing but problems. 
@TulipSiddiq - as my MP I’m urging you to be heard in Parliament and demand a #peoplesvote on #Brexit as @JasonJHunter eloquently explains why here:  via @YouTube 
George was on-stage with Ruth Davidson (and at other times Tomkins and Goldie) in the independence referendum telling Scotland we were all Better Together under David Cameron. All his anti-Tory, I'm a socialist man of the people rhetoric should be evaluated on that basis.  
This is the calibre of #Brexit leaders - Gove & others were perfectly happy to sign up for a "meaningless" backstop intended to dupe the EU27...and are now complaining because it duped them instead.How can anyone follow these people? A toxic cocktail of duplicity & stupidity  
Uk Wants to trade with the world. But not a indy alba. FYI there is no UK single market. Brexit is the death of the Union and list msps like you made it happen.  
“The real safeguard to democracy is education.” I was proud to stand up in the Legislature to declare my opposition to Bill 40 – Election Reform Referendum 2018 Amendment Act. #VoteNoPR #PropRep @BCLiberalCaucus @PeterMilobar 
Don’t forget: there was no reason for a referendum on EU membership, no problem, everything was fine. Except for Cameron trying to shut up the hyenas in his Party. So this unspeakable mess of an effort to turn the UK into a cesspit is as pointless as it is stupid. #PeoplesVote 
The proposed year-long extension to the transition period will see us pay an additional £20b to the EU and take us right up until the next general election, which the Conservatives will surely lose if they continue along this path of appeasement.Voters will not forget! #Brexit  
If Brexit happens it's the only thing the government will be dealing with for 30yrs. If Brexit takes 5 years, how long will negotiating 10, 15, 20 deals to replace EU trade? We'll be dealing with the political chaos til I'm 50!Layla's right! MAKE IT STOP! 
Shamefully Britain is no longer a democratic country. It’s state broadcaster the BBC  has been busy today criticising regimes around the world but silence about the truth at home. Brexit must be stopped for the sake of decent people. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
.@BorisJohnson ⁦⁦@DavidDavisMP⁩ ⁦@Jacob_Rees_Mogg⁩ IDS ⁦@OwenPaterson⁩ ⁦@patel4witham⁩ tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for #Brexit surrender 
You ever wonder "What if I accidentally voted for Brexit in 2016? What if I was responsible for the last 2 years of utter chaos, national humiliation and economic dangers"? Scares the hell out of me.Now imagine how hard it must be for people who voted Brexit to accept that... 
Government warning that MPs cannot amend Brexit deal after vote. “Unacceptable”. Expect a fight on this.  
Proof I did not mishear... Farage now promising cheaper *bras* under his dream Brexit. With 164 days to go, new unicorn in lingerie department!  
Dominic Raab and the Tory Brextremists are mocking democracy and insulting the British people. They will trample all over democracy in their frenzied lust for disaster capitalist profits and a #brexit tax haven. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
"The President can couch his language about the midterms however he chooses to do so. But the reality, and many administration officials acknowledge this, is election is going to be a referendum on President Trump."- @costareports w/ @NicolleDWallace 
bark has non-trivial calorie content for when Brexit kicks in so this may prove important.  
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender  via @Telegraph 
I'll take no lectures from a man who is so determined to get his own way he doesn't care how many laws are broken, what sort of dirty tricks are used or even if foreign agents interfered, & certainly not one who continues to back #Brexit despite all the loss it has already cost. 
Teresa May is returning to Brussels tomorrow.  she is very confident that she will clinch the Brexit deal over a cup of tea and ......  
President @QuimTorraiPla: "2.3 million people voted on #1O referendum last year. Something new started in Catalonia that has no reverse. We made a referendum thanks to the commitment of the people, our Government and the political leaders. Today, 9 are in jail and 7 in exile”. 
If you insist on being so tedious: YouGov - co-founded & co-owned by a #Brexit-bonking MP - has been running a tracker for years. Oldest, respected, consistent. Shows a clear shift to #Remain, especially amongst women.We're not too proud to admit it when we make a mistake. 
Brexit can’t be delivered. This brexit wasn’t the people’s choice. The politicians who sold this pig in a poke will have to be held accountable.  
Funny how Farage and friends never mention *this* government paper, on alternatives to EU membership (required by the Referendum Act), which points out that some non-EU countries have a customs union with the EU or single market participation:  
Brexit Must Move Forward   
All we ask is that existing commitments made by the UK government, in relation to NI and the backstop, are fulfilled. No more, no less #IrishBackstop #Brexit  
The richest countries in the world just told Britain to reverse Brexit or destroy the economy  
After a long day, #EUCO, #Brexit & #PKdebate it’s time to go home. First engagement is at 0730 in the morning. Yay! But @LiadhNiRiadaMEP was phenomenal tonight so we’re smiling. #UpTheRepublic 
As a college educated woman, I can firmly state that I will in fact not be voting Republican. BTW, when the Republicans lose the House and maybe the Senate, it will be a referendum on you. #VoteBlueToSaveAmericanDemocracy 
Option 1) 48 Tory MPs put in letters to the 1922 committee. Option 2) Jeremy Corbyn. Choose wisely #Brexit  
We live in uncertain times with #Brexit on the horizon, we need a President with experience and drive to get us through these challenges. @MichaelDHiggins showed us tonight why we need someone with the understanding of the role as our President. #PKDebate #Áras18 
“We have literally months to go before leaving EU & we’re watching the Tory party tearing each other apart on live TV”. @lisanandy on @Peston, as James Cleverly & Andrea Jenkyns squabble & talk utter drivel at each other about how to do Brexit right. The state of our politics. 
Oh dear. @Nigel_Farage evidently gets very angry when confronted with his dishonestly promising people Norway or Switzerland and his subsequent switch-and-bait for Hard #Brexit. “They’re tiddly little countries.”  
There's a difference between the EU & the UK #Brexit negotiating positions:The EU are negotiating in accordance with clear rules.The UK are negotiating a wish list.Unless/until the wish list accords with the rules...There neither can be nor will be any deal.   
Please everyone, do not put this evidence of UK being #RemainerNow on the timelines of any brexit groups like Leave EU of brexit central or of Rees Mogg or Boris Johnson.  
Robbie Williams: "I love a firm, hard Brexit"Listen live ► @JoshRomOfficial | @RobbieWilliams 
The problem is the Mythical Brexit, the All Things To All People Brexit, the Brexit of Norway, Switzerland, the Exact Same Benefits Brexit, the No Cost Brexit, the Easy FTAs Brexit, the NHS Brexit, the Easy to Deliver Brexit, the Sunny Uplands Brexit... 
"It's not just some knee jerk reaction to Trump himself, it is a wholesale rejection of the vision" of the Republican Party@dorianwarren on whether midterms are a referendum on Trump:  
Political cooperation between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is literally part of the Good Friday Agreement. The political dis-union created by Brexit will be the cause of the violence. Not the EU. Take some responsibility for your vote. 
Feeling totally confused.  Just seen a BBC interview with @ChukaUmunna from only last year where he says he doesn't support a 2nd referendum. MP's need to take responsibility he says, that's what Parliament is for he says. Now he campaigns for a 2nd referendum... 
The problem is not Brexit. The problem is a police force that seems to have parked an investigation. The problem is the PM’s political secretary is responsible & compromised. The problem is a serving minister who oversaw electoral fraud 
Precisely. Democracy didn't end in 2016. Much of what was promised by Brexiteers, were simply lies.. Enough is enough. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
MPs knew Brexit would harm the UK. They could have said from day 1: "We will negotiate the best deal we can and then let the People vote to approve/reject it".So if Brexit happens and they act like they had no choice... Accept no excuses. Offer no forgiveness.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
People who’s fault it is that Brexit’s not been delivered:1)Theresa May2) Remoaners3) EU Parliament 4) The Irish5) Larry the No10 Cat6) Barnier7) Juncker8) All 27 EU countries9) The Guardian10) Entire British Civil ServicePeople who’s fault it is not:1) Nigel Farage 
Boris didn’t pick up his attitudes off the ground. To people like Stanley and Boris, we’re all Micks, or Paddies - whether we’re Protestant, or Catholic, or Dissenter; Unionist, or Nationalist #brexit  
PK let a mask slip when asked about Mandela. Pause before answering v telling. Snappy comment about brexit and IRA actually not acceptable for a moderator imo Anyone feel he doesn’t like @LiadhNiRiadaMEP ? And skipping over Joan Freeman?#PKDEBATE 
To try to prevent our sovereign Parliament rejecting a botched, blindfold or no-deal #brexit would be scandalous & spark the worst constitutional crisis in modern British history. #PeoplesVote 
It seems she thinks it's more important to "implement the referendum result" than do what's right for the British economy. This is the mind-numbing destructiveness of Brexit. This lunacy must be defeated. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Mate, Brexit has 3 options:Scrap the Good Friday Agreement by having substandard US beef in Northern Ireland, forcing the EU to check lorries at the borderCut Northern Ireland out of the UKOr have the whole of the UK in the Single MarketPICK ONE! 
Labour's @johnmcdonnellMP says the #Brexit negotiations are a farce and reveals a nickname for @DominicRaab "Raab C. Brexit"  
John McDonnell incredibly impressive on  talking about brexit...shows by comparison what a shambles May and the Tories are 
Taoiseach showed today’s @IrishTimes front page to EU leaders at summit dinner tonight to make point about #Brexit risks to N Ireland peace process & how issue of peace was much bigger than trade -  Tonight’s story from Brussels:  
The problem is not Brexit, the problem is @Theresa_May.RT if you agree. 
Nonsense, Alastair. Ollie Robbins is clearly leading Theresa May by the nose. He is effectively in charge of the EU negotiations, and he is clearly determined to stifle Brexit.  
This is simply unacceptable and ignores the recommendation of the Brexit Select Committee that Parliament must be able, if it chooses, to amend the Government’s motion on any Withdrawal Agreement.  
Top respect to our fabulous @StandUp4Brexit supporter @andreajenkyns for constantly standing up for Brexit and the British people. It's a shame more politicians aren't like you!  #StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
"That referendum" barks Nigel Farage like a broken record.Do you mean, Mr Farage, that referendum which was corrupted by Russian influence, driven by lies on the side of a bus, funded by shady figures underpinned by dodgy figures?That referendum?  #newsnight 
More like May wants an extension to the transition period so she can indulge in her favourite pastime - kicking the Brexit can down the road again and againNow, more than ever, we need those 48 letters to be submitted to Mr BradyTM's Premiership has run out of steam and ideas  
“So, let's take this English problem by the horns, and give it an Irish solution — once and for all. An all-Ireland referendum on independence from Britain.” #UnityRef 
We voted for a Brexit that leaves us bound by EU rules we no longer control.We voted for a Brexit that the entire medical community says harms the NHS.We voted for a Brexit that dominates all of UK politics so the things we really need to change are forgotten.#PeoplesVoteMarch 
"The problem isn't Brexit. The problem is the prime minister," says Nigel Farage from the Brussels summit#newsnight |  @Nigel_Farage 
.@andreajenkyns tells @Peston that any plan to extend the #Brexit transition is ridiculous and that if the PM can't negotiate then we need to find someone else  
FFS now a possible 3 yr transition, more time wasted on Brexit rather than on tackling issues of housing, NHS, education, climate change etc. Plus have to keep seeing Nigel Farage on my telly #Newsnight 
I like Joan Freeman but I think she messed up by being touchy re Gavin Duffy making a valid point about an unfair attack on her referendum decision. He was simply being fair and generous and a more gracious response would have been better.  #PKDebate 
So you accept that the majority no longer support Brexit? I assume,as you constantly bang on about democracy,you will comprehend that means it’s no longer the will of the people and should be overturned.  
On Saturday 4 coaches will be leaving Shrewsbury, taking people that care about our country’s future to the #PeoplesVoteMarch in London.Brexit is not just an event that will pass without impacting our lives. The government is failing, the opposition is impotent. We need to act! 
less than 30% of macedonians and less than 40% of albanians in mk voted in favor at the referendum.on total less than 1/3 of citizens did. You do not have legitimacy to push for constitutional changes! 
John Major, in his latest rant against the Brexit vote, has exposed just how much the elite Remainer set loathes the public:  
Given the news regarding Brexit & another 12 month transition,would you be happy with this ? 
“Brexit may bring them (IRA) back.” That’s an outrageous comment from Pat Kenny who then snapped at @LiadhNiRiadaMEP telling her not to joke when she wasn’t. Pat didn’t like being put on the spot about Mandela & bit back like a petulant child. #PKDebate #Áras18 #LiadhForPresident 
“Brexit may bring it [the IRA] back so don’t joke about that” Pat Kenny.What a horrific and stupid thing to say #aras18 #PKdebate 
Brexit Special Watch Peston live now on Twitter with @johnmcdonnellMP, @HMcEntee, @Nigel_Farage, @JamesCleverly, @andreajenkyns and @lisanandy. RT and use  to join the conversation.  
Nigel Farage denied entry to EU council building ahead of Brexit talks. He's got exactly what he voted for.   
Y’all ready for the shitstorm/ storm of shit Brexit is really about? Y’all did vote to eat dog dick burgers for ever didn’t ye? Liam Fox loves them. Boris won’t have anything but.  
An interesting tweet by Tory MEP @CharlesTannock regarding the destructive and terrifying global ambitions of our own Brextremists. It is very clear that for them #Brexit is just the first step in creating a new world order.#PeoplesVote 
7: the years(since the last run) that Sean Gallagher has spent not trying to be a representative. Did he miss much?2012: Children’s ref2013: PLDPA2014: Local Elections2015: Marriage Equality2016: General Elections2017: Housing/Brexit etc2018: Repeal the 8th#PKDebate 
Read the Brexit news. Then put yourself behind the desk of a CEO or MD trying to decide whether to invest in the UK or elsewhere, whether to say yes to the next bit of a contingency plan, whether to take a risk and grow or hold back and wait. 
Thursday’s Guardian: "Brexit deadlock as May ‘offers no new ideas’ at EU summit" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews) 
Daughter: Dad, what's Brexit?Dad: Erm... A bit like this  
Thursday’s Daily Mail: "Another Year In Brexit Limbo?” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews) 
I am increasingly worried that TDs don't realise that women's rights were given a certain content in public political engagement during the referendum and think that women's constitutional personhood is theirs for the shaping - into whatever stunted form they like.  
Dear Conservative MPs - thanks for reducing our country to powerlessness as we don't even get a summit in November or parliamentary control over Brexit. When the supermarket shelves empty well all be thinking of you. 
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people will ‘never forgive us’ if Brexit is reduced to a ‘choreographed show of resistance followed by surrender’ 
Given Govt claims restoring‘control of our laws’ to Parliament is a red line #Brexit priority, MPs won’t put up with an underhand attempt to block the #MeaningfulVote they repeatedly promised on the final deal. 
We cannot find the money to fund our front line police properly. We cannot find the £2b for the vulnerable on UC, but we can mysteriously find billions to bung to the EU for the unnecessary extra year Clegg and Blair asked Barnier for to waylay Brexit?? This is serious. 
Where are you @BorisJohnson ..@Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP ..we are being sold down the river, why are you all silent? Trust me, the Conservative party are toast if you allow @theresa_may  to betray #Brexit now !!!#ChuckMay #ChuckChequers #BREXITBetrayal #Brexit 
This continent of ours has seen some shit over the past few hundred years or so. A nice period of relative calm and prosperity and the crazies appear again to F it all up. Give Europe a chance. Give the UK a #peoplesvote #fbpe #brexit 
The richest countries in the world just told Britain to reverse Brexit or destroy the economy  
May is now striving to keep UK indefinitely inside the same Customs Union which, only a few weeks ago, she insisted that staying in would be "betraying the Referendum".Staying in a customs union is not an option.via @LiamHalligan 
Eurosceptics have reacted with fury to Theresa May's willingness to consider a 12 MONTHS extension of the Brexit transition period, pointing out that it would cost between £6 BILLION and £14 BILLION in extra payments to the EU - on TOP OF the £39bn offered 
'We will make a success of it''No deal #Brexit looks increasingly likely'Not going so well is it Mrs May @theresa_may?Get yourself off the hook, why not give the people a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain? 
Do you know why Theresa May can't make a deal with the EU? It's because we have the best deal of any nation on Earth with the EU already. No Brexit deal can come close. Anything else is failure by comparison. She knows that. They know that. 
I have a customer who is vehemently anti Brexit but has never attended a march and won’t be going Saturday. British apathy at its best, sit back and let others deliver the result they want. If we want to stop Brexit, we need to stand up and be counted. 
Forgive my possible ignorance, but what does a 3 year #Brexit transition period solve that a 21 month transition doesn’t?It just kicks the can down the road a bit further. But other than that...? 
Theresa May said nothing 'substantially new' in Brexit address to EU leaders at Brussels summit. One year extra for transition! She is a failure, a disgrace to Democracy !  
How many Brexiters offered their viewpoint after my invites both public and private all week? None. The space in  @impartialrep is there - yet some continue to snipe from the sidelines about media. Invitation to talk Brexit still stands. And that includes you too, @DUPleader! 
Great work from @DerekMackaySNP and the @scotgoveconomy team. While the #Brexit extremists in the UK Tory Government want to pull up the drawbridge; @theSNP Government will continue to be outward looking and ambitious for Scotland. #ScotlandIsNow 
"The positive impact on growth would be significant, influential thinktank says of reversing #Brexit - as it forecasts £40bn cost of ploughing on" 
After a career of undermining his own government's he finally gets to do Brexit and he's clueless 
Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people 'will not forgive us' for Brexit surrender 
Theresa May open to extending Brexit transition period by a year as she asks EU for 'creative' ideas 
Weekly reminder @nytimes is a terrible newspaper that doesn't like Britain. Today, front page on Brits stockpiling for Brexit based on one hoarder, and 1200 Remain fanatics on Facebook.  
Everything about brexit from the way the referendum result was obtained to the lies of the ministers supposed to be delivering it to the current mess has been an unmitigated embarrassment to this country and a dereliction of responsibility to those who will have to live here 
Theresa May reportedly ready to “consider a one year extension to the transition period”, and the planned summit in November not now happening. As I have said, Brexit is being delayed and impeded so it can be overturned. It is either deliberate or May really doesn’t have a clue. 
I think I am officially at the angry stage about Brexit. And that means you Scottish unionists. You're just as much to blame as every Brexiteer. 
Andrea Leadsom compulsively tells lies, she is not fit to have any position of power over our lives. How have we let this happen ? She doesn’t believe in Brexit but it’s the only thing that gives her power. She is a disgrace. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
EU leaders decide to shelve plans for Brexit summit in November until ‘decisive progress’ is made  
How much longer do we have to stand May's undemocratic EU pandering?An extended transition period? Until when? 'till her incompetency costs us a GE and Corbyn comes in to halt Brexit all together? 
Nadine Dorries is first Tory to call for Theresa May to resign and make way for someone more competent. But wasn't it Nadine who had to ask fellow MPs what a customs union was? #Brexit 
Has a country ever been more consistently and roundly humiliated than the UK is over #Brexit? - and every single moment has been self-inflicted by the absolute arseholes in charge of it, and the liars and frauds who misled the voters. 
Brexit: UK 'may consider longer transition period'  
Rick Scott has made his election a referendum on marijuana. @FLGovScott has ignored the WILL of the people! Vote NO on @ScottforFlorida!I am voting for @SenBillNelson, he is #ForThePeople 
Trump says the UK must abandon "unjustified" food standards before a post-Brexit trade deal can be agreed, at a lower standard that the EU currently forbids:•Chlorine-washed chicken•Hormone-injected beef•Food containing maggots, rat-hair, and mould 
"The @nytimes doesn’t like Brexit, because it gives two fingers to the neoliberal narrative. Fair enough. But the job of the Times’ London reporter is to report the truth, not to invent fantasies that pander to his editors and readers." By @DrDominicGreen 
Poll: Uk membership referendum. How would you vote if you have new referendum? Vote and retweet for a big sample #PeoplesVotepetition #LeaveMeansLeave 
My inside information from #EUCO #EuropeanCouncil tonight on #Brexit is that Theresa May said exactly what she did in Salzburg (“but more nicely”) - and deadlocked reigns. November summit likely to be cancelled. Can kicked down road to December. And then...? 
Guardian front page, Thursday 18 October 2018: Brexit deadlock as May ‘offers no new ideas’ at EU summit  
Is this really the best you've got? The same David Davis who got nowhere in his two years in charge of Brexit negotiations is who you pick to "negotiate get on with it and deliver"? Enough with the Brexit charlatans, we need a #PeoplesVote. 
Bad news and good for May from the EU27, whose Brexit dinner has just finished. “Not enough progress has been achieved” for a special summit in November, but talks should go on, and they will call one the moment Barnier declares there has been. No10 will take that. #EUCO 
EU officials say European Union leaders have dropped plans for a Brexit summit in November because not enough progress has been made 
Please sign and share this petition. #Birmingham will be hit hard by any kind of Brexit, the least we deserve is a say in the matter.@bhamgovBirmingham City Council to support a Peoples Vote with an option to remain...  via @UKChange 
And how many were attributed to brexit? @DamianCollins ? What’s that you say - JUST 4000 -  let’s just hope when we go to court to get the @CommonsCMS FOI requests your collusion and political witch hunt isn’t exposed hey. #whislteblower @Arron_banks  
The SNP oppose a hard border between Ireland and the six counties. But if an independent Scotland joined the EU there would have to be a hard border between #Brexit Britain and EU Scotland. Go figure... 
We had a referendum. Democracy matters. Trashing it is nuts. 
All this Brexit mess is a negotiation to make the UK poorer, weaker, unimportant, marginal. And simultaneously trashing the rule of law, constitutional safeguards, rights, & democracy itself. - Enough. 
Brits increasingly believe voting for #Brexit was wrong in hindsight, polls show  
If Theresa May is asking for a longer transition period, she is stalling. It’s time to stand aside and let someone who can negotiate get on with it and deliver. I fully support DD as an interim leader. I’ve done my bit. It’s time for my colleagues to do theirs. #Brexit 
That post-dinner confirmation of the Brexit impasse in full  
In 30 years' time historians will wonder why the elites feared Brexit so much:  
Reading these (mostly) Labour members clutching their pearls over George Galloway's tweet about the SNP... Where was your pearl clutching when 184 Labour MPs abstained on the Welfare Bill? We are expected to clean up the Brexit mess now, where was your outrage on 20th July 2015? 
The government have finally revealed their Brexit negotiation strategy.  
Former Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP has demanded a “new start” in the Brexit negotiations and asked Theresa May to #ChuckChequers He added “I’m delighted to back the #StandUp4Brexit campaign along with so many of my colleagues in the House of Commons” 
EXCLUSIVE: Boris Johnson and David Davis tell Theresa May the British people will ‘never forgive us’ if Brexit is reduced to a ‘choreographed show of resistance followed by surrender’ 
Brexit latest  
I wouldn’t marry for money but I would 100% marry for post-Brexit EU citizenship 
Lithuania owes its very existence (at least in part) to a British PM (Thatcher), now trolling us over brexit...UK troops are deployed in E.Europe as message to Moscow, sometimes wonder why we bother. 
Final Say: Steve Coogan calls on public to join mass march through London on Saturday for a People's Vote on Brexit - The Independent  
Just to say, I was in a room full of business people this afternoon when the low wattage Brexiteer Owen Paterson said "Ask any business, they say five words - Just get on with it". One businessman replied: "'We are fucking shitting ourselves' would be better.#Brexit #NoDeal 
In 1819 between 60,000 & 100,000 peaceful protesters gathered in Manchester to demand the vote. They were accused of being "traitors" & many were massacred by armed troops.On Saturday, even more will be marching in London to demand a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal.#Peterloo 
Tory hardliners have been dealt a blow after a senior US Treasury department official warned that a hard Brexit could hurt global financial stability  
NEW: EU Source: “not enough progress”... “For now EU27 is not planning to organise an extraordinary summit on Brexit in November” 
The Art. 50 #EUCO on Brexit has finished. Tomorrow EUCO reconvenes as EU28 at 9h30. 
Tomorrow! In Guilford, Surrey!I'll be speaking alongside:Femi Olumole (@Femi_Sorry)Louise Irvine (@drmarielouise)Will Hutton (@williamnhutton)...on how to ditch the dead-weight of Brexit and build a brighter future for Britain.  
It must be due to the crashing business confidence caused by Brexit  
Theresa May returns from Brussels with a succinct description of her plan of how the UK will look after a 3 year transition, 5 year backstop and full acceptance of all EU laws for the next 100 years.No deal increasingly looking like the best deal#Brexit #BRINO #StandUp4Brexit 
How tiny Moldova is blocking the UKs post-Brexit entry to the WTOs Government Procurement Agreement because ⁦@ukhomeoffice⁩ denied their trade negotiators a visa last year and now they hold a grudge. Another victory for the Hostile Environment policy 
Interesting fact. The film Avatar is set in 2154, or the 135th year of the Brexit transition period. 
The impact of Brexit will depend on the "brutality" of the split but will be worse for Britain, IMF's Christine Lagarde tells Bloomberg  
Deal, or no deal, that is the question. The @Europarl_EN will not approve Brexit agreement without resolving these 3 key points.defend the rights of EU citizens living in the UK honouring existing financial commitments the backstop for Ireland  
Brexit is a lot like being very slowly run over by a steamroller. We could just get up and escape this calamity, but here we lie, waiting for annihilation.The painfully glacial approach of avoidable doom is exhausting. 
What @daraobriain said... #brexit  
If the PM extends the transition period, then Labour will win the next general election and we will never leave the EU. This cannot be allowed to happen! #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
“Trump: UK must dump 'unjustified' food standards for Brexit trade deal.” Remind us, when did we vote for this guy to dictate our food policy?  
Stopped on a Eurotunnel train this evening. A clear message for the Brexitears. Exit Brexit.  
As a nation we've let our Brexit negotiators down. No matter what our politics we no longer have the spirit and patriotism to stand together. Too many here now who have no feelings for loyalty, guts or our culture. Too many are just out for themselves. Is the British lion dead? 
Breaking. It appears that May has suggested to the EU tonight that she "might" accept extending the "transition" period to 2022. So a real Brexit put off for 6 years. Utter traitor. 
Nigel Farage denied entry to EU council building ahead of Brexit talks  @Andrew_Adonis @BrexitBin @campbellclaret @dontbrexitfixit @dontbrexitfixit @thesilverfox971 @acgrayling @MarieAnnUK @Haggis_UK @CharlesTannock @RCorbettMEP @peoplesvote_uk @julie4nw 
Living 2 miles from the Derry/Donegal border, the implications of Brexit for Ireland are *very* real and a serious threat to our daily lives here.That’s why I’ll be travelling to London to support #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday to call for a #PeoplesVote. 
There will be a #RemainerNow banner at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday. This will be for leave voters that are calling for a #FinalSay & want as many as possible to sign the #PeoplesVotePetitionBrexit reality is not what they ordered!! 
(1) Ireland is not in the "British Isles" (2) Ireland is not leaving the EU (3) Ireland did not create this mess (4) Ireland is a sovereign and independent nation-state (5) Ireland can easily fix your Brexit dilemma - give us back our north-eastern Six Counties  
Given the train crash that Universal Credit has become this is disgraceful by the DUP. The interests of the poor are ignored and evidence concealed while stirring up fears over Brexit.  
'Brexit' is a Dead ParrotWe need a People's vote on the brexit deal  #FinalSayWithTheOptionToStay#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVoteBanners #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
A while back, I followed the advice I'd often seen on Remain twitter: you'll start your day better listening to BBC World Service instead of R4 Today. It works. Briefer unbiased Brexit news. Reporter said today, "Not much progress made cos UK govt still negotiating with itself"! 
In 30 years' time historians will wonder why the elites feared Brexit so much. By @AllisterHeath 
|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|WHAT DO WE WANT?BREXITWHEN DO WE WANT IT?NOWBREXIT MEANS BREXIT |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|                 \ (•◡•) /                   \      /                      ---                    |   | 
Main Brexit takeaway from today's #euco: May accepts need to extend transition period (a need that has been flamingly obvious for ages) 
Brexit is a total shambles but if it leads to an independent Scotland or brings a United Ireland closer well then maybe some good might come of it. 
We don’t want your money.We don’t want your jobs.We don’t want payback.We want you back.Zojuist mocht ik spreken ik in de House of Commons over #Brexit.Thank you @vincecable and @Andrew_Adonis!  
‘This march is personal’ - The young activist who felt the effects of racism since Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch #FinalSay 
On Saturday I'll be flying in from Italy and marching to demand a #peoplesvote on Brexit. If you have no plans then why not join me!!!! 
Theresa May running Brexit is akin to Hillary Clinton running the White House after losing the US election. Total b***ocks. 
Brexit withdrawal deal will not be subject to amendments, says May.Unbelievable! Dictator May is at it again.Starmer not letting her get away with it. Neither will parliament. 
Apparently media folks are getting a sneak peek at Benedict’s #Brexit drama at industry event Mipcom this week -  
Senior EU source says unlikely a date will be set for a November Brexit summit. "There won’t be any date set, it will depend on how progress [in the negotiations] is going." 
No breakthrough on Brexit tonight, but:1. Antonio Tajani said May expressed a willingness to consider extending the transition phase.2. One official said May accepted earlier this eve that the NI backstop, as agreed in Dec as an insurance policy, cannot have a time limit. 
Thursday’s FINANCIAL TIMES:  “US threatens EU banks with ban over Brexit clearing plans” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Funny how it wasn’t Labour who lost The AAA credit rating & quadrupled the national debt.Funny how Labour didn’t stage an EU Referendum that has led to a run on the pound and major businesses fleeing to the continent in droves.All that is under the Tories.Own your failure.  
We're delighted to announce that @DavidDavisMP has pledged to #StandUp4Brexit Thank you so much for you support, David, and for continuing to push for the Brexit that the British people voted for.#ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
How Tiny Moldova’s Brexit Grudge Could Cost the U.K. $1.7 Trillion 
Asked for a Brexit solution on the border, Labour's John McDonnell says he longs "for a united Ireland"  
No matter HOW you voted, it’s OBJECTIVE truth that Digital Interference took place in #Brexit. How do I know this? It’s my job to research digital interference in domestic affairs. This act broke Art 42 of the Vienna Convention of Diplomatic Relations. This is not #FakeNews. 
Wage growth is now 3.1%, inflation 2.5%, unemployment 4%, job vacancies at a record high. All this despite Brexit of course. 
This ... #brexit #tories #stopb 
TM pretending to negotiate a clean Brexit is the biggest political deception since Chamberlain came back and said ‘peace for our time’.  
At the end of the day, if @jeremycorbyn was even remotely against brexit then he would attend the #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday, if not just for the massive support he would gain from remainers for himself and his party. But he wont, because he is that much against opposing it. 
Brexit isn't a disaster. Negotiations to exit the EU are. The May-led Tories are running negotiations and the UK cannot plan with a barrage of uncertainty. I suggest everyone plans for a clean WTO Brexit. And let us thrive on trusted, world-recognised rules thereafter. Let's go! 
Germany and France are ramping up preparations for a chaotic 'no-deal' Brexit  
We have 2 million youth ready to march for @@atiku and Peter Obi - Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Worldwide  We are making progress, no more  operation "no referendum, no election"I knew it was not always really about Biafra. I am pleased we all now agree 
 The blame game begins. Predictably, it’s aimed at EU. In reality it’s due to: No plan: Tories having no Brexit plan before/during/after #EUref. Party before country: Tories creating red lines, that are unacceptable to the EU, in an attempt to ease internal division. 
Absolutely - I am totally opposed to any extension of implementation period - which is bad enough anyway. People want Brexit done. Potential trigger for leadership election  
Steve Coogan calls on people to join mass march for new Brexit referendum to dodge 'looming disaster'  
PM @Theresa_May has started her visit to Brussels for #EUCouncil with meetings with @JunckerEU and @DonaldTusk to discuss the Brexit negotiations.  
Extensive reporting on the potentially negative impact of Brexit boosts support for EU membership in Sweden  
The Scottish people deserve a referendum on independence after Brexit. The terms on which they voted to stay in the United Kingdom have changed. They did not vote to leave the EU. 
As expected, Ministers just can’t resist trying to wriggle out of their promise of a ‘meaningful’ Brexit vote - MPs must reject any attempt to rig the process to prevent #PeoplesVote amendment from being decided  
The collapse of empire often doesn't end at the borders of the former imperial power, but crosses those borders to wreck that state from the inside. That is what is now happening to the UK. The state is torn apart by a failure to adjust to post-imperial life. #StopBrexit #brexit 
If May has indeed offered to extend the transition by a year, and that's accepted by the EU, Brexit will have effectively taken 5 and half years. 
I’m coming to the #PeoplesVoteMarch from Brussels. As one of the 1.2mn Brits in Europe I know Brexit will damage all our futures. But I also want younger generations to keep free movement & the right to live, work & love in 27 other countries #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
If we're taking back control, shouldn't we insist US adopts our high standards?  We won't, of course, because Brexit isn't about sovereignty, it's about getting rid of our regulations so the rich can richer through dodgy deals. #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May’s Kamikaze Brexit — Whatever the outcome, hard Brexiteers will blame everyone except themselves 
This is nothing less than a blatant attempt to rig the way Parliamentary democracy operates in this country - the Government is attempting to thwart the House of Commons as it seeks to do its job on Brexit. It stinks.  
I understand @theresa_may is prepared to agree to another year of Brexit transition (membership of EU stripped of voting rights) to 31 Dec 2021 so long as EU abandons "unacceptable" NI-only backstop of customs and single-market membership. So would Tory Brexiters buy that... 
Loved this Pod where @DavidLammy explains Brexit, the ties between Trump and the UK/European far right, and what progressives everywhere need to do to fight back:  
Theresa May TOO WEAK to deliver Brexit deal, warns Lithuanian president  
Brexit means... that even Germans can now make (pretty good) fun of Britain. Go straight to 4:06.  
Rumours circulating on social media that Nicola Sturgeon and Theresa May are doing a secret deal behind closed doors which will give SNP another chance for Scottish referendum. If true then this is threat to our democracy, Scotland has already had a referendum and Nicola lost. 
European Parliament President Antonio Tajani says Prime Minister Theresa May made no significant "new" proposals to unblock Brexit negotiations when she briefed fellow EU leaders 
Insanely stupid self-harm. People in other countries are shaking their heads in pity and derision at Britain's folly. Time to take back control with a #PeoplesVote and to start restoring respect by stopping #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
“Chlorine-washed chicken, hormone-injected beef and food containing maggots, rat-hair and mould are just some of the imports post-#Brexit Britain could receive from the US.”Trump tells May to abandon 'unjustified' food standards for #Brexit trade deal  
We can’t have a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit, says @Theresa_May Share this 8-min video so the world knows #Britain has a PM who doesn’t believe in #democracy and to show we have MPs from the 3 main UK parties who are trying hard to give us a meaningful say Link  
Full house ! The things you do whilst waiting for the train .... il have enough soon to make a bollocks to brexit  
Southern Ireland have been banging the EU drum and standing “shoulder to shoulder” with their 26 mates for 2.5 years now......but I get the feeling they are pooping themselves now staring at a No Deal Brexit. 
Brexit: May and EU leaders discussed extending transition period – Politics live  
This is how we are treated by our so called friends and naigbours. Pull all UK forces out of the EU let them defend themselves. What a absolute piss take this is. #NoDeal #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #leavetoday 
Negative coverage of Brexit has lifted support for the EU in Sweden, survey suggests  
So let’s go for a Full English #Brexit   
Nigel Farage had a booming response to this angry caller who claimed everybody who voted Brexit did so to “ship back migrants the next day” @Nigel_Farage | #Brexit  
“much much more time”.. that does not sound like a November #Brexit summit ..  
Looks like @DominicRaab might be planning to tie the hands of the so-called sovereign parliament. @theSNP don’t accept the only choice is between a @theresa_may deal or no deal & we won’t let the Tories get away with this #meaningfulvote #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
LATEST: Theresa May brought nothing new on Brexit to Brussels, European Parliament's president says  
European Parliament President re May pre-dinner Brexit presentation - “I did not perceive anything substantially new in terms of content” 
Arriving in Brussels for a summit of EU leaders, Taoiseach @campaignforleo says he's willing to listen to any Brexit solutions including a longer transition period - but there can be no replacing the backstop  
The pound could see a “big fall” if the U.K. can't find a deal over Brexit, says Bank of England official  
FOUND! - BREXIT JOB GAINS!  
Why Theresa May isn't ruling out another year of Brexit transition | by @Peston  
European Parliament supports the extension of a Brexit transition period to 3 years, its president Antonio Tajani says  
Every UK News Programme Right Now;Well fed Tory MP; “The Irish border  is a made up problem, the EU doesn’t really care, computers! Switzerland! Unicorns!”Exasperated Irish Politician; “Ok, let’s try this one more time... ” #Brexit 
France and Germany prepare for ‘no deal’ Brexit  
We believe in the common candidate process. Do you? Check our statement about it. #EUCO #Equality #migration #Brexit #CommonCandidate #Spitzenkandidaten 
UK's PM May is at #EUCO to adress EU leaders on #Brexit.Discover the EU's response to #Brexit. 
Taoiseach @campaignforleo says that a longer #Brexit transition is not a substitute for a backstop that will guarantee that there will be no hard border in Ireland.  
Saturday’s People's Vote march: Route and times as more than 100,000 people prepare to attend biggest Brexit protest yet ⁦@peoplesvote_uk⁩ ⁦@LabPeoplesVote⁩ ⁦@LabourLordsUK⁩ 
Leavers: Free movement messes up the supply-demand and means lower wages for the low paidRemainers: totally untrue! Racist!*net migration decreases after brexit vote, wages increase due to less supply*Leavers: see?Remainers: BUT MY PRET WILL BE MORE EXPENSIVE FFS 
"More than 100,000 protesters are set to march on Parliament on Saturday to demand a People’s Vote on the final #Brexit deal." 
Is this what they meant when they say Brexit means restoring parliamentary democracy? 
Any attempt to deny our right to amend the "meaningful vote" is an undemocratic power grab. A choice between no deal and Theresa May's deal is a farcical vote. Is putting the guns to our heads the only way this government thinks it can get its Brexit deal through?  
If that’s right, it would be outrageous   It’s bad enough that the referendum was subject to cheating by the Leave campaign.  They can’t be allowed now to try to subvert due parliamentary processWhy are running so scared of democracy?  
Fight back against the anti brexit elite. We are a proud strong nation. #Brexit  
Theresa May is Brussels trying to sell her dead-in-the-water Chequers deal to the EU.The only deal the EU wants is for us to not leave, if they can’t have that they’ll settle for seeing us fail.WALK AWAY - NO DEAL#ChuckChequers#brexit@Steven_Woolfe 
#Brexit dinner: negotiations not on the menu. Expecting full English breakfast at next meeting #EUCO 
Hope not Hate report. Areas that voted for Brexit due to fear of immigration experienced less immigration than areas that voted to remain.They did suffer from the loss of manufacturing industries.Tory right wing, or Corbyn’s left wing Brexit will devastate these areas even more.  
Sir John Major pushed the Maastricht treaty through parliament without a referendum with calamitous results for the country, his party and the EU.  A disastrous PM.  
Europe offers Britain an olive branch to break Brexit impasse  
Tony Blair and Nick Clegg have teamed up to write various columns in European newspapers urging a second Brexit referendum - and have consequently overtaken Seann and Katya of Strictly Come Dancing as the most nauseating double act in the news today. 
Dave Brown on having your cake... #TheresaMay #Juncker #Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
A big story of the week is the Irish government’s bold & confident media campaign for the full Irish backstop. Including in the UK: Simon Coveney gave a more convincing interview on Today than any UK minister has given either on Northern Ireland or Brexit 
In this morning's evidence to the Brexit Select Committee, the Cabinet Office confirmed that the extra cost of Brexit has so far been £3bn over two years with 16,000 more civil servants.So, everyone having fun?#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
This is truly bizarre, but seems to be part of a growing tendency amongst Brexit Ultras over recent days to talk about 'Irexit' - despite the fact that virtually no one in Ireland is even remotely interested in leaving the EU. It makes no sense at all.  
In which case Lionel why don’t you & the FT support a people’s vote to stop Brexit?  
I cannot weigh whether reason Downing Street is not pouring cold water on idea of extra year of Brexit transition is simply to avoid a conflict with rest of EU tonight over dinner, and prevent another Salzburg-style debacle. I assume that must be the reason. Because... 
Fab video from @OFOCBrexit Young people’s voices should be front and centre of this debateBrexit would be a reckless act of intergenerational betrayal Please RT - and make your voice heard on Saturday!  
Great The Express is campaigning against overturning #Brexit but mistake to use the Remoaners’ branding. Its not a People’s Vote but a second referendum (a third if you count the GE). And it’ll be the last if Remain wins. The door will THEN shut on us voting against EU rule.  
In May 2016, a lying buffoon boarded a #Brexit bus emblazoned with a massive lie about the NHS. In Truro, #Cornwall.On Saturday we're getting a bus to London to protest the lies & false promises & demand a #PeoplesVote.We suspect @BorisJohnson will be making himself scarce. 
So here’s the final guest list for our Brexit Special tonight. @johnmcdonnellMP, @HMcEntee, @Nigel_Farage, @JamesCleverly, @andreajenkyns and @lisanandy. A reminder our twitter live is at 10.45pm alongside ITV  
So much for pretending Brexit is about restoring Parliamentary sovereignty when Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab’s trying to stop MPs choosing anything other than May’s deal or no deal, obstructing “meaningful vote” amendments #sameold 
Not much of a democrat are you? You don't care how Parliament votes, you insist that Brexit goes ahead regardless. Hardly surprising. 
If govt tries to blackmail parliament into a vote between May's deal (if there is one) & No Deal, they will lose.We were once told #Brexit gives back parliamentary sovereignty - now the Brexiteers try to take it away.All this will do is accelerate a #PeoplesVote. Bring it on. 
Bob Moran on #Brexit #TheresaMay #JohnMajor #TonyBlair - political cartoon gallery in London  
Motion on the PMs Brexit Deal WILL be amendable - vital if Parliament is to have a "meaningful vote" - I don't want a no deal, and (so far) the PMs deal is rubbish too. I want a @peoplesvote_uk! 
And this is just one reason why brexit is a bad idea  
A leading figure in Stop the War - but no interest in stopping the war and genocide against the Syrian peopleA social justice warrior prepared to see public services starved in the name of Brexit without a peep 
When was the last time @ahmednasirlaw was on the bench? Its been so long....Am watching to see  you make public your stand as far as the referendum is concerned .... @KoinangeJeff make sure you ask SC  this question....Anajitetea akiwa pande gani #JKLive 
Galloway trying to insinuate that the SNP are trying to do a deal of supporting #brexit in return for #indyref2. Factious unfounded defamatory rubbish. He must have missed the part where @NicolaSturgeon said she got into politics BECAUSE SHE HATES WHAT THE TORIES STAND FOR. 
Correct. What we do know is that in July 2016, just after the referendum, over half of leave voters (also remain voters) were expecting to stay in the Single Market with restrictions on Freedom of Movement. We were told we could have our cake and eat it, and that's the mandate.  
PM pre-dinner audience on Brexit has started - general air among leaders beforehand of trying to help with her domestic political impasse, but starting to make own No Deal plans  
Raab has said the Government wants the Commons "meaningful vote" on the Brexit deal to be un-amendable. Someone should tell him we're supposed to be a Parliamentary democracy not an autocracy. #Brexit 
Tusk @eucopresident has started the meeting with PM @theresa_may and @EP_President on #Brexit. 
Farage now effectively encouraging his listeners to call Blair, Clegg & Heseltine treasonous, by pretending to be outraged and then dog-whistling it over and over again. Should there be violence of any kind due to Brexit, @Nigel_Farage will be held responsible. 
Travel disruptions because of a nae-deal Brexit? Fuel shortages because of a nae-deal Brexit? Nae bother. Here’s the solution from the phantom menace fae the 18th century, Jacob Rees-Mogg.  
Jeremy Corbyn’s 2 year silence on Brexit is the most momentous act of political calculation in recent political history. Jeremy Corbyn is not a man of principle. He’s a hack like the very worst of them, smaller than the party and significantly smaller than the country. 
Leaving without a deal was not campaigned for during the referendum. There is no mandate for it. 
Can I remind you that this is the man who we all rely on to make sense of Brexit.  
.@MichelBarnier “We have worked a lot over past few days & weeks [...] but we are not there yet. #Brexit must be orderly for everyone & for all issues, incl. Ireland. We need much more time. We will continue to work over the next weeks - calmly and patiently.” #EUCO #Brexit  
Ah yes, of course. "In order to deliver a Brexit that returns the sovereignty of our Parliament, we must first slash and burn all of our Parliament's sovereignty."  
Contrary to what Labour seems to think, the vast majority of people in #Redditch don’t support a second referendum or whatever they call this  people’s vote. And many of them are Labour voters who Jeremy Corbyn and his party are ready to betray. #whataboutdemocracy 
Brexit Queen x  
Another source tells me whips also looking at whether to use Thurs sittings for Brexit. Typically the day used for backbench debates rather than govt bis. Sense within govt something got to give now that Dec 13 could be the summit where deal sealed (this obvs all fluid) 
Meeting with PM @theresa_may on #Brexit ahead of #euco. 
NHS cannot be 'confident' about medicine supplies after a no-deal Brexit, senior official admits  - It's clear that Brexit will be a disaster for the NHS 
New York Times breathlessly shouting about us all stockpiling for Brexit because they interviewed a woman who has a lot of couscous  
EXCLUSIVE: Govt considering dropping Feb recess to have enough parliamentary time to pass Brexit legislation. There had been discussions about cancelling Xmas ("Brexmas") but chief whip ruled it out for fear of further angering mutinous MPs 
Ex Farage fan and Brexit voter Lydia putting it to @Nigel_Farage that he’s let people like her down by not deporting all immigrants the day after the vote like he promised and because he didn’t warn them about food price rises. Nicely sums up the Leave EU campaign. 
Sky Sources: No 10 is considering dropping the February recess in order to have enough time in the Commons to push through Brexit legislation 
“John Major says Brexit voters are a ‘deceived population’ who were brainwashed into voting to make themselves ‘weaker and poorer’. Such contempt for ordinary people. Remainers really do look down on us as a dim and dangerous throng”, says Brendan O’Neill 
Good to meet ⁦@theresa_may⁩ again in Brussels for a bilateral on #Brexit and Northern Ireland, then we’ll both be attending the ⁦⁦⁦@EUCouncil⁩ for more talks on #Brexit ⁦@HMcEntee⁩ 
BREAKING: We need "much more time" for an orderly Brexit but will continue to work "calmly and patiently" in the coming weeks, Michel Barnier says  
As govt fights itself over #Brexit, #PeoplesVote gathers momentum. Huge march on Saturday will show strength of feeling. Not too late to stop the madness #FBPE 
My new wings have arrived, my tiara is polished and I’m ready for the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Buses are coming from all parts of the U.K., people demand to be heard, to have a #FinalSay. This is our country and Brexit breaks it. Together we can stop it.  
'EU gravy train soaking us DRY!' The Who frontman savages Bob Geldof Brexit claims  
it's a response to this letter from Charles Walker, chair of the procedure committee, asking the Brexit secretary about amendments to the meaningful vote  
Just read that the French president says that if there’s no brexit deal all uk born residents will be classed as illegals I’m wondering if he’s including these residents from the uk  
.@Nigel_Farage takes your calls on Brexit live from the EU Parliament in Brussels. Watch it live:  
Aviva to transfer UK policy administration to Ireland Shocking reality of #BrexitWhen they talk about a services-based economy, this is what they mean. It follows Lloyds move to BrusselsUK is losing world-leading place in massive insurance business 
The Brexit withdrawal agreement must be either be accepted or rejected by MPs, allowing for an unequivocal decision, and so should not be subject to amendment, the government warns Procedure Select Committee. A meaningful vote ?  
Brexiter attacks on the civil service point to the wider dangers of faith-based politics. My latest Brexit Blog post, just up now:  
Proposed changes to the electoral system SHOULD meet the highest standards of transparency, integrity and public support - this mandatory referendum does NOT. Support stable governance and vote NO to Proportional Representation in BC #NoBCProRep #bcpoli #FPTP #prorep 
Disgraceful that #Labour failed to support votes for Life for British living abroad !!Millions of Brits were prevented from voting in EU Referendum.These issues affect us!!! I pay tax in the UK too!!  
MISSED LAST 18 MONTHS #Brexit negotiations? Lithuanian President has provided a summary: "We do not know what they want, they do not know themselves what they really want - that's the problem. If you have a negotiator who has no strong mandate, it's very difficult to negotiate." 
BREXIT: Nigel Farage denied entry to EU council building ahead of Brexit talks  /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Tory Wiltshire Council is just going to wait and see what happens with #Brexit.Isn't that a bit like waiting to see if the floodwater enters your house before putting out the sand bags?#BrexitShambles #stupidity 
Reminder: Roger Daltrey wants the NHS to stop being free at the point of delivery. Don’t worry Roger, I imagine, post Brexit, your wish will come true. 
One of my co workers is urging us to all go and march against Brexit this Saturday. She herself voted Leave :/ 
I did not vote for Brexit in the referendum for Theresa May to negotiate a deal that's in the "Best interests of the EU" according to her. What's she talking about? The best interests of the EU is Brexit in name onlyMore than ever I believe May is going to sell this Country out. 
Funny how many multi-millionaires think Brexit is a sunny upland of moonbeams and unicorns leaping. *light cough*  
Ireland, @RTE, I do love you. But you have to do better. Please.Even from a PR perspective, this picture? This panel? The only difference is the men’s ties. Highly competent women do exist to speak on #Brexit. In frame. On a panel. In front of the camera. Symbolism matters   
Credit to Pants to Brexit Facebook page .  
2 years and the only #brexit plan so far is for the UK to remain bound by EU law for 3 more years until someone comes up with a way for the UK to not be bound by EU law but without it noticing. Seriously people. Seriously.  
Family picture of today's #ALDEPreSummit with Liberal Prime Ministers and European Commisioners ahead of the European Council meeting #EUCO  On the agenda, European elections #EP2019, migration, internal security & #Brexit   
"We're not so far" from a Brexit agreement, France's President Emmanuel Macron says  
Sir Nick Clegg passionately defends his position on staying in the EU, describing Brexit as a “curiously un-British thing to do” @EddieMair | #Brexit  
"I have cancelled my wedding plans because of the instability."People all over the UK are putting major life decisions on hold due to the uncertainty caused by Brexit  
Nigel Farage denied entry to EU council building by security ahead of Brexit talks 
Daniel Hannan: The proposed Brexit terms represent a deal worse than either staying or leaving.  
This version of our video has now been viewed 170,000 times.The definition of "viral" is 100,000.Dogs are demanding a #Wooferendum to stop Brexit. Join us at #PeopesVote march on Sat. Let's make the biggest bark in history. #stopbrexit #wooferendum 
Merkel. There must be a clear difference between being a member & being a 3rd country. So @UKLabour - No. 2 of your 6 tests..Does it deliver the “exact same benefits” as we currently have as members of the Single Market & Customs Union?Means even you can't deliver brexit.  
This tallies with earlier research on Russian bots from me and @flashboy : they did tweet about Brexit, but a mix of pro-Leave and pro-Remain messages, and generally to tiny audiences.  
NEW: Twitter publishes full dataset of Russian troll factoryOnly 4,000 of 9 million tweets posted by Russian trolls were about Brexit, dampening claims of major Kremlin-backed pro-Leave social media campaign.  
The more chaotic Brexit becomes, the more I back calls for a people’s vote - Evening Standard  
Brexit latest: Polls show Brits increasingly believe voting to leave was wrong in hindsight - Evening Standard  
Theresa May will urge EU leaders in Brussels on Wednesday to keep the door open to continuing Brexit negotiations   - Surely it's clear after over two years that any Brexit deal will  NOT be a good one. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote 
Brits increasingly believe voting for Brexit was wrong in hindsight, polls show. It's ok to change your mind.If, with hindsight you not think brexit is wrong, you are not alone, join so many others saying publically. Be a #RemainerNow#finalsay 
Brits could need visas to visit France after 'no deal' BrexitFrench would need visas to visit U.K. then!  
.@Econs4FreeTrade's David Blake: Here are ten reasons - besides the EU's bullying behaviour - that prove Brexit is right  
Nick Clegg undermines negotiations by writing to EU leaders suggesting we might hold a second referendum.It is NOT what he was saying before we had the real "people's vote" in 2016.This should be required viewing for EU officials and @welt readers  
One thing those UK politicians backing Irexit and Irish return to the UK don't seem to have clocked is that it would mean a firm Remain majority in any second Brexit referendum 
Lithuania PM: “drama isnt over. Prepare for November summit or further”....happy Brexit Xmas 
Take the sticks of Extra Gum (and the compliment)! #GiveExtragetextra 
Christian Adams on Theresa May, Brexit and EU Summit talks - political cartoon gallery in London  
Sinn Féin joined students outside Queen's University today to protest against the reckless Tory/DUP Brexit agenda which could have a major impact on the rights of students and young people.  
Oh, God, they cannot be serious....#brexit  
BBC loving all this Brexit hell and non stop putting on Brexiteers and asking if they have got everything they wanted. No Remainers included in any of the discussions. The BBC is a disgusting Brexit promoting propaganda machine. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
I cannot move on.  Brexit affects me every day.  Because of it my son and daughter in law and my grandchildren moved to Finland.  Since then my other grandchildren haven’t seen them. Brexit affects my income too.  
Glad the proposed movement of Election dates to December failed.Beyond requiring a referendum, anyone who cares to check will see the % of registered voters voting has heightened since 2010, compared to the years before. 
@BorisJohnson @michaelgove Anything else you'd like to admit you hadn't properly understood about Brexit, chaps?  
WOW - is this SKY is this really SKY absolutely spot on journalism - see how TV could not answer the questions and then reverted to 17.4 Million voted blah blah blah go and ask the shop floor of Nissan or Jaguar or Rover and ask the brexiters what they voted for 
Hi @damienmooremp,We see that you back #Brexit and are MP for #Southport, where constituents voted overwhelmingly to leave.Will you join the other 36 #Conservative MPs who have pledged to #StandUp4Brexit and reject the #Chequers plan? It would be great to have your support. 
Boris Johnson's popularity among grassroots Conservatives & Brexiters has sunk to its lowest level. This is following his narcissistic Tory Conference speech when he attacked Theresa May's Brexit strategy. His favourability ratings have collapsed to -35! #BorisOut #ToriesOut 
Wow given #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw this reaches new depths of vile hypocrisy.  They think they have got away with being helped by foreign powers to steal a referendum.  
I think there are someBrexiteers who genuinely think the Republic of Ireland has a duty to either rejoin the UK or leave the EU as well just to make Brexit easier for us. 
Mark Francois MP - "The EU is to blame because they are attempting to force us to accept a set of conditions which would mean that, in effect, we remained inside the EU. "That is unacceptable because it would breach the spirit of the referendum and the vote to leave." #Brexit  
Poll after poll finds that the public are in favour of a #PeoplesVote. The more that people see of Brexit, the less they like it. Join us on Saturday as we demand a final say on Brexit  
 President VETO  Referendum  Sobranie 2/3 ... Third & final match between NPC [Globalist|Leftist|Commies] & Pepe the Macedonian [Patriots|#Бојкотирам]. Macedonia undefeated. 
Poland's PM Morawiecki tells @wirtualnapolska that Donald Tusk "plays with fire when it comes to Brexit". "The situation is very serious, and this push for hard Brexit could cause huge losses for Poles there, in the UK."Says he favours "a compromise" that works for all sides. 
It's ok Scotland....everything about Brexit will be ok.....George Galloway 'Heard a rumour' Remain calm. 
Julian Lewis MP - "Next time EU negotiators claim that a hard border is necessary in Ireland, will the PM kindly ask them who would construct it?“The Irish won’t, the British won’t, so unless the EU army plans to march in and build it, it surely can never happen." #Brexit  
Schadenfreude for me at @Nigel_Farage who promised in 2016 to export his EUphobic Brexit agenda across the whole continent. The people of Europe are pushing back wisely against his type of nationalism and populism  
BREAKING: British leader Theresa May says Brexit deal can be reached after more work "over the next days and weeks." 
All families argue, but most will pull together when the going gets tough. We don't all have to agree with each other about everything. The only thing we need to agree on is that the only good brexit is a dead brexit. Join us this Saturday for #PeoplesVoteMarch #FinalSayForAll 
The Maybot at her most unhelpful on arrival at #EUCO. Asked if she's brought any of Tusk's required 'concrete new proposals' to reopen up Brexit talks, she completely obfuscates: “I will be talking to leaders tonight about the very good progress we have made since Salzburg". 
The next time a former Prime Minister comes out to warn people against #Brexit remember that it was their neo liberalism that caused the conditions for this madness. It's time for a new deal for the people.  
It was hoped that the October summit would provide a provisional Brexit deal. With the deadline in March, there is a growing risk of no deal at all  
LATEST: "I believe a deal is achievable" and "considerable progress" has been made on Brexit since the last EU summit, Theresa May says in Brussels  
The Brexit establishment’s unquenchable contempt for Ireland, stunned disbelief the Irish government dares to defy it, and spiralling rage Britain can’t get its own way: Brexit’s historical erasure and post-colonial delusion distilled into one abjectly pathetic front cover  
This is why both HMG and Labour leadership will fight tooth and nail to prevent a #PeoplesVote as they fear it will result in a bigger Remain majority now than the 2016 Leave one and unscramble 2.5 years of absolute determination to deliver a hard Brexit.  
Peter Bone MP - "The House of Commons decided we would come out on the 29 March and if there is no deal we will trade on WTO rules, which we deal with most of the world on.“The idea there is anything irresponsible about that is patently absurd.” #Brexit  
He wanted a REAL ‘in or out’ referendum on the EUHe got oneHe lost itHe had a tantrumHe teamed up with Blair & the #FBPE extremistsHe wants to overturn the result of his ‘in or out’ referendum He’s an idiotHe’s @nick_cleggNEVER let him forget his treachery 
Roger Daltrey - "We used to work in Europe before the EU was even thought about. We had the golden period of the 60s and the 70s. "I’m not against Europe at all. It’s Brussels – there are far too many people on far too many gravy trains soaking us dry." #Brexit  
Anyone fancy chlorinated chicken, hormone-injected beef & food containing maggots, rat-hair & mould? Just some of the imports post-#Brexit that Trump (& Liam Fox) wants us to have from US. Read my comments on the Brexiteers’ push for lower food standards   
Discussion with PM @sanchezcastejon on #brexit, migration, EMU reform and upcoming #euco. 
Business leader @DeborahMeaden will share why she's demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future this Saturday 20th October. Join her:  
France says Britons could need visa to visit after no-deal Brexit  
Analysis: The real Brexit breakdown  
Theresa May heads to the EU Summit today.Any deal will be damaging to the UK and will be rejected by Parliament. On the other hand a no-deal Brexit will cost the UK £36 billion, according to the Chancellor. We must give the people the final say >  
Britain must abandon its food standards in a bid to secure a post-Brexit trade deal with Trump's America, a letter has revealed - meaning maggots and rat hair will be coming to a school lunchbox near you.Read it about it in full here: 
Mrs May should tell that to our EU friends tonight. If no deal or any deal is voted down, no one in Parliament can stop or delay Brexit – only the Government can, and it won't.That should concentrate their minds. 
Alternatively, if there is a deal and the Government loses a meaningful vote under section 13(1) the agreement falls – but Brexit proceeds.So all the government has to do is hold its nerve and Brexit proceeds. 
Just learnt in Procedure Committee today if there is no deal under section 13(4) of the Withdrawal Act, the Government just lays a motion in neutral terms which is unamendable and Brexit proceeds. 
The pervasive influence on Trump. Brexit and state sponsored murder all combine to continue one of the longest periods of global market uncertainty in living memory.  How should you invest wisely in this crazy market?Join me this Friday as I unpick the issues. #MTRadioUK 
The dept of health’s most senior civil servant has just admitted he’s “not confident” essential medicines will still be available after a no-deal Brexit. This may be a game of passports & sovereignty for some, but for others it could be life and death.  
Here are ten reasons - besides the EU's bullying behaviour - that prove Brexit is right, writes Professor David Blake  
I 100% believe that if the EU was to turn round and say to the UK 'OK, you lot can be in charge' that #Brexit would be cancelled in a heartbeat. Brexiters want to run the show, it's a symptom of their delusional exceptionalism. Imo that's at the root of everything - it's toxic. 
Ben Jennings on Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
News of the massive opportunities that Brexit creates is being drowned out by the Globalist elite and their useful idiot Remainer lackeys. That's a great pity. 
Please would you make way for someone who can lead the opposition in this country, not use #Brexit for their own political agenda. We don’t want your Lexit dream either. Let ME be clear, there is NO good Brexit That’s why the people are marching #PeoplesVotemarch #london 
PM will claim her deal can settle Brexit. It won’t  
Illustration for @POLITICOEurope to accompany #Brexit article by Paul Taylor  
With the Prime Ministers of Spain, Portugal, Sweden, Malta & Slovakia and other leaders from across Europe. It's very important to continue to use our influence to protect our citizens in the #Brexit negotiations. @PES_PSE 
From today's @FinancialTimes #Brexit #climatechange and a lot of other stuff too 
This afternoon, as the PM arrives in Brussels for yet more crunch Brexit talks, we have chosen instead to lead on the lives of ordinary people that are on hold as we wait for a deal. This is the reality of living in Brexit suspended animation.   
Angry about the state of Britain?BLAME THE TORIES!Want to force a change of government?OPPOSE THE TORIES!Want to stick it to the establishment?ATTACK THE TORIES!How?HIT THEM WHERE IT HURTS!Where?DEMAND A FINAL SAY ON BREXIT!Why?BECAUSE BREXIT = AUSTERITY!#ToriesOut 
#PMQs proved that Theresa May is on the ropes with no deal and no solution to preventing a hard Irish border. Join me and thousands more at the #peoplesvote march in London on Saturday to demand a democratic say on our future. @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit  
in case anyone still had any doubts — the @bankofengland didn't tell the government a no-deal Brexit would result in 33% drop in housing prices. Carney confirms to Treasury select committee this was indeed a stress test scenario, not a prediction of a no-deal outcome.  
today’s reminder that the people who led the brexit campaign are unconscionable idiots.  
France says Britons could need visa to visit after no-deal Brexit  
Angela Merkel has from the beginning been clear she wants a good #Brexit deal. German car manufacturers certainly have their fingers crossed.. But the Chancellor said today "A (Brexit) agreement is not inevitable" 
…Theresa May pushes ahead with Brexit on the basis of a referendum won by criminality & dark money to keep Jacob Rees-Mogg and his foaming at the mouth swivel-eyed loon mates happy bc it keeps her in her dream job anyway.  
Before coming here to Brussels - Angela Merkel told the Bundestag: There "must and will always be a distinct difference" between the way EU member states and third countries (which is what the UK becomes after #Brexit ) are treated 
May faces EU leaders as Brexit talks stall  
PM had 18 Qs on Brexit at #pmqs today by our team's count - most ever I think 
No deal Brexit brings many advantages. No £39bn brexit bill, no transition, no Irish backstop & in March 2019 we can end free movement & the jurisdiction of EU courts. WTO trading rules also gain the UK billions in tariffs because the EU export more to the UK, + bilateral FTAs..  
We’re winning this!Keep the pressure on!Join #PeopesVoteMarch this Saturday, London and make your voice heard!We CAN stop the catastrophe of #Brexit and we WILL stop it  
Following Corbyn’s Groundhog Day comments, sources from Brussels suggest Dominic Raab has seen his own shadow, meaning 12 more months of Brexit. 
“We are... in danger of becoming culturally isolated and insular and increasingly remote from where progress is being made." Stephen Hawking warns world ‘in danger’ from Trump and Brexit in recorded message  
Summary:1. I'm free to tell you the truth.2. Oh yes!3. Mind you, I won't.4. Any more than I did when I said, shortly before the 2016 referendum, "If our nation does vote to leave, we must respect their decision".5. Talk about a not inconsiderable lie!6. That's all, folks!  
President ⁦@JunckerEU⁩ meets Prime Minister ⁦@theresa_may⁩ ahead of tonight's EU27 dinner on #Article50 #Brexit negotiations. #EUCO 
Dear Brits,this time you really fucked up. Your #Brexit is a mess. Just watch these seven minutes and you'll see what will really happen.Lovely greetings from Germany, xoxoheute-show 
Sinn Féin MLA Máirtín Ó Muilleoir calls the DUPs narrow Brexit agenda reckless as he and fellow party MPs Michelle Gildernew and Paul Maskey hand in a letter to British government officials calling on them to end their toxic relationship with the DUP.  
Britons may need visas to visit France after no-deal Brexit, says Paris as draft law published - Politics live  
But this general No Deal picture painted by the French draft law of Day 1 application of EU law checks on UK from March 30th for customs/ animal/ safety etc is what it appears Brexit Sec @DominicRaab referred to as an “economic embargo” in his Conservative conference speech. 
As a staunch remainer, the thought of you and Tony Blair leading the cause to remain is about the only thing that could actually make me consider voting for a hard Brexit. 
Labour Councillors in Hammersmith & Fulham urging me to back a Second Referendum, or stand down for a by-election....Guys, you can’t even convince your own party to back it, let alone mine. And are you calling for the 150+ Labour MPs opposed to a 2nd Referendum to quit too?  
No. No. No.I will ever ever EVER go back, or continue to be asked or treated like this. Nor will the people of the Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland. We have absolutely had it.We are STILL healing wounds. This #Brexit nightmare is just ripping them open. Unforgivable.  
Gove also said one of his other biggest concerns is the export of sheep meat (ie Welsh hill farmers etc) just after Brexit Day, [hefty tariffs would then apply to main export market in EU if it can get through Chunnel] suggests helping export instead to Middle East  
So you know how Brexit offers the possibility of shiny new trade deals. Well read this. You’ll lose the will to live by about point 7 and be in despair by point 9 - but if you’re interested in food cut to point 31.  
"The Prime Minister must accept responsibility and avoid an economic catastrophe."SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford and Theresa May clash over what's best for Britain after Brexit.  
Top Brexit campaigner DEFRA Secretary Michael Gove speaks to these issues in his Parliamentary testimony today saying his top worry is the ports and the fact Calais has no border inspection post is his “single biggest concern” so looking to divert exports via Antwerp/ Rotterdam 
Well gutted if @georgegalloway is correct as he states SNP have done deal to vote with Tories re BREXIT to secure 2nd indyref for Scotland, shocking for Scotland/Ireland and just shocking all round really #votelabour 
Well said @xrosiemckennax! By failing to oppose Brexit, @UKLabour’s leadership is failing most Labour supporters, and especially failing Northern Ireland.We’ll be there on Saturday! 
On #Brexit referendum day, the Russian troll accounts posted on #ReasonsToLeaveEU 1,102 times. A mix of retweets of genuine people, and their own posts. NOT a full-on pro-Leave campaign, but certainly an attempt to make the hashtag trend on voting day. 
85% support in Ireland for staying in the EU, that’s up from 80% in last year’s poll. Strong result & strong response to the #irexit nonsense being propagated post #Brexit   
Michael Gove continues to roll the pitch for reneging agreements and breaking contracts.He’s already hinted the UK Govt may do a Brexit deal only to get over the line - and tear it up later. Here he tests out the “we were tricked” arguments.  
The world should watch Brexit as a test case in deglobalization. The results so far are sobering: without a single tariff going up Brexit is clearly extracting a price. My column:  
They say #Corbyn was a threat to the #UK Theresa May has just potentially sacrificed both the north of Ireland and Scotland in the same play! Just to keep her own miserable lederhosen in the prime-ministerial chair! #Labour #Brexit 
I don't believe this for a minute. When Scotland is ready to be independent it will be demanded by Scots, not handed down from Westminster. Sturgeon has been the best party leader in the UK on Brexit. 
Rare for me to agree with Daily Express headline. But I do.I remember the referendum. I remember what was said, promised, sold and bought.And if Brexit doesn’t come close to that 2016 Referendum offer - there is no way we should approve it.  
#PESLeaders ready to start the discussion on EU elections, migration #brexit  
Distracted by the present Brexit farce? Remember 1.The EU always does deals at the final hour - or after 2. Last moment drama strengthens the PM's hand to ram this through at the end. 3. Its still most likely a deal will be done - because not doing one would be just too horrid. 
Tired of Theresa May, David Davis, and Boris Johnson leading us down this embarrassing Brexit sideshow?Join our march against Brexit this Saturday. Details below >  
Great to welcome Spanish PM @sanchezcastejon to #PESLeaders meeting with some hot topics on the agenda today #Brexit #migration #EU #elections 
This is a baseless conspiracy theory an insult to readers’ intelligence, but suppose for a second that this narrative made sense: Ireland is a member state, the UK is a 3rd country now; you’re owed nothing and you’d better get used to hardball. Still think Brexit was a good idea?  
The coordinated Scottish Torying continues, with @ProfTomkins writing in the FT this morning, bigging up David Mundell's resignation threats over Brexit () just as the Secretary of State for Scotland denies he would do so (). 
Legendary entrepreneur, James Dyson insists that a no-deal Brexit “will not change anything” and lashes out at pessimistic car manufacturers saying they "complain all the time, but there is no problem without a solution."Much needed optimism about Britain's future!   
 Delighted that former Brexit Minister @DavidJonesMP will speak at our Save Brexit rally in Gateshead this Friday! Tickets selling fast.  To get yours, visit   
The momentum is building for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal with the option to remain in the EU. My reaction to today's Prime Minister's Questions on Sky News earlier this afternoon... #PMQs 
NHS cannot be 'confident' about medicine supplies after a no-deal Brexit, senior official admits  
.@sheryllmurray was first up at #PMQs today. Find out why she asked the Prime Minister to publish all of the Government's #Brexit modelling.  
A Blind Brexit is bad for the UK & the rest of Europe. With Tony Blair & Michael Heseltine, I am calling for the EU to give the UK time to think again. Our article is now in @guardian #peoplesvote 
There are many examples of English exceptionalism in #Brexit that are frankly embarrassing to the rest of us, but this one is right up there"Why doesn't the Irish Republic know it's place and get in line by rejoining the UK?"  
Brexiteer mocks People’s Vote protests a day after just a dozen attend ‘Save Brexit’ rally  
The US wants to set our minimum food standards if we Brexit.No thanks.  
Several important points here, but what stuck out for me was Coveney’s reminder that Ireland never asked for any of this. UKGov (and Humphrys here) still acting as if Brexit is something being done to them, not something that they are doing to Ireland and EU27.  
Heavy rumour at Westminster the the #SNP has done a deal to save the Tory Government over #Brexit by abstentions in exchange for #IndyRef2 Same old Tories, same old SNP 
That’s handy - an on-camera assessment of the PM’s Brexit chat with the EU27 straight after it happens. Because the Pres of the EP is going to be in there too.  
#Brexit is dead. It is no more. It has ceased to be, it has expired and gone to meet its maker, it's a stiff, bereft of life, it rests in peace. #pmqs 
Corbyn backs independent investigation into all bullying claims against MPs - including against John Bercow. Also slaps down Lab MPs putting Brexit issue ahead of staff abuse. 
Interesting use of language Theresa May.Negotiate a good deal to “protect”the Uk. Protect from what?You?#Brexit?The bogeyman? 
Currently looking into hiring a coach for Saturday for the #PeoplesMarch.I’m not sure over the level of demand for a coach so if anyone is struggling to make it to the March on Saturday and are willing to go by coach could they please DM me today! #Glasgow #Scotland #Brexit 
Another loss to our #financial sector: America’s 3rd-largest bank to move European investment operations to Paris. If our financial sector shrinks, so does the money they put into public purse for schools/hospitals. Who voted for that? #Brexit #EndTheChaos 
Forget Brexit. EU commission about to reject Italy's budget. another crisis  brewing in the eurozone 
The Irish border was an issue raised before, immediately after & regularly over the months since referendum by many in UK & Ireland. To suggest that EU has suddenly now, with evil cunning & duplicity, used it to "take control of Brexit" is pathetic, ignorant & childish nonsense. 
Brexit getting real. EU agrees new legal text on relocation of European Medicines Agency and European Banking Authority out of London. 
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth  
Brexit hasn’t happened yet and employability is being expertly handled by the Scottish Government- modern apprenticeships, FE geared towards employment etc. What’s your point, caller?  
"I believe those who promised what will never be delivered will have much to answer for," John Mayor says of Brexit."They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer. That will never be forgotten - nor forgiven." 
 WATCH: #Brexit can lead to a fishing boom in Scotland worth up to £2.7bn. Yet the SNP want to betray our fishermen and coastal communities by locking them into the hated CFP. @DavidMundellDCT is right that’s this position is “incomprehensible”. #SeaOfOpportunity  
Wow. No Deal Brexit = illegal status of “ex-pats” in France.  
Margaret Beckett long standing Lab MP and party Grandee who thinks it’s fine to ignore bullying and sexual innuendo as long as it’s the Speaker who may favour you over Brexit, has mainly led a scandal free lifeExcept when it comes to past expense claims 
It is perfectly reasonable to imagine a world where 100% of the UK voted for Brexit to achieve x, y & z, but that over the course of 3 years the government's handling of it meant it achieves the exact opposite.If we continued anyway... We wouldn't be a wise people.#PeoplesVote 
#UK faces £36bn of liabilities even we don’t leave the #EU with a deal. Can we stop using the term ‘clean #Brexit’ now? This isn’t a poker game – we’ve signed treaties in good faith, and we have liabilities - our international credibility is at stake here. 
Rees-Mogg & The Rest of the ERG Dickheads Will Have Themselves to Blame When Their Brexit Dream is Dead!  
Theresa May has apparently offered the SNP a 2nd scottish referendum in turn for SNP voting for her brexit deal which the SNP will undoubtely fall for and vote for her.  It will only be later that the SNP will realise it's another lie as TM never keeps a promise only offers lies. 
On my way to Brussels to continue discussions on Brexit with my European colleagues. Very positive to see movement in Britain has allowed for progress since our last meeting in Salzburg. But we are far from done #dkpol #euco #eupol 
Why are @BBCNews anchors so flippantly patronising about #Brexit? @Jo_Coburn apologises daily for discussing it, @BBCNormanS rolls his eyes at how “this will go on and on”. If you’re bored of your well-paid jobs, make way for journalists who are interested in discussing the news. 
The impact of Brexit will depend on the "brutality" of the split but will be worse for Britain, IMF's Christine Lagarde says  
"British consumers do not want this, did not vote for it and will not stand for it. It is disgraceful that Brexit is being used as a cover to reduce food standards and consumer protection."  
Imagine if Theresa May turned up at the EU leaders meeting tonight and said THIS about Brexit ...#EUCO 
MUST-WATCH: A trade deal with Donald Trump's America will be bad for Britain. Brexit means a bad deal with the EU, followed by a terrible deal with Trump.This is exactly why we need a #PeoplesVote. March with us on Saturday:  
As the EU summit gears up, here’s my speech to @theSNP  conference on brexit. Scotland voted to remain, that is our instruction   
We asked @Plaid_Cymru MP #JonathanEdwards for his views on #Brexit and how he thinks @UKLabour are handling itThis was what he said#PeoplesVote #HowWillBrexitBenefitMe? #OptionToRemain #SODEMaction 
You lot would have been screaming and frothing with rage if there was a directly elected EU President. What we need is honest politics and the jailing of those who pervert our democracy through electoral crime, Mr Crimes! #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitGate 
John McDonnell says that if there is no general election after a vote on the Brexit deal “there might well be a People’s Vote of some sort”. Further than he’s gone before? 
BREXIT!ANOTHER YEAR TACKED ON,would make the process longer than WW2 !What is needed here is an ultimatum and that ultimatum has to come from the UK.I find it difficult to believe that our negotiators are pro British. 
Mayor of London, @SadiqKhan will share why we need a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal  
Join us this Saturday 20th October at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future. Demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Starting in Park Lane, we will be marching to Parliament Square to hear from speakers including...  
Not only did May authorise sending vans around the country telling immigrants to "GO HOME OR FACE ARREST" - she created the hostile environment. In Number 10, her entire Brexit agenda has been based on pandering to the hard right. Enough.  
Any Labour MP who votes for this Brexit deal deserves to be deselected | Michael Chessum  
3. “Community licenses” for haulage “would have no effect” after a No Deal Brexit leaving hauliers “unable to use them” and Cabotage “also prohibited” pic.twitter.com/Ej0kTTNgeE 
European Union (EU28): Kantar Public poll finds that voters in all EU28 countries would vote remain member in the European Union - on average 80%. The lowest support for remain is in the United Kingdom, with 60% approving the country's EU membership. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion 
Cover of forthcoming Spectator - James Forsyth on how the EU has deftly used the Irish issue to trap Theresa May and take back control of Brexit.  
Too many Leave supporters do not understand or appreciate the significant affect to the UK that Brexit brings, nor do they care. It’s one thing for elements of the general public to be ignorant about these effects, but unforgivable for MPs and the UK Government to also be. 
This week’s cover: Divide and rule. How the EU used Ireland to take control of Brexit, by @JGForsyth 
Wetherspoon Launches Poster Campaign In Its Pubs Calling On The Prime Minister To Get Rid Of Tariffs Post-Brexit 
Brexit is a disaster and you’re responsible for that.For that you’ll be remembered as the worst PM of all time 
Anything about the NHS ? People dying in the corridors ... Children with empty tummys, Crime soaring.. Shortage of Police , shortage of Firemen and equipment. Frauds on the Brexit referendum. Oh come on Dahling. Oh not enough Police to investigate the Brexit fraud.  
Q: In the public interest, will my Right Honourable Friend the Prime Minister, publish in full all of the Government’s European Union exit modelling?@sheryllmurrayTranslated answer: Not until after Brexit#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackstop 
Universal Credit was an avoidable disaster and a preview of the "magical thinking" of Brexit - this week's @NewStatesman leader. 
£500k & it’s a rich conspiracy against the WC? Seriously? £24m of Leave spending came from 10 people!It’s not them who will lose their jobs (or already have) with any form of brexit. It’s working people. The tax dodgers’ll love you - that’s why they flogged you brexit.  
Are you in the video games industry? Do you oppose Brexit? Do you want to be able to look back in years and say "I did something to try to stop it"?Then sign the @Games4EU letter to MPs here:  
In Brussels today, gearing  up for #peoplesvotemarch with rousing speeches from @gavinesler @SebDance and @MollyMEP @maryhoneyball - there is no brexit dividend. We are living on false promises. Hope MPs will have the courage to stop this disaster. #stopbrexit 
Also they appear to be claiming the British public understood the implications of Brexit when they voted, but they didn’t understand a single element of it when they signed up to it, despite significant civil service resources at their disposal to help. 
Matt Lucas, James O'Brien, Dan Snow – it's remarkable how many of the people wailing about #Brexit are multi-millionaire ex-boarding school posh boys, while the people telling them they haven't got a clue are from the working class they pretend to speak for.  
Theresa May’s leading Brexit advisor is “hoodwinking” the public and needs to answer “serious questions of improper conduct” according to ex-MI6 boss Sir Richard Dearlove. 
15 YEARS  THIS MAN DID A GOOD DEED AND GOT BANGED UP #Brexit #TheHeroWeNeed #BaconSarnie #EDL #FackTheMosques 
Any Labour MP who fails to vote against the Tory Brexit deal would be making the biggest mistake of their political lives, propping up the government, enabling more years of austerity and a bonfire of rights.The membership would not forgive them. 
I've said it before, but the growing bitterness and rage from the people who won the EU referendum speaks volumes. They always knew their "prize" was worthless.  
Take the Labour MP Barry Sheerman, who recently said that he had reported a pro-Brexit group to the police for including the hashtag ‘#Fascist’ in a tweet criticising Tory MP Anna Soubry for wanting to overturn the Brexit vote.   via @MailOnline 
Theresa May looked as if she was being dragged to the gallows at PMQs today. You watch tonight shoulders drooped in Brussels like a lost sheep, or a cow in an abattoir. She will come back with nothing from the EU and she knows it, the worst thing is so do all of us. BRINO BREXIT. 
“We have a long history of being taken by surprise by predictable events.” @_StephenCastle on the Brexit hoarders, stockpiling couscous for a no-deal exit  
UK’s plan for no-deal Brexit relied heavily on France just waiving checks. The French govt has just announced they won’t do that. Massive problem for the UK. No-deal Brexit will lead to chaos at ports and severely impact trade! Huge concern! 
It matters even less to the 1m+ brexit voters who have died of old age and left us with this mess.Time for a #PeoplesVote ! 
My old pal @MickGreenhough has always referred to leaving the EU as “cutting the Gordian knot”. I’m glad @eucopresident is finally using this terminology too. It means we must have a hard Brexit.  
Well it's good to see people are catching up at last to what's been going on in the UK for a long time, an ideological takeover of the country. Brexit is all about that. It's like a home run for the neo feudalists. Small State? How about No State.  
May failed as PM in every single respect. Brexit was a historic opportunity to rebuild the UK. Instead of using this chance to revolutionise the country, May chose to crawl to the EU, throw away every advantage Brexit gives us & sign over the UK to the EU all over again. SACK MAY  
Shocked to see claims that a Tory hard Brexit will help the most vulnerable in our society.Further decimated workers rights won't help the most vulnerable.Sky rocketing food prices won't help the most vulnerable.Decreasing jobs and wages won't help the most vulnerable. 
EU willing to extend Brexit transition, says Irish foreign minister.Do NOT, repeat do NOT, fall for this Theresa. The EU countries are at the cliff edge right now and they will do anything to avoid falling off it. 
1/ UK Govt considers unilateral #citizensrights guarantees for EU citizens in the UK sufficient in case of no deal Brexit. As the reaction from the French Govt shows 28 unilateral guarantees are not workable. It will lead to divergence  of rights and ultimately conflict.  
Great to be on the Victoria Derbyshire show talking about Brexit this morning. I discussed the superb deal that Donald Tusk has offered Great Britain and now we need to ensure that we upgrade this deal so it becomes a deal not just for Great Britain but for the UK. #VictoriaLive 
And of course you will make sure the attempted conflation between the Iraq war and the vote on the EU is forefront, whilst the very real issue of the criminal procurement of a referendum result, which you were involved in, is kept on the back burner by your friends.  
Another member of a party which supports Brexit at any cost telling Scotland lies about the EU.That ship sailed a long time ago.No one trusts British Labour or British Conservatives in Scotland.  
Trump has just told UK “it must dump food standards for Brexit trade deal”.Enjoy the ride Leavers this includes food “containing hormone injections, rat hair, mould, maggots & chlorine”.This is your work Leavers. This is what you’ve forced on us.   
Kantar Public (#Euref):REMAIN 53LEAVE 35DK 12Fieldwork 8th-26th SepN~1,000Writeup  #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Got a response to this @LiamFox @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMP ? Yeah it'll be soooo easy to negotiate trade deals "they'll be queueing up" I think you said 
SPEAKER: MPs saving Bercow over Brexit blasted. “It is very disappointing that some of my colleagues are not treating this report with the seriousness it deserves.” 
What is happening is the UK political establishment are sabotaging Brexit. They never accepted Brits voting to quit their beloved EU. Brexiteers will never give up & if we don’t get an ideal Brexit in March 2019 May’s deal can be undone. 1 way or another we will get a real Brexit  
I will be in the EU27 leaders' meeting with @theresa_may on Brexit at #EUCO. Watch my live presser after the discussion at 8pm:  
"Chlorine-washed chicken, hormone-injected beef and food containing maggots, rat-hair and mould are just some of the imports post-Brexit Britain could receive from the US"  
Britons may need visas to visit France after no-deal Brexit, says Paris as draft no-deal law published - Politics live  
The disgraceful citizenship referendum of 2004 has led to an awful situation like this, where an Irish-born child can be threatened with deportation.  
How do you know someone is stupid? - they say a #PeoplesVote is not democratic.. I could go on.. You can say they're not funny.. They're not, but neither is #Brexit. 
Italy MORE Eurosceptic than Britain: Only 44% of Itailians believe its worth being in EU.  Let’s hope they hold a referendum soon..  
Jeremy Corbyn has rebuked shadow foreign sec Emily Thornberry for suggesting John Bercow should stay on as Speaker because of Brexit.Source close to Corbyn said Thornberry was speaking in personal capacity, adding:  'Issue of Brexit & issue of abuse are entirely separate' 
John Humphrys accused of speaking for Boris Johnson on Brexit during clash with Irish minister.Coveney talking sense, Humphrys talking rubbish - nothing has changed.  
#EMA and #EBA, get ready for #Amsterdam and #Paris!!! #eu2018at has found an agreement with @Europarl_EN on the text of the regulations for the relocation of the two agencies. #Brexit  press release will follow 
Hunt warns Boris: Back Theresa May or you risk derailing Brexit   
Brexit Britain: Wages Rise Fastest in 10 Years, Unemployment Record Low   
Pretty comprehensive demolition of @ProfTomkins muddled & misguided arguments in today’s @FT  in this thread from @KirstyS_Hughes of @SCER_eu #Brexit #FBPE #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope  
‘Well John (Humphreys) it sounds like you’re speaking for him (Boris Johnson)’ says Irish Minister. So @BBCr4today can you now consider that it’s not just Remainers who have noticed that anti-Brexit voices are being shut out by Today programme?  
Unchallenged Brexit lie once again on @BBCNews, Owen Patterson soundbyte "ask any business, they all say just get on with it". Shameful FAKE news from #BBCNews, the truth is if you ask any business about Brexit, they'll say STOP IT! #StopBrexit 
I can forgive the dimwits and the under-informed, but you know who has a special place in Hell? That particular breed of Brexit-happy shill who thinks it's fabulous to be waspish, witty and dismissive about the genuine harm coming for millions of people.Who's your favourite? 
Too often Jeremy Corbyn has shirked his responsibility to hold the government to account on Brexit – not today #PMQs 
‘Whether it’s a disastrous No Deal, Theresa May’s Chequers Plan or a ‘blindfold’ Brexit, there is simply no good Brexit for Northern Ireland.’Check out my article today in @MetroUK, and join us on Saturday to march for the future.#FFS#PeoplesVote 
Literally no-one on either side of the negotiations advocates erecting a hard border on the island of Ireland which begs the question, just who is actually going to build it?Total non-story which has been shamelessly politicised to fuel the anti-Brexit agenda of Remoaners. Sad!  
It’s not about the border - it never has been. It’s all about EU trying to trap UK in its regulatory orbit and to prevent Brexit being a roaring success. The border is a confected convenient figleaf and the more we talk about it the more effective it is. It’s like military chaff 
When the Brexit dust has eventually settled, the actions of these individuals will go down in infamy.  
 #president @KRLS "A year after the referendum, the people are there. It is still true that there are still more than two million people who still support Catalonia's independence". Entrevista sencera @euronews aquest divendres (22.35 CEST) 
So, no agreement on Brexit, but an offer of extending the transition period. Death by a thousand cuts. You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave. 
Trump tells May to abandon the UK's 'unjustified' food standards in order to secure a post-Brexit trade deal. 
The Australian government has written a report on possible future trade deal with the UK post BrexitIt doesn't make very good reading for BrexiteersAustralia basically saying that they would rather not and would prefer to concentrate on the EU market  
Having lived in France for sixteen years I'm to be interviewed tomorrow for a 10 year resident's permit. I have to provide original proof, and copies, amounting to 142 pages that I've been here legally as an EU citizen. Thanks #Brexit 
Why the risk of a no-deal Brexit is increasing  
MPs who call for a second referendum are shirking their responsibility to deliver on the mandate of the British people.  
Confirmed: Government hiring 16,000 new civil servants with extra costs of £3bn due to Brexit. Not to give better access to the world’s biggest market, it’s to try and get as close to what we have already.People need a say on this madness before it’s too late #PeopesVote 
In Sep 2018, Theresa May said she will reconsider paying the £39bn Brexit divorce bill if there is No DealONE MONTH later, The PM now says that she will pay up to £39bn to the EU in the event of a no-dealYet another broken promise & betrayal 
. Right now I don’t care one bit what Theresa May, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Jeremy Corbyn or anyone else on the Brexit side say. What John Major, Tony Blair and Co on the Remain side say makes perfect sense. There must be a 2nd Referendum on #Brexit. A simple fact. 
Whilst I respect the referendum result – I unfortunately cannot respect the Tories’ handling of Brexit negotiations. This is not a Channel 4 game show and the PM is not Noel Edmonds! #nodealisnotanoption 
There’s no special deal in sight for Scotland but Scottish Tories, the party that brought us Brexit, are ready to damage Irish peace process for own unionist concerns. If they really want to protect the Union, they wd speak out for remain & against growing damage of Brexit. Ends 
Also worth noting Scottish parliament voted 92-0, a week after the Brexit vote, for Scotland to stay in EU or single mkt (only Tories abstaining). 14. 
If we allow 16 year olds to pay tax or serve in the army, then we should not deny them the right to vote.With #Brexit risking damaging young people’s opportunities, they deserve to have their voices heard. #ExitFromBrexit#PeoplesVote 
Do you want the #FinalSay on Brexit? Join the march for a @peoplesvote_uk this Saturday in London 
The "trend of public opinion moving against Brexit we’ve seen over the last year appears to be continuing."Britain appears to be turning increasingly against Brexit, according to the latest polls  
READ: Everything you need to know to get ready for the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future. Join us this Saturday to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
'EU gravy train soaking us DRY!' The Who frontman savages Bob Geldof Brexit claims  
Q. When did Theresa May last tell the truth about Brexit?  A. Just before the EU referendum.#PMQs 
The backstop? The Chequers plan? Our refresher will help you beat the #Brexit jargon   
UK game devs! Please go sign this anti-Brexit letter to MPs, and let's make sure they all know this wasn't what we as an industry wanted  
You see, I view Brexit like I would view leaving somewhere on a aeroplane, I expect to arrive safely not crash blindly into the sea because pilot and crew couldn't be arsed to get landing permission elsewhere.  #PMQs 
"Unless the EU army plans to march in and build it, it surely can never happen” Conservative Julian Lewis questions who would actually create a hard border between the UK and the EU after #Brexit#PMQs as it happened:  #politicslive 
BREAKING: Germany's Merkel says 'still a chance' for a deal on Brexit but Berlin also preparing for a no-deal Brexit  
Standing up for the majority who want to avoid the DUP’s Brexit at any cost agenda. Defending the Good Friday Agreement and our peace process which is crowning achievement of EU. #brexit ⁦@sinnfeinireland⁩ 
Commentariat moan when Corbyn asks Brexit related questions and moan when he doesn't.  Next week they'll be moaning he's asking about something that only applies to people they don't know, like buses or council housing. #PMQs 
Britain has to understand that Theresa May isn't competent and her ambition to remain PM rather than calling an election to let the people decide how to proceed with Brexit is creating an unheralded political chaos. }#PMQs 
17.4m people voted Leave in the EU referendum, while 16.1m voted Remain. The turnout was 72.2%  #PMQs 
As an EU citizen living France for the past 16 years I am deeply ashamed to be British. The UK, specifically England, feels like a hostile and aggressive nation and although I will have no automatic right to continue living in France post-Brexit I'm praying I can stay here. 
Quite right. Treasury forecasts have been highly dodgy to date: eg Forecast: 800,000 jobs lost if we voted Brexit. Reality: lowest unemployment since 1970s  
“The enemy is behind her!” SNP's @ianblackfordmp teases Theresa May by quoting warnings about #Brexit from members of her own partyFollow #PMQs live:  #politicslive 
His comments about #EU negotiators shroud waving were quite disgraceful. So many Tories fundamentally misunderstand importance of the #GoodFridayAgreement & fail to understand #EU rules based order or indeed #RuleOfLaw #Brexit #PMQs 
4 possible scenarios for movement of goods across N. Ireland's sea & land borders after #Brexit. #Backstop @BorderIrish i.e. implications of crash-out, no future deal, FTA & soft Brexit. [A v.compact version of my presentation @UKandEU @PolStudiesAssoc media briefing this am] 
There is now a hole where the Brexit deal should be:  
"I'm leaving Britain because of Brexit"  
Chancellor Merkel talking this morning about avoiding hardship re Brexit but also being clear that there must be a difference between EU membership and UK being a third country...  
The #PeoplesVoteMarch is THIS SATURDAY and we can't wait - it's going to be an amazing day with brilliant speakers and thousands of people from all over the country demanding a vote on the final Brexit deal. Sign up to march with us here:  
Top health chief: Brexit worries over medical supplies keep me awake at night  
And just to really put this argument to bed: We can't be 100% sure that flying directly into the sun is bad for your health because nobody's ever done it before. And nobody (happy) ever will.Why? Because experts say IT'S A BAD IDEA.#Brexit  
U.S. is understood to have joined other World Trade Organization members in temporarily blocking Britain's attempt to remain in a $1.7 trillion trade pact 
'@OwenPaterson: Chequers can't work, we need a Canada-style deal. It's time for May to change her Brexit plan now.   
.@LeaveMnsLeave board member @OwenPaterson: If we don’t respect the referendum result - where voters endorsed leaving the single market, customs union & remit of the ECJ - there will be catastrophic damage to the whole of the political establishment  
Sinn Féin MPs @PaulMaskeyMP @gildernewm and MLA @newbelfast handing a letter into British government officials at Stormont rejecting the DUP/Tory Brexit agenda  
A cross-party group of MPs has challenged the government to explain how 10 key promises made during the referendum will be kept  
Yet another survey out showing a majority for #Remain if a new #referendum on #Brexit were held tomorrow – this time with a lead of 17 points(!). Can we please stop treating #WillOfThePeople as somehow static on this issue? #EndTheChaos #LetThePeopleDecide 
Chequers is not Brexit#ChuckChequersThe backstops break up the Union & keep us tied to the EU#BinTheBackstopWe voted to take back control. We demand that our elected representatives #StandUp4BrexitEmail your MP: #PMQs 
Referendum - binary decision Home Secretary - demands proportional representation outcome. Please can someone explain our electoral system to dullards in Parliament.#Brexit  
Well it's certainly interesting to watch senior politicians queuing up to admit that they're either gullible beyond belief, have no proper understanding of the details of Brexit, or both:  
"There will be no second referendum, the people voted and this government will deliver”  @Theresa_May rejects idea of a "People's Vote" in response to @jeremycorbyn's question on #Brexit and the car industryFollow #PMQs live:  #politicslive 
.@IanBlackfordMP pulls up the PM on an interview she gave in 2016 when she said “People’s jobs would be put at risk” with Brexit:  No Prime Minister should negotiate a deal that threatens jobs. #PMQs #EUSummit 
.@IanBlackfordMP with a clear warning to the Prime Minister as she heads to Brussels “Does the Prime Minister understand that staying in the single market and the customs union is the only deal that will get through this house?” #Brexit #PMQs 
Sir John Major could have defused the European issue by granting a referendum on the Maastricht Treaty . He stubbornly refused , and the European Community morphed into an emerging Federal Europe which is not wanted by the people of the UK #PMQs 
#PMQs struck me as an easy win for Jeremy Corbyn. Tory backbenchers can cheer all they want, but on Brexit May is left defending a policy she doesn't really believe in, which she possibly can't deliver, & which is still being negotiated inside her own cabinet at the 11th hour. 
Tory backbenchers heckling @jeremycorbyn whilst he's raising significant issues over #Brexit at #PMQs the Tories have completely ran out of ideas shouting, booing and hissing is all they have left. It's the same every week they know their party is falling apart 
I know there’s many of you that don’t think these negotiations are going well. But can you please take a moment to think about the absolute shower of crap it would’ve been if Corbyn had been leading them? #Brexit #PoliticsLive #PMQs 
Has @theresa_may turned up to this #PMQs? I hate to say this but #Corbyn has rightly asked why she signed the backstop agreement in December with no time limits.This is a dreadful situation we are in. Dreadful showing by the PM.#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
The Tories are split, says Jeremy Corbyn standing in front of MPs who don’t really like him and are campaigning for a second referendum which he doesn’t want. #pmqs 
Barely an hour goes by without Theresa May vigorously insisting there'll be no second referendum. Makes it feel more likely by the day. 
Corbyn is playing the piano with boxing gloves on. His Brexit Qs are in the right area, but not one of them is sharp enough to penetrate the Maybot's titanium exterior. Plus no follow up #PMQs 
Thank you @jeremycorbyn for raising the concerns of Vauxhall Motors and the need for a customs union after Brexit. Every opportunity should be taken to remind the Prime Minister it’s not just her job on the line if she gets this wrong #PMQS 
1.  We're leaving the European Union on 29th March 2019.Read the rest of our Brexit plan here #PMQs 
Poland, Kantar Public poll:Should Poland leave EU?Yes: 13%No: 87%Field work: 10/09/2018-21/09/2018Sample size: 1,034#Brexit 
Am thinking up equivalents to Labour members' asinine "Love Corbyn Hate Brexit" sloganLove Cigarettes Hate CancerLove Booze Hate HangoversLove Emily Thornberry Hate Workplace Harassment 
May refuses to publish government's Brexit modelling - Brexiteers are highly suspicious of the models and have been pushing for them to be published and subject to proper scrutiny #PMQs 
I'd love to know the identity of the Brexit agent inside the 'People's Vote' campaign. Persuading three discredited establishment politicians to co-author a piece begging the Germans to help keep us inside the EU is just inspired.  
We respect the referendum result – but nobody can respect the Tories’ handling of Brexit negotiations.While the PM argues with her own party, British jobs, workers’ rights, and environment standards are being put at risk.#PMQs 
Insurance company Aviva is preparing to transfer the administration of insurance policies from the UK to Ireland, to safeguard against the possible implications of Brexit  
Theresa May answers #PMQs before the Brexit summit in Brussels   
Brilliant from the 'no nonsense' @adamboultonSKY.. Had Theresa Villiers on the ropes regarding trade. #Brexit #AllOutPolitics 
FM #Lavrov: UK ruling elites try to hide their internal problems, incl #Brexit, by waging anti-Russian campaign. They follow suit of some US Democrats, who still can’t accept the defeat of their candidate in November 2016.  
There is no good Brexit - all ways we will be worse off and the majority now realise this. Brexit is a fascist coup led by the hard right to benefit the 1%  
Brilliant to meet young people from @OFOCNI in N. Ireland to hear the huge concerns about impact #Brexit would have.It’s vital these young people’s voices are heard - they would be  affected most & live longest with the consequencesAnother reason we need a #PeoplesVote 
Seems a good time to retweet this, from a month after the referendum.What has changed, @theresa_may? 
Brexit live: Michel Barnier offers to extend transition period ahead of EU summit -Barnier exposes the EU intent - there is no negotiation the intent is to thwart our Brexit - #NoDeal 
Wut? This must be far-right populist lies. Everyone knows that EU citizens are fleeing Britain in a Brexit exodus. The fascists rampage on every street corner. Plus there is no cheese or sandwiches for them to eat. 
5 things for Wednesday: - Saudi Arabia- Hurricane Michael- Brexit- Canada and marijuana- Lotteries 
Simon Coveney has been really strong, clear and on top of the arguments on #Brexit credit where it is due 
Blair, Clegg and Heseltine are utterly delusional if they think the EU stands for democracy, free expression and free trade. In reality, an unelected bureaucratic elite is running an authoritarian protectionist racket that punishes dissent.  #Brexit 
WATCH: great to speak with Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain this morning about why we need a @peoplesvote_uk to resolve the #Brexit mess! @Remain_Labour @LabPeoplesVote @WalesForEurope @Cardiff4EU @ValeforEurope #PeoplesVote 
.@The_IoD has today reiterated its call for the Government to introduce Brexit planning vouchers to help the many unprepared SMEs ensure they can properly plan for no-deal. Incredible that Ireland and the Dutch have such a scheme in place but not the UK  
On Brexit talks: ‘Still everything to play for’ emanating from No 10.Firstly, this is not a game.Secondly, we are voluntarily losing everything we already had.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#InformedVote 
Oh dear @DavidMundellDCT attempts to row back from his resignation threats derailed by @ProfTomkins in today’s @FT where he repeats the threat. Nice company @ScotTories keeping with the #DUP #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope  via @FT 
Brexit's our worst defeat since 1066 if we risk being sold down the river by Theresa May  
Unhappy how Brexit's going? Still EU law, still pay EU money but no say - like paying bus driver lots of money to go wherever bus driver wants – but you can sit on the top deck pretending you’re driving it. Please come & march this Saturday @peoplesvote_uk  
Please watch and share.  This is how I feel (and I'm British).  March on Saturday for a return to decency and the beginning of social change.  Brexit can only get worse and worse and worse.  I for one, am not willing to wait decades for it to be over.  @peoplesvote_uk 
Border of EU consists of FORTY borders with countries which are not members of EU.There is no problem with trade over those borders.Why doesn't #politicslive tell their viewers this?Is it because it does not fit the anti-Brexit narrative of the BBC? 
The EU is willing to extend the transition period, Ireland’s foreign minister Simon Coveney has confirmedReported on the same day that Blair, Clegg & Hezza asked for Art 50 to be extended to allow for a 2nd referendumSurely COLLUSION, not COINCIDENCE  
John Major on the Tory Brexiters: "The NHS is about as safe with them as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python."#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Create grievance? OMG! @theSNP are trying to help #Scotland avoid a cliff edge #Brexit for goodness sake. How is that greivance? 
Sir Chris Wormald: “Total number of [NHS] staff from the EU has gone up since the referendum… We haven’t seen evidence of people leaving.” 
"England fans are all racists because of one FLA flag that I spotted...oh and Brexit" "Singing an anti-terrorist song is bad because reasons"Typical snobby-toned article from a posh Oxbridge dickhead who needs a reason to hate the working class  
And....here's a cosy line-up inside the Vote Leave offices - Grimes in background - can't think what 'political sensitivities' are making the Police reluctant to investigate a serious crime involving Conservative 'Big Beasts' - can you? 
BIAFRA REFERENDUM: IPOB STRATEGY AND PROCEDURES ON THE RIGHT TRACK  
BIAFRA REFERENDUM: IPOB STRATEGY AND PROCEDURES ON THE RIGHT TRACK: BIAFRA REFERENDUM: IPOB STRATEGY AND PROCEDURES ON THE RIGHT TRACK Written by Obulose Chidiebere For Family writers press. The indigenous People of Biafra IPOB and it's leadership have…  
First we had a backstop, then a backstop to a backstop. Now they're discussing a "two-tier backstop." Just what is going on with Brexit negotiations?  
Really pleased to share my views on Brexit, why Trump will never be welcome here, and the future of the left with my friend @benrhodes on @crookedmedia's Pod Save the World. 
Energy Minister Claire Perry says the U.K. is leading the world in cutting emissions and standards won't drop after Brexit  
A HUGE amount of vital and life-saving medications CANNOT be stock-piled - it is admitted that the supply of these drugs and supplies are NOT GUARANTEED. A hard Brexit WILL cost lives, anyone who thinks this is a price worth paying is truly disgusting. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
We work closely with a lot of bands that tour the European small gig circuit (<200 cap venues) & I can tell you without any shadow of a doubt Brexit will end that. Just kill it dead. It will no longer be financially or logistically viable. 
EU leaders prepare hardball Brexit summit for May  
The village idiot Owen Paterson who want OAPs to pick fruit after Brexit. another self-serving Tory #politicslive #BrexitShambles #brexit  
The EU trading with the world. Brexit means we lose dozens of trade agreements. Even Trump wants a trade deal with the EU!  
BBC Today programme @BBCr4today interviewed pro Brexit Roger Daltrey on why it won't harm musicians.Have they interviewed Rod Stewart, Elton John, Florence Welch and many other musicians, including most classical ones, who think Brexit is a very bad idea? 
UK games industry friends: @Games4EU is writing to >200 MPs across UK to express interactive entertainment's major concern over Brexit and what it means for our industry. PLEASE sign it and help our voice to be heard at this critical time for Brexit  
"Yes," Juncker told the Dail in June, agreeing that there would be no border apparatus, or personnel "under any circumstances".Why then, are we squandering the opportunities of Brexit to avoid a scenario that no side is willing to see?  
“It’s a referendum on me, but only if they win.”  
We learnt two things yesterday about @UKLabour and @TheGreenParty MPs: 1 (explicitly) they think stopping the Brexit we voted for more important than stopping harassment of young staff; 2 (implicitly) they think Bercow will twist rules to help them. Pretty disgraceful all round. 
Brexit isn’t just an ideological triumph, now. It is a way for these corrupt people to rip apart the core infrastructures of this country so that they can get away with the crimes they’ve covered up. And profit from the chaos that ensues. 
POLL: Only 44% of Italians would vote to Remain in EU. Brexit is just the beginning!  
@ all the medieval nobs that got but hurt at wolf al winnin mercuries. Y do you disregard when a woman sings about her feelings as 'irrelevant and unimportant, and not political enough', but when a band full of blokes shout about brexit and their feelings it's revolutionary???? 
Britain will face £36 billion Brexit bill if it fails to agree a trade deal with EU, Chancellor warns MPs  
In our latest Brexit explained we talk about tariffs - they sound boring but they're crucial to understanding any deal:  
Speaking at #MIPIMUK this morning it is clear that the commercial property industry is highly concerned about the uncertainty caused by Brexit shambles  
Insurance company Aviva is preparing to transfer the administration of insurance policies from the UK to Ireland, to safeguard against the possible implications of Brexit  
"Everyone knew Brexit meant dying in childhood from easily treatable diseases."  
Christine Lagarde(IMF) - #Brexit will be a net negative in all cases but the more brutal the exit the more negative it will be & in all circumstances the UK will be hit hardest.#peoplesvote #FBPE 
If it's an assertion that the 2016 referendum should be rerun on the grounds that we didn't know what we are voting for.  Then it follows that practically every General election ever run should be rerun ad-infinitum because what party has ever stuck to a manifesto? 
We changed Prime Minister in the middle of a war. But we can’t change Speaker in the middle of Brexit negotiations. Seriously? 
Party Leader @MichealMartinTD is in Brussels today to talk to Prime Ministers at the @ALDEParty pre-EU Council summit.  He spoke to Irish and European media this morning about the importance of getting the best possible #Brexit deal and maintaining  EU solidarity for Ireland  
SIGN OUR PUBLIC LETTERWe're sending a letter to MPs in video game clusters to let them know why the industry opposes Brexit and to ask for support for @peoplesvote_uk.Read the letter and sign it here:  RTs appreciated! #PeoplesVote 
Why is the Irish border such a sensitive issue in the Brexit negotiations? What responsibilities does the UK have to the peace process—and why does Brexit endanger it? Read @hayward_katy on 'The Future of the Irish border' on our website now:  
Sometimes wonder if the big, very low-probability, play in the domestic Brexit debate is the DUP deciding that the best way to secure Northern Ireland's place in the union is to remain in the EU. (Something which was obvious from the start.) 
The UK signed an agreement on the backstop meaning no hard border in Ireland. But the Tory Brexiters don't want to accept the consequences of signing. Instead like angry spoilt brats they are shouting and screaming and blaming the EU.  #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Incredible. Even the Guardian has bought into the “not now, Brexit” line.   
#brexit from Ireland is like watching your neighbour with serious mental health issues go off their meds. We've been polite, concerned, & worried, but now that 80ft wicker man you are building in your backgarden is a fire risk  
Fresh Brexit Negotiations Delayed As Theresa May Spends Hour Pushing Door Marked ‘Pull’  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "The call for a second referendum comes from those who lost the first. Will they ask for a third if they lose again?" #MoggMentum 
britain soon gonna have to legalise marijuana cos brexit’s gonna tank this economy and the country’s only exports are racism, rain and black actors to hollywood  
We’re told our choice is between Chequers or no Brexit at all. But Chequers IS no Brexit at all. 
Brexit feels like a soap opera without much significance if you’re not British. That complacency is a mistake, says @greg_ip. 
The UK after Brexit - Long live freedom. There is nothing to fear, and everything to welcome.  
Rather than ask a multi-millionaire 60s gammon dinosaur with well known anti-EU views, why not ask actual gigging bands who will have to cope with Brexit? I mean Jesus Christ are you a news outfit or what?? Are there any actual journalists left in Broadcasting House?  
Sweden & Denmark have become among the most pro-EU countries with 83% and 77% for membership. Both have been scared & alienated by Brexit.  
2016: "Brexit will improve your lives"2018:"We never guaranteed that some of you wouldn't die"  
It probably won’t. But one day they’ll *feel* the truth if Brexit goes ahead. In their own pockets; in lost rights; in lost opportunities; maybe even in a lost job. And then they will look at the people who lied to them about a glorious Brexit — and those who helped enable them.  
Reminder: Post-Brexit the UK will be the EU's biggest trade partner, ahead of the US & China. Frictionless trade is a matter of mutual interest. 
It's about doing all we can to save our country from the perils of #Brexit!! @peoplesvote_uk @campbellclaret 
That is, to use a technical term, total bollocks. I do not have a pro or anti Brexit stance and today I have a long-standing engagement agreed well before my new BBC contract was agreed. I thank you.  
I got into a wonderful Twitter spat with a Remoaner from Pink Floyd about how Brexit would devastate British music. So it's lovely to hear from Roger Daltrey, someone who understands the music industry. Always did prefer The Who to Pink Floyd.@guypratt #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
“How to break the Brexit impasse: Reunite Ireland” #UnityRef 
"Brexit is not inevitable; the stripping away of our rights to movement is not inevitable either."The brilliant @bellathetwin on why Freedom of Movement is something we should champion at #PeoplesVoteMarch on Oct 20tth#FFS#PeoplesVote 
German MEP @HansOlafHenkel: "Britain is very important to the European Union. After Brexit, Britain would be the EU's largest customer."  
Our millionaire elite (Blair, Clegg, Heseletine) are all over the European media today pushing for an eternal delay to Brexit. Are they really betting on older Brexit voters dying off? Loathsome traitors.  
We march on Saturday for @peoplesvote_uk for what is @BestForBritain in the @wooferendum Battalion. Brexit is all out bad for anyone but the 1% of creamers and asset strippers - and here is a quick interview @tjindersingh did about such naked truths: 
Messrs. Blair, Clegg & Heseltine have published a statement today in newspapers in , urging leaders of those countries to give time for 2nd referendum in UK.Former leaders using foreign press to influence UK politics seems v. dangerous.. 
Evidence to Brexit Select Cttee this morning from Cabinet Office.  Extra cost of Brexit £3bn over two years.  16,000 more civil servants. 
FYI, as soon as we pass Brexit Day (currently 29 March 2019, 11pm UK time) we're OUT of the EU. And once we're out, Brexit is irreversible. Also, we will have lost all our treaties.1) During a transition period, we're already out.2) During a backstop period, we're already out. 
"(David Cameron also took out an HSBC mortgage on his £3.5m home, up the road in Notting Hill, 8 days before the EU referendum)"  
Are EU leaders really united on #Brexit? @BBCKatyaAdler explains Read more: [tap video to expand] 
Whittle calls out Sadiq Khan on anti-Brexit march"Sadiq Khan should drop the pretence and admit that this is not about giving the people a voice, but a cynical attempt to overturn the will of the 17.4 million people who voted for Brexit." - @prwhittle 
Nick Clegg - "Brexiteers promised a eutopia, they said it would be easy.. Well every single promise was untrue". #AllOutPolitics #Brexit  
#TeamJunckerEU today: #EUCO preparation including state of play #Article50 #Brexit negotiations, debrief on General Affairs Council. Conclusion #EUtrade & Investment Protection Agreements with #Vietnam; updates following the notification of Draft Budgetary Plans by Member States. 
Michel Barnier ‘open to extending Brexit transition period by a year’  
Totally this, Brexit makes me feel less British, not more.  
Remain would win a second Brexit referendum, according to an EU survey  
DISGRACEFUL: Blair, Clegg and Heseltine use German media to urge EU for more time to stop Brexit. They should be ashamed of themselves.  
Marion: I feel much more European than French. How about you?Me: I feel more British.Marion: Really? Even you?Me: For me being part of the European community changes what it means to be British. It adds something.Marion: So Brexit actually makes you feel less British. 
‘Colossal misjudgment’: John Major delivers devastating Brexit speech  
BREAKING: 'It's not a second vote, it's a first vote on real facts' - Former Deputy PM Nick Clegg explains why he wants to see a #PeoplesVote on #BrexitWe all got the facts, Remoaners chose to ignore thenI dont mean facts like yours "There will be no EU army" #FakeNewsClegg 
Brexit - live updates: EU leaders could scrap plans for a crunch summit unless Theresa May breaks Irish border stalemate  
Brexit update: “We’ll keep our nerve”.  FFS?! What happened to “We hold all the cards, sunlit uplands, etc etc”? Are people REALLY still buying this ? #Raab 
Very good report by Hope Not Hate underscoring the idea that Brexit is a symptom rather than the cause of our divided society and, as such, won't solve the problem of inequality  
Ex MI6 boss Brexit loving Richard Dearlove writes to Times maintaining Olly Robbins has “serious questions of improper conduct to answer” after “hoodwinking” the public.The irony! #Brexit blame projection on steroids! @carolecadwalla @peterjukes 
Remoaners are now conspiring with the EU to thwart BrexitBlair, Heseltine and Clegg are urging EU leaders to extend article 50 to pave the way for a 2nd referendumThese sore losers, just like the EU, want to keep making us vote until we do it their way 
Things *never* mentioned in the Referendumnorthern irelanddivorce bill £40 BNlosing 36 trade dealspossibility of #NoDealBrexitleaving EU agenciesThings *vaguely* talked about by Vote Leaveleaving single marketleaving customs union"We knew what we were voting for"  
On BBC Radio 4 this morning Tanaiste Simon Coveney TD was asked if the Govt 'might have to build a wall' in the event of a no deal Brexit. The mind boggling TRUMPIAN stupidity of the question really shows that there is so much more than the Irish sea between here and London.. 
For anyone who wants to understand the politics and emotion behind why the Irish Govt is so clear on the need to provide a guarantee that no border infrastructure will re-emerge on the Island of Ireland please read this -  #Brexitvia @IrishTimes 
EU leaders prepare hardball #Brexit choice for May  
Perm sec at Department of Health at Brexit select committee, asked whether he can guarantee the supply of medicines in the event of no deal:"I never used words like guarantee." 
Brexit: Blair, Heseltine and Clegg urge EU leaders to extend article 50 to allow 2nd referendum - Politics live  
Hi @DavidDuguidMP Given that your constituents voted overwhelmingly for Brexit, will you pledge to back the #StandUp4Brexit campaign to reject #Chequers In favour of a Canada + deal?We and the people of #Banff & #Buchan would be delighted to see you pledge your support. 
#Brexit  Playing 5 by the Who one of the best  Pop Groups come out . Fantastic Roger Daltrey talking sense about Brexit.  Backing it instead usual bollocks from Bob Geldof & Bono rest of them boring pop stars. Baba O’ Riley my favourite record of all time magnificent record.  
Delingpole: Never Mind ‘Green GB Week’, Theresa. Where Is Our Brexit?   
So, it appears that some Labour MPs are worried that voting against Theresa May’s Brexit deal results in a No Deal Brexit. This can be averted if MPs mobilise and plan in advance. One would hope they are doing this already. Here is what I would suggest they do: /1 
Brexit will have a huge negative impact on the music industry and performing arts, which hugely rely on ability of musicians, bands, orchestras, crew and support staff, to travel and work freely across the EU, with their instruments, equipment and merchandise... 
“You have a dumbed-down public – and you can say the same thing about this country too." - Michael Moore on Brexit and Trump in my London interview with the Oscar winner  
Genuine question. Why is Ireland not having a referendum on reunification right now? 
I thought food prices were going up because of Brexit?"The Office for National Statistics said lower prices for food and non-alcoholic drinks had helped drive the fall."UK inflation falls to 2.4% in September -  
BREAKING: To all the undemocratic, bedwetting, crybaby Remoaners going on the #PeoplesVote march this Saturday at 12 noon, good luck, hope it pisses down.I have laid on some refreshments for you at Park Lane. Enjoy #SoreLosers #ILostMummy #NotFair #BooHoo #Meanies #Brexit  
The least helpful thing occurring in the mainstream media around Brexit right now:Each different correspondent, from Brussels to Downing Street is reporting the whispers of individual interest groups, from technical to political, in their own narrow bubble.It distorts truth. 
The trouble with the @BBC being the mouthpiece for pro #Brexit propaganda is that there's a generation or two out there that believe everything it reports. It's a bit like North Korean state media holding sway over their indoctrinated population. 
Macron announces “Ni tournant, ni changement” in his efforts to reconfigure the French economy. A Brexit no deal would make that difficult project even more difficult. 
‘My generation has grown up with 20 years of peace – our lives are transformed’ Grainne Mellon from @DerryGirlsAB explains why some people in Northern Ireland fear Brexit could damage the peace process.  
Vote Leave cheated, they deceived the nation into voting for Brexit. The issue was passed to the Met Police who have yet to do anything. MPs have now asked the Met if Government has asked them to 'soft pedal' the investigation as the results would delegitimise Brexit #Dodgy 
Have so called celebrities ever influenced your decision regarding Brexit? 
It’s official! @USTradeRep announces we intend to start trade negotiations with the UK as soon as possible after #Brexit.  
The idea that Labour could negotiate a better Brexit deal is simultaneously laughable & ridiculousI’d like to highlight the fact that the Labour front bench don’t even understand the basics of the EU, let alone the finer points of EU law, WTO trade law or even international law 
Only 7% of people in Ireland would vote to leave the EU if a referendum were held tomorrow, lowest share in the EU! Check out page 28 of  #irexit 
READ: Former PM Tony Blair, Deputy PM @nick_clegg & Deputy PM Michael Heseltine join together to share their support for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal saying "now is not the time to shut down options either for Britain or Europe":  
When nationalists raise the prospect of civil disobedience & even on occasions threaten a return of violence if they don’t get their way on Brexit, that’s fine. When a unionist plays them at their own game, all of a sudden it’s an outrage. Double standards neatly flushed out. 
The PM will have HALF AN HOUR with EU27 leader to discuss Brexit before their dinner tonight. A session that length is unprecedented in this process, I think.  
In case you missed it, Tánaiste @simoncoveney’s interview on @BBCr4today is essential listening #Brexit #r4today. Hear it here: 8.10 - 8.20 
New #Eurobarometer shows rise in public support across the EU.  Large majorities in favour of EU membership across all Member States. Brexit negotiations are boosting EU support in Europe. @Europarl_EN 
Former British Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Ministers, Blair, Heseltine & Clegg, warn of economic price Brexit will cause. The country needs to make a final decision only after knowing “all the relevant facts“, they write in a joint op-ed @welt #PeoplesVote 
Trump says he wants talks for a 'cutting edge' free trade deal with the UK to start immediately after Brexit  via @MailOnline @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may 
Hammond UNDERMINES Theresa May's Brexit plan - UK MUST pay EU divorce bill even if no deal Wonder what his cut is. The EU are very generous with the black money obtained from refusing to have their books audited.  
Blair, Heseltine and Clegg feature in newspapers in Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Poland and Belgium this morning, calling for “more time” to hold a second referendum.They’re nowt but a contemptible and failed elite that, like Brussels, has been rejected by the British people. 
Banners put up in Belfast early this morning ahead of the EU summit, calling on the British Government and their DUP accomplices to respect the majority remain vote in the north of Ireland. No Border No Brexit!!!  
‘He’s HOODWINKING the public’ - ex-MI6 chief ATTACKS Theresa May’s top Brexit negotiator  
Daniel's last two points are crucial: this issue is not about Brexit per se but about the EU itself. And for the EU, with its strong survival instinct, that takes precedence over relations with a soon-to-be third country. What a mess...  
EU and Britain are closer to a final Brexit deal than might be apparent from today’s #EUCO theatre 
Rich people won't be affected by Brexit. If you fly about in private jets you can think whatever bollocks you like 
Yesterday's post: There is a Brexit deal the country can live with, but the government cannot    Ignore the government's jargon, Brexit is straightforward. If checks on GB/NI border are ruled out, some form of Brexit in Name Only is the only deal possible. 
Anyone who says having a further vote on #Brexit is "undemocratic" doesn't understand (a) #Democracy & (b) what an Oxymoron is.Our Constitution places NO LIMIT on the number of votes we can have. NONE AT ALL. That's because #Democracy is a continuing process not a 1-off event. 
With just 3 days to go until the #PeoplesVoteMarch, will you ask your MP to march with us and demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal?  
Brexit: Blair, Clegg and Heseltine: We need another EU-Referendum  via @welt 
Did you know? The UK's GDP is about 17% of the total EU GDP, but we only contribute around 7% of the EU budget thanks to our exclusive rebate and other factors. So Brexit will affect the EU budget, but not as much as our economic standing would suggest at first glance... 
You are with respect a proud Belgium citizen (a nation I always enjoy visiting) but you should keep out of internal UK affairs and politics. We will decide this side of the Channel what we want to do through our own democratic avenues, thank you very much #Brexit #EU 
If a EU referendum was held tomorrow, how would you vote? Leave (% by country)3426232323201918171717161615151413121212111111109977Source: EurobarometerFieldwork: 09/2018  
Gross hypocrisy, even by Guardian standards. The paper that normally detects misogyny & bullying everywhere wants to retain it in Parliament so that Bercow's bias gets a chance to stop Brexit. 
The kind of scorched earth fight to the death approach to Brexit on show from some on both sides of the debate. Good for ideologues, not so good for the rest of us  
51% of UK citizens surveyed by @EurobarometerEU want to stay in the EU, which shows we need a sustainable & close future association. There is little appetite for a hard #Brexit, or no-deal. I hope the outcome of the negotiations will reflect this!  
This is @SadiqKhan saying he will be out Marching on Saturday for a second EU referendum...What about the Acid Attacks, The Grooming Gangs, the Migrant people traffickers, The Shootings, The Stabbings etc?!!!! @UKunityorg RT if you think he should get LOST! 
Yep. Friend of mine supports his family doing short-notice gigs all over Europe. They're frantic about brexit. 
"if members of the liberal policy elite had actually met real populists & had to engage with their ideas it’s possible that the liberal package might have been able to adapt rather better to its critics instead of facing the sudden shock of Brexit & Trump" 
Shocking that our public servants have been so poorly treated in the Brexit process. The well-being of all our citizens should be at the of everything  
I beliieve the UK has already lost two fine classical orchestras because of concerns about future touring problems and costs post-Brexit, with others weighing up their options. Perhaps @BBCr4today could interview these people rather than elderly rock stars? 
Brexit is a disaster and its only getting worse. The only way to break this deadlock is to put the options to the people. That's why I'm going on the march for a @peoplesvote_uk this Saturday in London. Park Lane at 12 noon: 
Trump's team begins formal procedure for initiating trade talks with Brexit Britain as US Trade Representative, Robert Lighthizer notifies Congress.This can only happen if we are outside of the Customs Union and in control of our own trade policy!  
This is @SadiqKhan saying he will be out Marching on Saturday for a second EU referendum...What about the Acid Attacks, The Grooming Gangs, the Migrant people traffickers, The Shootings, The Stabbings etc?!!!! @UnityNewsNet 
Formal talks begin the day "after it exits the European Union on March 29, 2019" #Brexit  
40. All respondents were enthusiastic at the deal, but only in the context of the benefits of a free trade agreement. The greater majority were negative about Brexit, and the sectors that did highlight genuine benefits seemed to be limited to Wine and Education. /End 
Hi Ben if you get a chance could you  perhaps ask government how Andy Wigmore a foreign diplomat was able to play such a major role in the EU referendum without censure. That's in direct contravention of the Vienna Convention and he seems to have got away with it. Thanks.  
Today 27 EU countries come together to review the state of the negotiations with the UK. #EUCO Discover the EU's response to #Brexit.  
Banners put up in Belfast early this morning calling on the British Government and their DUP accomplices to respect the majority remain vote in the north of Ireland. No Border No Brexit!!!  
37. In conclusion:The Commonwealth argument is a distraction. Australia has been part of a regional trade plan that dates back to 1994. Australia seem to see Brexit is good for their deal, bad for the UK, bad for their UK businesses, but good for their competitiveness in the EU 
John Humphrys displaying astonishingly slanted questioning regarding Ireland and Brexit on #r4Today. Basically, his line of questioning was that Ireland needs to compromise for Britain and that Boris Johnson is a man of the people. It’s time to replace him with @mrjamesob. 
Blair, Clegg and Heseltine: We need another EU-ReferendumEnglish version  of article in papers in Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Poland, Belgium and Switzerland in a bid for the EU to give Britain space and time for another EU referendum.  
Something that stands out to me about this front page is its attempt to discredit #PeoplesVote by claiming Brexit is the will of the people, not MPs.How much have we been consulted on Brexit since 24th June 2016? The Brexit we're on course for is solely the will of MPs.  
Cat on Brexit  
Brexit could be delayed beyond March to give extra time for a fresh referendum or another general election, a former EU official has claimed.  
Funny how 13:12 majority for #brexit is an unshakable 'will of the people', but 2:1 popular opposition to #fracking is 'mob rule' 
29. The Dental Associations of Australia and Britain submitting a request for regulatory alignment, stating that the risk of a Hard Brexit is that the red tape burden would increase over time.  
If the UK does renege on its previous agreement re the backstop it will be a No Deal Brexit. Doubtless the UK will then seek to trade on WTO terms. Which will require the imposition of a hard border with the Republic if Ireland, in contravention of the Good Friday Agreement. 
This bothers me. Was thinking about it in my sleep. Because of a nasty, frankly racist, constitutional referendum in the 1990s, a boy born in Ireland- who has lived all his life in Ireland- aged 9, is to be deported as foreign.We’ve seen this can be reversed. Help him, please.  
Oi @BBCr4today if you'd like an INFORMED opinion on Brexit from a musician, why not interview @Howard_Goodall instead?! I know countless classical musicians who normally have work booked in on the continent a year in advance but currently have NOTHING after March 2019.. 
22. It is considered that Brexit could see an upsurge of interest regarding UK migration to Australia. We would welcome the opportunity to work with the Federal Government to capitalise on this.  
Brexit represents the battle for FREEDOM against authoritarian Marxist tyranny, never forget why we really voted LEAVE. 
21. The UK is a competing migration destination. Brexit presents an opportunity to attract a greater number of high skilled talent and entrepreneurs from the UK, and to attract talent that may have headed to the UK before Brexit.  
'I'm leaving Britain because of Brexit'Sabine Voigt has lived in the UK for 17 years, and has a British partner - but has decided to return to Germany.  
Hammond tells cabinet under a WTO Brexit we will still pay Brussels the £36bn bill. How can Britain negotiate a good deal when our Chancellor wants to Remain in the EU?  
Corbyn opposed his own party at every step while a professional backbencher. He’s still at it. Backbench is best for him & us all. “Jeremy Corbyn facing claim he congratulated Leave campaign on 'good work' while publicly opposing Brexit - The Independent  
16. Brexit will most likely result in a reduction of outward trade and investment with the UK. SME’s in particular will divert or delay their commitments. FDI can be expected to be reduced or diverted. Firms will have to choose between the EU and the smaller UK market.  
Every failure of @BBCNews to train its journalists about how the EU works over the last 50 years have culminated in the current crisis of their reporting of the Brexit negotiations. It’s not so much conscious institutional bias as a failure to correct lazy ignorance & insularity 
I must say I was every bit as taken aback as @simoncoveney by John Humphries’ tone during parts of his interview on @BBCr4today. It was very much a case of “Ireland, know your place!” A tone all too familiar to us Scots #Brexit #FBPE 
From @DanielJHannan: The proposed Brexit terms represent a deal worse than either staying or leaving.  
Instead of repeatedly insisting he can get a better #Brexit deal than Theresa May, Corbyn should've spent the past two-and-a-half years explaining to his Leave voters why the 2016 referendum was unsafe & explaining that any form of Brexit will leave the UK permanently worse off. 
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney was  asked by John Humphrys on #r4today to respond to the views of Boris Johnson on Brexit / NI border.SC points out BJ isn’t even in the cabinet, adding: “You sounds like you’re speaking for him.”Bravo Simon. Bravo. 
That Irish politician on the radio seemed articulate and full of ideas on how to solve Brexit. Maybe the answer is to make Britain a colony of Ireland. I can't see anyone objecting. 
Excellent interview by @simoncoveney, putting John Humphrys @BBCr4today straight repeatedly on what the UK govt has already agreed to, in writing, on NI border issue. Why are so few UK politicians able to show similar level of expertise on #Brexit & its implications?  
Humphrys always brings his baggage to any Brexit iv on #r4today. But the one just now with @simoncoveney was an absolute corker eg saying Irish backstop no longer relevant as ‘we’ve moved on since March’. Don’t know how Coveney kept his temper. Highly recommended for a listen. 
John Humphries going full Brexit-tabloid in his 8:10 interview with RoI foreign minister Simon Coveney. No balance whatsoever, just juvenile insistence on UK exceptionalism. Even said Boris Johnson has to be appeased! Might as well have been Farage as interviewer #r4Today 
John Humphrys simply astonishingly bad on Ireland and Brexit on this morning's @BBCr4today  – not only would you not know NI voted 56% Remain from his questioning, but his basic approach seems to be it's RoI's responsibility to give the UK whatever it 'wants'. Retire! 
Roger Daltrey, rich, old, privileged, safe and comfortable, says #Brexit will be just fine for him. Well that's a relief, eh. I was so worried about how he would cope.  
Simon Coveney v impressive on #r4today - spelling out for John Humphreys the realities of Brexit for Ireland north and south, and particularly the responsibilities of the UK in that regard....and reminding him that Boris Johnson isn't actually a member of the government. 
"I'm afraid John, you're wrong," says @simoncoveney. Almost a guaranteed response to one of #johnhumphreys ill-judged, obtuse, factually-inaccurate questions on Brexit @BBCr4today. How much longer is he going to be allowed to be a presenter here? He's an insulting embarrassment. 
I also discuss in the @TheNewEuropean the FT’s disgraceful slur that by standing up for Northern Ireland & the Irish peace process, I am ‘making it harder for the UK to get a Brexit deal’  
@simoncoveney nails it: john humphrys sounds like he is speaking for @BorisJohnson#r4today #brexit #stopbrexit 
This is really important folks. Any friend of peace in Ireland owes it to them to support the Good Friday Agreement. I’m staggered that brexit charlatans are pretending this isn’t a serious issue.  
1. The UK has started the consultation process for the Australian trade agreement. Australia has already carried out some of this as part of an investigation into a future deal, Brexit, and UK trade in general. So, shall we see what they have to say about the UK and  Brexit?  
The current chaos is the inevitable consequence of the incompatible red lines of government Brexit policy. Now we're reaching crunch point. My latest Brexit Blog post:  
Chequers is not Brexit#ChuckChequersThe backstops break up the Union & keep us tied to the EU#BinTheBackstopWe voted to take back control. We demand that our elected representatives #StandUp4BrexitEmail your MP:  
Every MP that voted for A50 to be triggered before the UK knew how it was going to deal with the unique problem of the Irish border is culpable of putting the UK in the position it is now. It was like leaping off a bridge without checking the bungees cord was tied.#Brexit 
I'll be on London to march in support of a #PeoplesVote this weekend along with 100k others. Let those numbers sink in and accept that a new referendum is the will of the people  
Brexit Logic: Reduce poverty and fight disease by leaving the world’s largest development aid donor.FFS, the article even starts with:“When the world works together, we can achieve extraordinary things.”Yes, so work together, not unilaterally.  
Heard Roger Daltrey on #r4today. He says Brexit’s going to be fine for musicians - just a bit more paperwork. Can you ask him if he’ll help my harpist friend who, like many UK pro musicians, is losing EU work due to uncertainty. Now struggling to support her 2 kids @TheWho 
Unionism- mistrustful of the parent state, prepared to rebel. Nationalism - unsure unionism sees it as equal and welcome - prepared to secede. Brexit has brought us right back to pre-98 politics. 
For me to respect the result, the referendum should have respected the law 
It's great that we had a referendum about whether we should send £350m a week to the NHS, but haven't more important things now come up, like preventing food shortages and maintaining peace in Northern Ireland? Couldn't we have a referendum on all of that? No? 
Hugely poignant piece in today’s @IrishTimes about murder at a customs post on the border, a must read for those who dismiss these legitimate #Brexit concerns  
An ad hominem attack with no attempt or ability to refute Major’s actual points. Very Brexit.  
The government is mishandling  Brexit and it’s critical that London’s businesses have clarity about the implications for them. I’m working with the business community to help them get the resources and information they need to prepare. #LondonIsOpen 
To be clear: this is from today, I’m in a different timezone, hence it says 13:41. And I am not suggesting that such emails equal the really serious hate crimes reported. But it’s where it all begins and Brexit is consistently enabling and emboldening this BS. 2/ 
Home Office released its 2017/18 hate crime report, noting that “spikes in hate crime following certain events such as the EU Referendum” can be seen. Still, to this day, many claim this is all imagined. As imagined, I suppose, as the email that arrived in my inbox earlier. 1/  
“Brexit effect”: Public opinion survey shows growing appreciation for EU membership, reaching a record high of 68%.  
EU leaders won’t even consider trade deal with UK at Brexit summit this week because of talks collapse. Time to make it clear, no payment without a deal. Simply walk away..  
On train to Birmingham to chair @LimeCulture national conference for Independent Sexual Violence Advisors. Privilege to work with such dedicated professionals. Will dash back this afternoon for Brexit meetings & to vote against govt’s Universal Credit roll out. 
I say again, I do not have a problem with those that voted for #brexit based on the lies they were given. I have a problem with those that lied to them.   #FBPE #PeoplesMarch #PeolpesVote #MarchForMe #stopbrexit 
The anti-tax avoidance regulations are due to come into force the day after our Brexit date. The Government doesn't care about screwing over its citizens as long as the pockets of their buddies/spouses/own coats stay full.  
As good a reminder as any of the most overlooked Brexit issue - the thousands (millions?) of individuals and businesses across the UK and EU fearing for their future in a no-deal Brexit. It is time to put aside the blame game, ignore the purists, and reach a sensible deal. 1/  
Daily Mail keeps running pro-May articles on Brexit. The readers not having any of it in the comments below pieces  
What’s most disgraceful is Osborne saying the immigration “rhetoric” was too harsh. Doesn’t matter about the hate you cause, the people whose lives you destroy, it’s just “rhetoric”, just a game.And then it leads to Brexit and Trumpism and this:  
Poor Piers Morgan imploding on good morning this am.It isn’t a second referendum . We’ve never had a referendum in the deal . PS if it’s really the will of the people they decide when it’s done. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Jeremy Hunt claimed to have become a Brexiteer. Now he is playing the "accept fake Brexit or get no Brexit" game. What a poseur. 
Another day, another dose of stupid Remain spin. Why do the Brexit blockers continue to make false claims when they know Jacob Rees-Mogg is just going to throw them back in their face. Support us at  
Why didn’t you campaign to halt/pause/stop the first referendum, @nick_clegg? 
BREAKING EU chief negotiator Barnier has offered to extend Brexit transition by a year: diplomats  
'It's not a second vote, it's a first vote on the real facts' - Former Deputy Prime Minister @nick_clegg explains why he wants to see a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. For more, head here:  
Latest: If you're a Brit legally living & working in #Finland you'll have to reapply to stay here in the event of a #Brexit no deal scenario - and there's no guarantee your application will be approved.  
Do #PeoplesVote not realise having Nick Clegg and Tony Blair fronting their campaign is toxic? You won't change people's minds by using the blokes most famous for being liars! #Brexit #skynews 
You shouldn't have whipped up "genuine concerns" about forrins then. You shouldn't have given brexit a nod and a wink. You could have made the positive case for forrins - you still could - but you didn't and you won't.  
People’s Vote v Hard Brexit Now You What!!! Divided Brexit Britain   
Ex-MI6 chief ACCUSES MAY's top Brexit negotiator Olly Robbins of “covertly working to lock UK defence and security under EU control after Brexit”“It is by far the worst aspect of the Chequers deal and hitherto has not been made clear to the public” 
USAF demands a referendum on Cape Independence by way of petition to Cyril Ramaphosa  via @SATodayNews 
Ok huge ask. Lots of people have told me that they can’t march on Saturday and I’ve put their names on my banner. There are other ways to demonstrate against #Brexit Everyday @SODEMAction is outside Parliament. If you can’t march Saturday can you join him? Anyday? Please? 
Get rid of the pro EU speaker ahead of the flimsy 'meaningful vote'.Have the vote before MPs know if Article 50 can be stopped.Force the MET not to investigate fraud in the referendum.Whoever took back control with Brexit, it certainly wasn't the British people. 
Powerful @IrishTimes front page today on risks from #Brexit & reminder of the danger to life from a hard border - compulsory reading for politicians as EU leaders gather in Brussels for summit to try to crack the negotiations deadlock  
Thatcher on the £50 note? No thanks. The revisionism that got Churchill on the fiver was crass enough. Plus, with terrible Theresa fumbling #Brexit, we'll soon have the Tories in our pocket anyway #GTTO #JC4PM 
EU is safer for UK jobs? Only the ones they don't steal (and they've stolen many).JLR are going nowhere this year, they've too much invested lately, but this is a blatant attempt to undermine UK again.#Brexit = freedom from thieves.  
I will be on @BBCRadio4's Today programme about 8.40, giving my Thought For the Day about the inherent complexities and longer term implications of Brexit. Not really, talking about #Fortnite. 
More rewriting of history by Brexiters - Maastricht was a great deal for UK.  Not in single  currency, not in social chapter, but in single market.  It really was cake and eat it. We will be far worse off in short term after #Brexit  
BREXITNot satisfied with its utter contempt for British democracy & sovereignty, the EU aims to destroy the UK itself by dividing Northern Ireland from Britain. The EU is also seeking to cripple our trading future. And they have the nerve to tell us to be “constructive”.  
Death at a hard border: family of Monaghan lorry driver killed in worst IRA attack on a Northern Ireland customs office warn about the risk of #Brexit, politicians getting it wrong & their fears of a return to the Troubles - video & long read - @IrishTimes  
His time would be better spent critising his former colleagues for failing to investigate and report on Russian interference in the referendum campaign  
'Get OUT now!' Britons take to Downing Street to express ANGER at May's Brexit blueprint  
Memo to @Daily_Express Remain supporting editor and staff. The 17.4m are all people too though sadly 1.5m have died since the referendum. Those who are still with us deserve a say in whether this mess is what they voted for. And the young who have come of age deserve a vote too  
Just imagine Scotland losing the 2014 referendum, you'd now be enjoying 20 billion in cuts to government spending; the welfare state dismantled; rising taxation; 15,000 to 20,000 jobs lost; two largest industries decimated. It's a good job Scotland won that referendum.  
Disgusting attack in the Times by former MI6 chief Richard Dearlove on @theresa_may chief Brexit civil servant Olly Robbins. Officials are led by leaders. Not Robbins’ fault if she can’t unite her cabinet after two and a half years. Dearlove another one blinded by Brextremism 
Corbyn's dishonesty on Brexit, ie, he wants to leave the EU but pretends otherwise for political expediency, is now being exposed. 
Theresa May has made an 'unforgivable mistake' over Brexit which has weakened Britain, says former EU trade negotiator Miriam González Durántez.She talks to @julieetchitv in the first episode of our brand new series  #AskAWomanITV - watch here:  
Barnier open to possibility of one-year extension to Brexit transition - FT - ReutersNo thanks, we are leaving.Your #FourthReich is crumbling around you.You might manipulate our politicians but we Brits WILL have our independence  
Religious hate crimes have surged by 40% in England and Wales, according to new figures released by the UK government. The figures show crimes spiked after the Brexit vote and 2017 terrorist attacks.  
On day of the #Brexit part of the #EUCO ex-PM Tony Blair, ex-Deputy PM @nick_clegg & ex-Deputy PM, writing in 7 continental European papers to keep the door for the UK to have a #PeoplesVote - English language version available here:  @peoplesvote_uk 
John Major on Brexit: "What is new is that much of the world will now perceive Britain to be a middle-sized, middle-ranking nation that is no longer super-charged by its alliances. Suddenly, the world will be a little chillier."  
“David Davis was Brexit secretary. You’d have thought if he had some brilliant solution he might have produced it while actually in office, rather than waiting until now to jump out from behind the sofa and shout “surprise”  @Dannythefink 
#AboutRaslimaliKenya The referendum will ensure revenue maximization and adequacy in every county, marginalized counties will benefit alot  
There's a worrying parallel between the current stage of the Brexit negotiations and the run-up to the referendum (via @bopinion) 
It's not all about Brexit. It's also about bullying, harassment and sexual harassment.Ask yourself whether you want to be the person who turns a blind eye towards the experiences of victims because it's expedient to you?  
Chris, I voted for Brexit. But crime is crime. 
Praying also for #EU leaders and the meeting tonight and tomorrow about #Brexit. 
Wa Iria is pushing for a referendum aimed at establishing a framework for sharing natural resources between counties and the national government.   #AboutRaslimaliKenya 
Do we have 326 MPs willing to put country first and stand up to Brexit? Back #peoplesote #OptionToRemain force Government to hold a vote. How can any MP deny people the vote? that is dictatorship #DayOfReckoning 
This ⁦@hopenothate⁩ study, based on 6 years of polling/focus groups makes sobering reading, showing major chasms in UK society on geographic fault lines, closely associated with age & areas of socio-economic deprivation.Brexit won’t bring a solution.  
Pro pappuss and against Brexit on @GMB in a mo. Predictably @toryboypierce is Brextremist and anti pappuss, particularly European baby carriers 
Front page of Wednesday's @IrishTimes should be put on the constituency office wall of every UK MP. #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
"You Brits seem to think that you're the most important thing in the world, actually you're not." Brilliant answer from German journalist @sebastianborger to @BBCGaryR question on whether #Brexit was weighing heavily on Angela Merkel?  #bbcgms 
As we near #losersmarch what unites Major/Campbell-a sneering condescension towards millions who voted #Brexit Major denied the UK a people's vote on #Maastricht which so speeded up the conveyor belt for countries to lose sovereignty and be lost in a federal superstate. #Brexit  
James Dyson: No-deal Brexit 'will not change anything' | City A.M.  
John Major on Brexit: "Those who persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer will never be forgiven"  
Labour’s Margaret Beckett lets cat out of bag by saying JohnBercow should stay as ‘brexit trumps bad behaviour’ . Bullied women take note 
A senior Treasury department official warned that a hard Brexit could hurt global financial stability  
Another early morning flight to Brussels to meet the leaders of our sister parties @PES_PSE from across Europe. Pressing the case, again, for our interests to be protected in the #Brexit negotiations.  
"We need new facts," says EU Council President Tusk."Oh no you don't," says the #Brexit Facts4EU team.A must-read :  
Brexit according to Monty Python. VG  
Listen to 2 minutes on critical details missing in this flawed #StackedDeck in a #RiggedGame referendum! #BCpoli 
'EU funds' = British taxpayers money. Sent to Brussels. Some returned after they take 50% cut and tell us how to spend it.Viva Brexit!@euromove 
Last spring 68% of Swedes were positive towards Sweden's EU membership, now 77%. Negative impact of Brexit on UK is one reason for Swedes' growing support for EU, expert says. Source: Sifo, SVT Nyheter 
This election is a referendum on decency. 
The fight for Paul Ryan’s House seat in Wisconsin is a study in contrasts, both ideological and personal. It’s also a referendum on the retiring speaker, @russellberman reports: 
So it is 6.30 in Brussels and 5.30 in London and I already spoke about backstop to the backstop. Looking forward to what today will bring #brussels #brexit 
MPs throw weight behind fresh Brexit referendum as hundreds of thousands prepare for major demonstration in London | The Independent  
.@RichardJSpencer has reported that #UAE has accused UK academic #MatthewHedges of spying for M16. Inevitable result of "deals deals deals" approach to UK's Gulf policy dating back to 2012, exacerbated by #Brexit. Strong and stable? Weak and downtrodden.  
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth. Those who deceived a population into voting to be weaker and poorer, will never be forgiven.  
Blair, Clegg, Heseltine: UK needs a Referendum to make a final decision only after knowing all the relevant facts. EU won’t capitulate on the principles of the Single Market and give Britain access without abiding by its rules. Say No to blindfold Brexit  
I’m British, but I’ve made choices based on my rights as a European. Up to now I’ve assumed that Brexit wouldn’t happen because it makes no sense at all. Alas, I must now face the fact that my nation is going to go off the cliff - and I must look to different paths ahead... 
When the only solution left is to carry an empty folder around and look busy.Brexit doesn't work.#StopBrexit (Photograph: Leon Neal/Getty Images) 
Meanwhile mass support  for Brexit holds mass protest outside downing street.  
Jeez Louise, people. Was anyone firing Housley Saturday? It’s an 82-game season. Why does Twitter insist on making every game a referendum on the coach? Chill pill time.  
The problem is not the Irish border.The problem is Brexit.#StopBrexit 
UK lets down business with lack of Brexit advice  
#Brexit will weaken Europe, isolate Britain and fuel global tensions  
Jeremy Hunt is siding with potential Cabinet rebels opposing a Brexit deal that would leave Britain “locked in” to the European Union  
A maths question for @bbc:If a dozen ‘Save Brexit’ protesters get 20 seconds on the 10 o’clock News, how much airtime does #PeopleVoteMarch on Saturday get? (Don’t forget to show your working out). 
EU to ask UK for ‘concrete proposals’ to end Brexit impasse  
@RonaldKlain excellent feedback on Last Word tonight. This is referendum on Trump his treatment of women. Out here we have Jessica Morse running against 10 yr term McClintok.Also yes it is also a referendum on Ryan and McConnell. Thank you you nailed it just missed zinger 
'Get OUT now!' Britons take to Downing Street to express ANGER at May's Brexit blueprint  
Unlike the DUP who’s only listened to their paramilitary masters, Sinn Fein has listened to local businesses and those effected the most by the #Brexit disaster Carla’s Party has shoved down our throats. All cos they think Brexit creates a wedge between the North and Republic.  
Trump said last week that the midterms are a referendum on him. But then today, Trump said that if the Republicans lose the midterms, it won't be his fault.The kind of guy you'd want to be in a foxhole with, huh?  
Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party props up British Prime Minister Theresa May's government. Now, it's threatening to bring it down over Brexit. @YasmeenSerhan reports: 
What Bruno Macaes appreciates like few others: Brexit is not simply a legal or logical problem which can be “solved” by identifying an impossible conundrum and saying ‘aha!’ It is a fundamentally political dispute whose solution necessarily entails breaking the settled order.  
@EOS_Canada has taken the lead in writing the code that drives the referendum system that is being proposed for the #EOS mainnet. As such, we wanted to put out a post to highlight how we got here and what has been done.#BuiltOnEOS #VoteEOS $EOS 
The referendum on #MexicoCity's new #airport provides a test as to how far #LopezObrador wishes to stray from normal institutional channels to enforce his populist campaign promises. 
Brexit: 'Expectations low' as PM heads to Brussels  
Straightforward from here:1. Convert Will, Kate, and kids to Catholicism2. Will and heirs abdicate role in succession3. Harry inherits4. Heir to throne is dual American-UK citizen5. UK and colonies reunited upon Harry's death6. Brexit crisis resolved  
Britain falls to eighth place in WEF global competitiveness indexUK drops two places as World Economic Forum warns Brexit holds risk of further decline 
Thank you to all the volunteers that joined us tonight to talk to neighbors about my re-election campaign and our referendum to #LiftTheBan on rent control. This is a people-powered movement to take on the rich and powerful special interests and put our working families first! 
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator is now open to a one-year extension to the Brexit transition  
Labour are desperate to keep John Bercow in place. He is a staunch Remainer who may yet hold the balance of power in Brexit. It seems he is is also a closet leftie, a key Labour ally. The report condemns him and says he's must go, he should go.   
And post brexit...  
Are you aware Johnson is to be prosecuted over the £350 million claim on the brexit bus?   If you want more information, this is the guy behind it: @MarcusJBall 
Jeremy Corbyn is facing an explosive claim that he congratulated the Leave campaign on its work during the referendum, saying: “Good on you, keep up the good work".  
For those saying "we've wanted out since 1975". There's no evidence that the "Will of the People" shifted significantly towards leaving since 1975. But with Brexit, it'll be literally against the will of 2016 voters by 2021. Before Brexit is even complete. 
Barnier sees December “ultimate deadline” for #Brexit deal: source  
Denied Remain lied.Then misquoted Liam Fox (ie: lie). Liam Fox didn't say "Brexit will be the easiest thing in human history". He said "a free-trade agreement that Britain will ultimately have to negotiate with the EU *should* be the easiest FTA in the history of man-kind."  
@AllieRenison @DavidHenigUK “because you need a break from Brexit” Please support our campaign to get British Muslim Noor Inayat Khan on new £50 note. The 1st woman operator to be infiltrated into enemy occupied France during WW2. A heroine to ALL  
You proved my point. Liam Fox didn't say "Brexit will be the easiest thing in human history". He said "a free-trade agreement that Britain will ultimately have to negotiate with the EU *should* be the easiest FTA in the history of man-kind."Thanks for confirming Remain lies!  
FFS!  So Daddy Johnson is just as ignorant & offensive as his progeny #Boris.  #StanleyJohnson #Brexit  
Thanks to @DeputyJBecker for assisting @BSCSD community residents in filling out the exit survey from tonight’s Phase III project referendum. Thanks to all including @DeputyLyons who came out to vote! @BSCSD_ODA #BSCSD 
“It will damage our national and personal wealth, and may seriously hamper our future security. It may even, over time, break up our United Kingdom. It will most definitely limit the prospects of our young.” #Brexit  
This is a *very* good thread about exactly what Brexit is going to mean for Britain. It notes that right up until the final hour, a Prime Minister could avoid the whole, unholy mess by unilaterally revoking the triggering of Article 50.  
Just paused on the fact that economy is £40bn smaller now than it was expected to be before Brexit vote. This is a lot of money - NHS promised £20.5bn in 5 years time. Think what we could have done across public services as a whole with £40bn.  
Now who is telling the #FakeNews and which country is meddling in #Macedonia's internal affairs?‘Disappointed’ US wants Macedonia to approve name change despite failed referendum — RT World News  
John Major speech in full: Ex-PM warns Brexiters they 'will never be forgotten - or forgiven'Former Tory Prime Minister said Brexiteers “persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer”Brexit must be stopped. #StopBrexit. #PeoplesVote. 
John Major displaying the wisdom & eloquence we need:Brexit is a "colossal misjudgment that will diminish both the UK & the EU.. damage our national & personal wealth & may seriously hamper our future security. It may even .. break up our United Kingdom"  
I used to be so vocal on twitter in my contempt for trump and Brexit. Now, after taking a long break from twitter and just returning, both subjects just float over me in a glaze of #idontgiveafuckanymoreness 
‘Disappointed’ US wants Macedonia to approve name change despite failed referendum  
We are sadly missing real leadership as this man showed along with Albert Reynolds in the early nineties John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth | Opinion | The Guardian  
With the peaceful #PeoplesVoteMarch approaching, we are fortunate to have been asked to share the following. We've been told to make clear it is not a #Brexit song - more a tale of the shitstorm of lies & fake news that has led the UK to this point: 
Man, if you think Brexit twitter is insane you have never used social media for debate and research when it comes to Ukraine, Turkey or Russia 
@davidallengreen is of course right: if HMG reneges on the backstop it previously agreed this may well lead to a no deal Brexit, considerable economic damage to Member States including Ireland, and the very hard border the backstop was designed to avoid. 
Batteries will be as essential to the 21st century motor industry as the combustion engine in the 20th. The European Battery Alliance establishes the EU as the lead player in battery innovation and manufacturing.So yet another loss for Brexit Britain  
We’ve already had two people votes Sadiq: the referendum then the GE when 80% voted to leave the SM and the CU.... you’re another part of the losers vote..... just accept you lost, outvoted? Get over it & Believe in Britain 
Since now it’s suddenly become very popular to say the EU mismanaged the Brexit negotiation, while for two years I was one of very few people saying it, here is for the last time what I think the EU did wrong: 
How can voting undermine democracy ? Denying a vote is how you undermine democracy. And I don't know what the lies are that you refer to. Give us some specific quotes like 'Brexit will be the easiest thing in human history' Liam Fox 
Kevin Falcon op-ed says electoral referendum is "flawed beyond repair" with no transparency. Unlike in 2009, accompanying maps will NOT be included to demonstrate negative impact of "rural representation" in #ProRep system #bcpoli #NoBCProRep #FPTP 
WTF is an "ultra-Remainer" someone who doesn't accept the 50m Brits who didn't vote for Brexit being dragged out of the EU based on a ref won by stirring up race hate & criminality? Any comments on IFS figures today saying UK economy is 2% smaller bc of Brexit. #MagicalThinking 
Right, just out of interest and absolutely no getting angry or shitty about it, pick an option that sums up your take on Brexit.  Did you vote... 
Let’s not forget Theresa May is first British prime minister to spend £ millions of YOUR money employing an army of QCs to fight to hide key documents from YOUR MP, to conceal the damage of Brexit. If that’s increased sovereignty, I’m Taylor Swift 
RTÉ News understands that EU and UK negotiators are considering the idea of extending the two-year Brexit transition by one year to provide more time to develop a temporary customs arrangement between the EU and UK. 
A postal strike could have a profound impact on the PR referendum and the mail in ballots. @ElectionsBC could decide to extend the deadline for ballots to be returned. #BCpoli 
Finally, ESPN is no longer talking about Angela Merkel, Brexit, and the Kavanaugh hearings and finally sticking to sports. That's the reason for this big rating. Has nothing to do with a competitive, last-second game and marketing around one of the great QBs of his era.  
This (genuine) comment just appeared on our Facebook page:"I don't care if I was deceived, I don't care if I am badly informed. My vote is still leave. Get used to it."#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
That bloody referendum we don’t talk about as much as the others, where we took citizenship from people born in Ireland. Not our finest hour. 
Brexiteers responsible for persuading the British to leave the EU will never be forgiven for their “false promises”, Sir John Major warns.He described the 2016 referendum vote as a “colossal misjudgement” that would leave the country poorer and weaker. 
This is #BrexitGate. Please give it a name. Then all of this scandal, crime and chicanery can be condensed into one word. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
“We’re the Cabinet - what on earth makes you think we decide stuff? We’re not at the abyss yet. We will be by next month though, and that will start focussing minds”. One Cabinet minister, on today’s fresh helping of Brexit fudge. 
No. Respect the 49.2m people who did not vote for Brexit.Respect the 53%+ majority who would now vote to #Remain.Respect those who have seen through the lies and changed their mind, and those still to do so.Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch and let the people decide to #Remain. 
.@aliceTTimes on Major article “Many of the people who voted for Brexit, who voted for a ‘better Britain’ -the people who felt dislocated from London and ‘the elites’- are the very people who are going to be really hard hit by Brexit. They were the ones sold the lies.” #Newsnight 
BREXIT: Devon council votes in favour of 'People's Vote' on Brexit deal /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Scottish Power 100% renewable energy........Until an independence referendum date is announced and then the media will report the wind is running out! 
Rees-Mogg is getting flustered and letting his true personality slip out from under the mask of upper-crust gentility. And what we see is no gentleman, but rather a low crawling thing of gutter politics spitting out petty malice, bile and venom.#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Translation:This Saturday I’m going to be seen by people from every corner of our Country that don’t actually despise me, or for the purpose of the protest they’ll at least try to disguise it. Using my position as Dictator of London I will be DEMANDING a Second Referendum.  
Most of us aren’t politicians, Seán, but by God we stepped up for the children’s rights referendum, for marriage equality and for #repealedThe8th. You’ve had a good old lie-down for seven years and you’re using #Aras18 as therapy. #TonightVMT 
DON'T LET HIM FOOL YOU AGAINLet’s forget the misconceptions, tribal politics and smears and look at the facts.  Corbyn’s Labour party = Brexit because Corbyn wants out of the EU.  
“On the table as Michel Barnier has said is an offer unavailable to any other region in Europe. It is the best of both worlds, we would have frictionless trade both with the EU and with Britain” .@newbelfast speaking about Brexit on #VFS tonight 
Late night in my office, prepping for ‘Politics of #EU’ lectures & what do I find? An entire book dedicated to Britain’s struggle/dedication to JOIN the EEC. Britain was rejected twice before joining, because De Gaulle believed they showed a distinct ‘lack of commitment’. #Brexit  
Extraordinary how Remainer MPs dump their abuse-concerns against Speaker #JohnBercow over #HoCBullying of Parliament staff in pursuit of their own anti-Brexit agenda #Sickening 
he ex-PM says the Brexit vote was a "colossal misjudgement" before denouncing Tory Leavers' "vote-gathering fantasies".#PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Tory brexit plans  
The Irish people don’t get to tell the British people how we Brexit. The party seeking a hard border is the EU - tell little Leo to have a word with them.  
The EU referendum was contaminated by Russian meddling, online psychological manipulation, racist lies, and massive breaches of election spending rules.It was a fraud on the nation.I do not respect the result, nor will I ever accept it.#PeoplesVote#newsnight @lbc #r4today 
Wednesday's Express: "Respect the 17.4 million who voted Brexit" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis) 
John Major is right, Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg are more likely to win this year's #GBBO than be trusted with Brexit or governing the UK. The only people who seem to like them are xenophobic idiots who equate pomposity with intelligence. In another era they'd be flogged 
#Newsnight reporting that Attorney General Geoffrey Cox is to produce a legal opinion on Brexit deal. Legal opinions by Attorney Generals always go so well don’t they? 
I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth  
The UK has a real psychological problem with Brexit, they continually talk in WW2 terms as if we are at war with the EU. The EU brought peace to Europe, we are out of step, not them. We voted to leave, not them. We need to stop being superior. We just aren’t. 
Arlene Foster re #Brexit: "you can not separate out part of a nation from the rest of that nation".Arlene, do you mean the British partition of the Irish nation?I hope Mr Barnier said: get your head out of your arse & stop looking a gift-horse in the mouth - accept our backstop  
Save Brexit? Why?... Is it... drowning in a sea of impossible promises?  
No-one forced the Tories to have a referendum without a White PaperOr to not have a planOr sign a deal to keep the Irish border open for goodOr leave by March 29Or to set red linesOr to not have cross-party co-operationSo the Tories can stop acting like victims. 
Retweet if you're a Tory voter, member or otherwise who won't vote for ANY Tory if #Brexit ends up as #BRINO 
I am so disgusted by this House of Commons shower of bastards. How is sexual harassment and bullying a bloody Brexit issue? IT ISNT 
Tomorrow, remember that every problem with Brexit stems from the refusal of 26% of the UK population to accept freedom of movement for EU workers. Everything we have, everything we've known, is being destroyed and made so much worse because of their xenophobia.It's that simple.  
Brexit saves Bercow...  
Major: "We know the post-Brexit world will be very different from now. It cannot be otherwise, because no form of Brexit will remotely match up to the promises made by the Leave campaign...: they were vote-gathering fantasies, not serious politics"  
Corbyn facing claim he congratulated Leave campaign on 'good work' while publicly opposing Brexit  
Likewise. Big U Unionist to small u to no u at all. I think a united new Ireland is a worthwhile project - a challenge - but a better endeavour than being a perpetual dingleberry on the arse of Brexit England. We have more in common on this island. Let's do it. 
Thank you for the free advertising (and motivation)! No wonder we can’t negotiate a good Brexit deal with you numpties in the ascendancy ! #PeoplesVote 
Well, I have a personal message for all those who belong to the European Research Group (#ERG) and it goes like this... Pedicabo ego vos omnes!#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #OFOC #EndTheChaos #PeoplesVoteMarch 
I have huge respect for @Conservatives MPs. It's important that in the decisions they make in the next few weeks on #Brexit and the party leadership, they know precisely why we are where we are #truthtopower 
Man the tax haven life boats! #Brexit #EU #ATAD 
Scottish Secretary David Mundell:I will  resign over Brexit.Resign, I tell you.I'm warning you. I will resignI'm serious, about resigning.I really mean it. I do.No, of course I won't resign. I never said I would. 
Has he forgotten that he said we couldn’t have a referendum on the Maastricht Treaty because he had ‘given his word’ to the EU that it would be adopted? 
Letters to the Editor: A second referendum is the only democratic option at this point  
...imperatives bring too great a risk of a no-deal Brexit 
I think the Tories Secretly want a no deal Brexit. Think about the emergency powers they could enact. Think about the opportunities that would bring to the wrong hands. 
Don’t miss this!! Brexit – Taking Custody of the Child – How to Deal with Northern Ireland after Brexit – Kilkenomics Festival  
Brexit triggers 87% drop in European nurses registering to work in UK. Not helpful when you already have a desperate shortage of 40,000 nurses. The Gov’t has a cunning plan though, scrap the nurses bursary & cause a one third drop in nursing applicants  
‘Theresa May has reneged on her Brexit promises at every turn – that’s why we need to march for a Final Say on Saturday’  
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth  
Apparently Anna Soubrey MP wants a ‘People’s Vote’. This is how her own constituency voted in the Referendum.  
After 2 years of failed negotiations, Britain is heading for a dog’s dinner of Brexit, a million miles from the one people who campaigned for Brexit were promised. The only way to fix the Brexit mess is a #PeoplesVote March with us this Saturday:  
What will never be forgiven or forgotten will be selling the UK to the EU by forcing through Maastricht without a referendum.John Major damaged the country and destroyed the Party. The rebels who fought him have been vindicated.#StandUp4Brexit #brexit 
Sorry, what? UK mechanism to resolve the deadlock ‘not fully formed’? The referendum was 26 months ago. The summit to sign off the deal is tomorrow. A government of such unprecedented incompetence should resign in disgrace  
Just leave this hereTory GovtNat Debt: FAILAAA rating: FAILHuman Rights: FAILHousing: FAILNHS: FAILEdu: FAILImmigration: FAILDefence: FAILSecurity: FAILPolicing & Fire: FAILLocal Services: FAILPensions: FAILLiving Stds: FAILBrexit: FAIL#GTTO⁠ ⁠#ChangeIsComing 
John Major: Brexit a ‘colossal misjudgment’ that could break-up UK  
I have no idea why it has taken so long for someone to write a thread on why prices will go down rather than up under WTO rules (so called "no deal" #Brexit) but it is long overdue and essential reading for anyone interested in the facts not fiction.  
EXPRESS: Respect the 17.4 million who voted Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
I am frankly rather relieved that we haven't got an Alexander the Great to cut the Gordian Knot of Brexit negotiations. A rather generous view of Alexander to see him as a "creative leader', as D Tusk calls him (if so we need fewer creative leaders?) 
... Jacob Rees-Mogg joked about how glad the Government whips would be to see such close DUP/Tory co-operation. Sammy Wilson made a short speech and stressed that the DUP is - like the ERG - against the UK being kept in a customs union after #Brexit. 2/2 
German car industry faces 'existential threat' from political attack and electric vehicles. Brexit No Deal will hit All German 800k sales per year! 
This discredited serial liar is at it again: 'Britain will face £36 billion Brexit bill if it fails to agree a trade deal with EU, Chancellor warns MPs'  via @Telegraph 
Tusk comments that the Brexit backstop issue is a Gordian note is very odd. He's essentially admitting that the EU is asking for something impossible.So it's rather odd to then demand that it is solved by the summit tomorrow. 
NEW DUP Brexit spokesman Sammy Wilson was invited to the weekly meeting of the European Research of Tory MPs tonight and he was hailed like a hero, 60-70 Tory MPs and peers present. Deafening desk banging and applause. "He looked slightly embarrassed," says an observer. 1/2 
Of course he had a ‘right go’ at youHe’s a working man & you’re a condescending luvvie intent on subverting democracy in BritainYou’re like the rest of the preaching, self righteous, virtue signalling ‘celebrities’ increasing support for #Brexit 
Is Hillary Secretly Being Paid To Disparage Brexit?  @HillaryClinton @BillClinton @ClintonFdn @ChelseaClinton #HillaryClinton #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation #Hillary @CRNC @GOP @DRUDGE_REPORT @BreitbartNews 
A senior Treasury department official warned that a hard Brexit could hurt global financial stability  
BREAK: @FT "Barnier has said he is open to the possibility of a one-year extension to #Brexit transition in return for Theresa May accepting a “two-tier” backstop to avoid a border in Northern Ireland, according to EU diplomats". 
Of course they’ll do deals after brexit that’s economy. We  always have, long before the EU and long after it happens that’s the world  
UK needs to listen up as ‘Colossal misjudgment’: John Major delivers devastating Brexit speech  @morningireland @BBCgmu @BreakfastNT @campbellclaret @BorderIrish @BelfastAgmt @TodaySOR 
And the next Centrist muppet who says "I can't support Labour anymore because they refuse to give us a People's Vote on Brexit" needs to give themselves a slap and a cold shower and realise that this is far, far worse than they can possibly imagine. 
Sack May and put in Boris to save Brexit. (Gerald Warner for Reaction @reactionlife) 
Autumn  is here and I’ve just remembered I have to save for a house sooner than later otherwise my mum is going to release me to the Brexit jungle. Everytime I wear this it’s a reminder that I need to stop spending money. Pre-order yours now at  
Mrs May is now PRINO – Prime Minister in Name Only!How can she talk for so long without saying anything?Truly, a PRINO skill, some might say her only skill !To chunter verbiage like some demonically possessed printer!Where's the Off button!#Brexit #EU 
Unemployment drops by 47,000 and wages increase in Brexit Britain  
 This way to #Brexit   
A terrible deal, or no deal at all is not what was promised during the referendum campaign. This Saturday, 20 October, I’m joining people from every corner of the country in London for the People's Vote March for the Future to demand that the people get the final say on Brexit.  
It was not the will of the people to have Theresa May waste 2 years getting bullied by hard Brexiter Tory MPs & the DUP; produce an unworkable Chequers plan; and cause the UK to hurtle towards a disastrous no deal Brexit.This shambles is the will of nobody except Theresa May. 
Philip Hammond told Cabinet ministers the UK would be unlikely to win any legal battle to withhold large chunks of the Brexit bill and could end up paying £36bn 
The Roman 'Brexit': how life in Britain changed after 409AD  via @ConversationUK 
University and college staff overwhelmingly back calls for referendum on final Brexit deal  
Red Brexit or Blue Brexit#Labour  or Tory, same #brexit.Same Policy of Leaving EU Single Market that wil kill jobs!Fight to #Remain join or support the #LibDems #FinalSay 
#Grieve represents the @BeaconsfieldCCA constituency who voted #Leave - his change of position says it all from ' I do not wish to deny brexit delivery' to now supporting a 'people's vote' - the man is a charlatan  
Good to welcome leading London businesses tonight to City Hall to discuss how despite the chaos and uncertainty caused by Brexit, City Hall will always lead from the front to ensure #LondonIsOpen to business, investment & talent from around the world. 
DC city council just repealed a voter referendum raising the minimum wage for tipped workers. This is the Democratic version of disenfranchising voters. They don't take away the right to vote, they just disconnect voting from policy.  
Germany has demanded Theresa May “take responsibility” in a sign the economic superpower is losing patience over Brexit  
Do you want a new referendum on the Brexit deal? Join the march in London this Saturday  
Despite Brexit uncertainty, our city remains open to business, investment and talent from around the world. Tonight I met with London businesses at City Hall, talking about how we can help them prepare. #LondonIsOpen 
The Northern Irish, the Gibraltarians, the Falkland Islanders, all the other poor sods in the British Overseas Territories, all abandoned by May and her Brexit-maniacs for the sake of xenophobic Nationalism.What a monumental betrayal of our best friends 
Brexiters, whether from the left or right, must be willing to punish any MP that speaks in support of the EU. If your MP wants a second referendum, single market or customs union, don't vote for the scoundrel. Make your voice heard and withdraw your vote. 
The state of this tweet. The care home has been owned by a different company since 2016 & they clearly state that it's closing due to difficulties recruiting qualified nursing staff due to Brexit. The NHS cannot fill 100k vacancies. Get a grip! Me & my bloody facts, eh? @JuliaHB1 
John Major is doing what elder statesemen & women should do - speaking the truth, honestly & clearly, at a time of grave national crisis.Can his voice cut through the lies & false promises that have led us to the brink of disaster?#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Most of the students at QUB had no say in the Brexit referendum Come join us tomorrow to stand up for rights Our generation and those to follow us deserve better A hard Brexit or any Brexit at all contradicts the Good Friday Agreement and contradicts human rights on this island  
This is a must read must RT of the denouement/duplicity of the inner circle of the Appeaser and the the Treasury under Hammond.This is by the Chief of staff of David Davis when Brexit Minister.It puts House of Cards to shame.The Appeaser has planned all along to keep us in CU.  
Fastest Wage Growth in a Decade Despite Brexit  
John Major says Brexiteers will answer for false promises on Brexit - F*k off & live in Europe u knobhead!  
A graphic chart by @instituteforgov that showcases the scale and magnitude of what the government has to do to prepare for a no deal Brexit.164 days to go until Brexit...the clock is ticking...  
We have to stop letting the media turn people who did profound damage to Britain into the "elder statesman,Cincinnatus." Brexit is a bad idea but just as bad is returning to the mire of neo liberalism. It's time for a new deal for Britain. #johnmajor 
Nissan delays pay talks with UK workers until terms of Brexit made clearer  
#Brexit was never going to be easy. The EU is a ruthless oligarchy determined to punish us for daring to vote Leave. But May's capitulations have made its job that much easier. Her cowardice has put British democracy in peril, writes @Tom_Slater_ 
Respect for Margaret Beckett, she knows that something stinks about Brexiteers wanting Bercow to resign. Of course its all about their precious Brexit!!  
John Major may be right about Brexit but don’t hail him as a great politician or ‘good’ Tory, he closed 31 pits in 1 day throwing thousands of miners on the scrap heap,lost billions over Black Wednesday & advocated family values while shagging Edwina Currie behind his wife’s back 
Whilst a failing govt keep all distracted by squabbling over Brexit based on lies, the NHS..42,000 nurses short11,500 Drs downstaff leaving ++facing winter/fluhosptls at bed capacityHold to account those who caused this tragedy. 
SNP Foreign Affairs spokesperson @StephenGethins tells @BBCNews from day one the UK government’s Brexit negotiations have been dominated by a Tory civil war - a Tory civil war that threatens to take the rest of us over the cliff edge as well #BrexitShambles 
Barnier open to extending Brexit transition by a year  
Just in: The EU's chief Brexit negotiator is now open to a one-year extension to the Brexit transition  
Nigel Farage: What Mrs May says & what she does are 2 completely different things!Frankly I view her as being MOST dishonest PM I have ever seen!We want a Clean #BrexitLeave #EU = Leave Customs Union + Leave Single MarketThat's what she has to deliver! 
The only colossal misjudgement I can see is your election by the Leave-voting people of Totnes under the impression you were going to respect the Referendum result.You going to show your principles and resign? Stand for reelection as an Independent Remainer... #Principles 
Brexit was predicted in Waiting for Godot: ‘nothing happens, nobody comes, nobody goes, it’s awful.’ 
Not silly? Spain cuts diplomatic ties with Flanders of Belgium after parliamentary speaker criticised Spanish ‘repression’ after #Catalan independence referendum. 
Brexit not invent yet, so just lead all tribe into pointless random tar pit of dumb fib stink for now. 
John Major is calling for another referendum, presumably because his side lost the last one. Sorry John, you said it yourself, that was it. Maybe you could try sleeping with a minister? Oh, wait... Support us at  
John Major’s hard-hitting, passionate Brexit speech is the speech Theresa May *should* have given. The time for a brutal dose of reality is now.  
Good to see you are condemning hate speech in other parts of the world. Will you have the decency to retract and apologise for the appalling comments you made equating the armed rebellion of the UVF in 1913 to what the DUP should be doing today on Brexit?  
John Major has been dipping his toe into #Brexit again.Why would we be listening to this clown?Last time he was in charge, he turned a healthy Conservative majority into an electoral massacre. 
#BREAKING A disorderly Brexit could harm US economy, Fed's Powell says  
Hearing that Sammy Wilson, the DUP's Brexit spokesman, went to the ERG's meeting this evening where he was 'cheered to the rafters' by 40 Eurosceptic Tory MPsNot overly reassuring for No 10... 
Hi. The UK government is homophobic & racist. Brexit is a way for rich Etonians to drive this country into ruin for their own monetary gain. Russia meddled in our democracy. Conservatives are sowing the seeds for ever more corruption. Climate change is bad and the sun says hi. x  
Original take on #Brexit from @andreajenkyns. Apparently the EU has been holding us back in the fight against malaria... 
In my local Nepalese restaurant, sitting opposite my Greek Cyp husband with a lovely Romanian couple sat next to us. God, I love diversity. Fuck Brexit. 
Funny to watch all the Brexit types attack John Major for being irrelevant and past it but not one actually argues why the UK will be better off post Brexit 
Outrageous for John Major to call for a second referendum, doubly so to claim that Leave campaigners "deceived" voters. Has he forgotten what he said before the referendum?  
“They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer.”[John Major]#Brexit 
I've spent all my life working in the dirty end of British industry (well North of London). On Saturday I will be losing my overtime to march against #BrexitHow on earth I've suddenly become elite I'll never know. It hasn't removed the cuts or the callouses from my hands! 
I honestly have no time for the people who blame #Corbyn for #Brexit we know its nothing to do with him and we know you aren't that stupid to blame him for it either which means you are being disingenuous and I honestly can not stand disingenuous people 
Leaving aside the merits of a second referendum, it’s uncomfortable that councils (which have their own jobs to do running services and looking after their wards) are expending energy trying to tell MPs what to do...  
New musicians 'won’t have the chances that we had' after Brexit, warns 'Brimful of Asha' star  
Perhaps, along with not being forgiven, @BorisJohnson & @michaelgove may be investigated & if appropriate held accountable for any part played in the cheating, misinformation & breaking of Electoral Law by pro-Leave groups that underlined the Brexit referendum.  
May needs to Brexit now on WTO rules. Sort out income tax, benefits, council tax, business tax & stamp duty. Stop foreign aid, disaster relief only. Scrap HS2 & the house of Lords. Stop NHS waste to fund social care. Care for elderly &  more apprenticeships, look after workers. 
"While some have suggested that Irish Republicans are using Brexit to campaign for a united Ireland, the simple truth is that they don’t have to. Foster’s DUP and May’s Conservatives are doing that just fine on their own" 
This is why the Brexit bullies are now bullying the Speaker of the House of Commons  
The impact of Brexit on music, by the man behind our @RemainiacsCast tune 
Crackpot Labour H&F Council calling on me to either back a second EU referendum or resign & cause a by-election....Honestly guys, have you shown this to any of your Labour MP or Council colleagues outside of London?  
We heard all this before the referendum and said no to the EU. These remoaners are like Jehovah's witnesses combined with injury lawyers combined with double glazing salesmen, they just don't give up, even after we have said no many times. 
I don't want a People's Vote at all. I really want our politicians to stop this Brexit idiocy in its tracks without going to the people at all.Brexit will make us poorer in our pockets and poorer in our hearts. 
Nigel Farage stoops to a new low, telling an audience full of Irish migrants in London that Brexit was comparable to their country’s fight for independence from British control  
I guess one of the biggest lies of the EU referendum was Tory MP's standing in front of the bus pledging more money to the NHS while at the same time privatising it and planning to hand it over to the US private healthcare industry in a future trade deal. 
Major was a disastrous PM who’s insistence on driving through the Maastricht Treaty without a referendum is largely responsible for this clusterfuck. He was so bad Tories were out  for 13 years. He ‘s a vile man 
NEWS! Finalised Brexit deal immediately shreds itself in frame  
Striking that Theresa May's first choice for the job of negotiating Brexit apparently didn’t know what a customs union was, or that the EU was one 
The election is just three weeks away, remember that we aren't just voting for candidates, but on multiple referendum for our public schools! Vote yes twice for kids!  
On the subject of Brexit Mr Campbell wear blinkers all day and fills his ears with cotton wool to prevent him hearing alternate views! 
Memo to Theresa May: Your Chequers plan is not what we voted for. It is not the Brexit we were promised. In the unlikely event you get it in place, you will find that the battle for a proper Brexit starts all over again. 
Ford U-turn: no-deal Brexit could force carmaker to reconsider UK plans. Change of heart comes as AstraZeneca and Nissan also sound alarm about Brexit | Business | The Guardian  
BREXIT: Brexit will transform UK into 'middle-sized, middle-ranking nation', says John Major /#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The operator of Britain's biggest car plant has warned of "serious implications" for industry if no Brexit deal is reached  
Cornershop's @TjinderSingh - 1 in 8 albums bought in the world are British music. Brexit puts this at risk. 
I think it’s fair to say David Davis’s attempt at negotiating Brexit went about as well as his attempt at threading his tweets 
Unemployment Down By 50,000 Despite Brexit  
Quite interesting, if Ireland (EU), and Northern Ireland (non EU) can have an open border after Brexit, why would an independent Scotland (EU) have a hard border with England (non EU)? 
Remainers, we are winning this. Ironically, the DUP and the barking mad Brexiters of the Conservative party are helping us. They're pushing events toward No Deal, and without a deal what is the choice? No Deal, which neither Parliament nor the country will accept, or...No Brexit. 
There's not much room for ambiguity or debate abt this. In Dec-2017 the EU agreed to a UK-wide backstop. Now it says a UK-wide backstop is unacceptable. So the EU has reneged on the Dec-2017 deal. It's as simple as that, & that's why the Brexit talks have broken down. 
The British Parliament will vote against the latest proposal for Brexit because it risks tying the U.K. into the bloc’s trade rules forever, Prime Minister Theresa May’s Cabinet was told  
It has been abundantly clear from the outset that the Irish Gov along with pan-nationalism (SF/SDLP/Alliance) have sought to use Brexit to launch a covert land grab of NI. I don’t know why anyone is surprised, they are no friends of the union.  
The People’s Vote March For The Future will be the most important protest of our generation  Join thousands to demand a vote on the final Brexit deal THIS SATURDAY:  #PeoplesVote 
Great stuff from John Major on Brexit.  
Brexit will transform UK into 'middle-sized, middle-ranking nation', says Sir John Major  
Brexit a ‘colossal misjudgment’ that could break-up UK, Major warns  
Excuse me @theresa_may @Number10press shouldn't you be asking the people if we are happy paying for all and sundry? Appears we were betrayed by Heath entering EU and you have betrayed us signing the Marrakech agreement & also feels you are betraying us with brexit  
After watching the BBC Scotland news, I have came to the conclusion that the Rest and be Thankful being closed is more of a national crisis than the no-deal Brexit we are careering blindly toward. 
Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir help ⁦⁦@YYCGames2026⁩ pitch the ⁦@Olympics⁩ to a large crowd in Calgary. #yyc #yesorno #Referendum  
1. The EU will not call a November summit until there is meaningful /decisive progress in Brexit talks led by Michel Barnier. 
How the EU sees the Brexit impasse - a few points from talking to people today in Luxembourg. 
And Theresa May, Olly Robbins, the PM's sycophants and number 10 are all implicated in this first hand account of how the Remainer-dominated establishment plotted to sabotage Brexit at every turn  
Never before in Britain’s history, has such a huge opportunity, voted for by so many, been abjectly squandered by so few. May, Robbins and their remain chums have totally betrayed Brexit.  
Nicola Sturgeon nailed her Brexit speech, and the Express is not happyBy @BSFGreen #Brexit #RSABrexit 
Brexit will produce an independent Scotland within the EU ... flourishing as a bridge between Scandinavia and Ireland ... with England getting poorer and poorer to the south.That's the reality of Brexit.The end of the UK and GB  
A Customs Union limits our ability to do global free trade deals which is the golden prize of #Brexit. We voted to be global not insulated inside the EU jail 
Stewart Jackson: Mendacity, duplicity, subterfuge and misjudgement. How I saw an establishment coup wreck a clean Brexit. | Conservative HomeBrutal take down of May and her #BRINO 
And here’s @mrharrycole again! At a private dinner with hard Brexit think tank (unreported) And is that his old flat mate now editor of City AM? These heroic journalists really do fight for the public interest in the face of secretive cliques! @shahmiruk @carolecadwalla 
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit. I’m free to tell you the truth. They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker and poorer. That will never be forgotten – nor forgiven. 
This is what you get when a referendum is fought and won on an anti-immigrant platform.Is this REALLY who we want to be?Let's be a bit more British about this, eh?  
Former U.K. PM John Major rips into Brexit hardliners  
"I have no constituency vote clouding my view of Brexit. I have no ambition driving my support for it." Nor do I: I simply want to be free to sack those who make the laws by which I am governed. That is all.  
Major a SLEAZER and blood sucker, takes backhanders from EU to slag off #Brexit.  No PM has sunk so low says journo.  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #BorisJohnson #Brexit  
John Major claims he has made no false promises on Brexit. That’s wrong though isn’t it? Didn’t he promise to respect the referendum result? 
And #Brexit will make us more dependent on the Saudis. Weakening our ties with European democracies and having to grovel for business at the feet of brutal regimes - is this what we want for our country? #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Gesture politics latest: H&F Labour Councillors voting tomorrow to censure me for opposing a Second Referendum. They say the first UK Council to do so. Guys - I led the Chelsea & Fulham ‘Stronger In’ campaign, which almost none of you joined. Where were you when we needed you? 
Bercow will probably survive. He is an arch Remainer and Labour want him there for the final Brexit debates. Not as a neutral Speaker of course. 
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth  
Major refused to hold a referendum on Maastricht and drove it through the Commons linked to a confidence motion. His Premiership led the Conservative Party to its worst defeat for 90 years. 
Yet another masterful blog both seeing the big picture irreconcilable and contradictory axioms of HMG sunlit upland & 'orderly Brexit' and a wonderful drill down to reality as it unfolds as a sad Brexit shambles. I've been a seermonger along with Chris in predicting this debacle!  
I’ve written to the Times for tomorrow expressing astonishment that the head of the civil service suggests (in letter today) that officials should be above criticism over Brexit. They have a right not to work on policies that fundamentally jeopardise the state, like Brexit 
We know the post-Brexit world will be very different from now. It cannot be otherwise, because no form of Brexit will remotely match up to the promises made by the leave campaign in the referendum: they were vote-gathering fantasies, not serious politics. 
Like father like son. Boris Johnson's dad! “Whether there is a hard or soft border, the Irish will still shoot each other”  pic.twitter.com/JI6pNNkOiG - #Brexit #GTTO 
More than 60% of businesses are preparing to move research and development facilities and teams out of Britain, poll suggests 
A Conservative govt led by a PM who is unable or unwilling to deliver the Brexit we voted for.A speaker mired in bullying allegations being defended by "moderate" Labour MPs.A Marxist Labour leadership prepared to do anything to win power.Politics, 2018. Pass me the revolver. 
From today's @FinancialTimes It's about #Brexit again I'm afraid and the #IrishBorder 
Watch out for lazy reporting of today's hate crime figures (as in @EveningStandard) that makes no distinction between increase in reporting and actual increase in harassment. Latter almost certainly declining, there's no post-Brexit rise in bigotry. See  
Apart from this being deeply insulting to victims, it's rubbish to say a change of Speaker would disrupt Brexit and that someone "less experienced" wouldn't know what to do. A lot of experience among existing deputy speakers.  
.⁦@SteveBakerHW⁩ replies to Sir John Major’s coruscating attack on the leaders of the Brexit campaign pic.twitter.com/TkE9wycBOH 
"Theresa May is in partnership with the DUP who have wrecked the government in the North of Ireland and who can wreck her government here in England as well in Britain"@PaulMaskeyMP from @sinnfeinireland joins us tomorrow on RT UK at 9.30PM!#Brexit  
Delingpole: Never Mind ‘Green GB Week’, Theresa. Where Is Our Brexit?   
I met today with young people from all parts of the UK who will be marching on Saturday for their future - and for all our futures. I’ll be with them and I would urge you all to join us too and demand a #PeoplesVote on  #Brexit:  
Matt on Brexit - political cartoon gallery in London  
With great group of young people from Northern Ireland campaigning for a people’s vote to stop Brexit @ofocni 
I started noticing this about a year ago. It’s remarkable how clued up and engaged Irish public discourse on Brexit is compared to the UK  
Private Eye confirms Guardian story of how hard Brexit thinktank Institute of Economic Affairs headed by @MarkJLittlewood is setting up access between ministers & post-Brexit lobbyists. The IEA is a charity and breaking charity commission rules because its purpose is political  
My latest on @RT_com on #Brexit #Ireland #TheresaMay #Corbyn #EU 
“I believe those who promised what will never be delivered will have much to answer for. They persuaded a deceived population to vote to be weaker & poorer. That will never be forgotten – nor forgiven.” John Major on Brexit & the diminishing of our nation.  
“Brexiteers fought for 43 years for Brexit During that time we saw powers handed to Brussels,EU treaties forced on us with no votes,UK fishing waters given away & borders opened to millions.Oust May to save Brexit & everything we fought for Brexiteers make a leadership challenge”  
"Brexit will damage our national and personal wealth, and may seriously hamper our future security.  It may even, over time, break up our United Kingdom"Strong words from John Major. 
Tomorrow @LBHF will be the first UK council to vote on censuring their MP (@GregHands) for his damaging Brexit position. It's at odds with his constituents. If he won't change, he must call a by-election so people can be properly represented on this historic issue #PeoplesVote 
Instead of having a vote to put one person in a massive mansion, wouldn't it be better to be voting on a referendum to put 4000 children into modest homes? 
#Brexit Britain is a country governed by psychopathic greed, lies, bigotry, hate, political cowardice and ignorance. And it is the will to reverse that debasement of our society which drives most pro-EU activists, not economics. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
The #LosersVote march on Saturday against Brexit (via @RichardOsborne2) 
Now Remain MPs want to overturn the result of an independent inquiry because they think it will help them overturn the result of the referendum. Not a good look for Parliament. 
Cabinet Ministers must stand up for our United Kingdom and chuck Chequers. It's now vital that we rally together to make sure our voices are heard.Join our Save Brexit Tour in Gateshead on 19 Oct: Or in Harrogate on 20 Oct:  
BREXIT: Speech In Full - John Major warns Brexiteers they will never be forgiven /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
In Dublin for past 2 days people are nearly plagued with ads asking them are they "Brexit-ready?" Businesses all over Ireland are prepping as much as they can. Back in the UK .... barely a whisper for what to do with 100s of technical notices dropped into the Friday news-bin. 
Sir John Major delivering at the Michael Quinlan Lecture says: “no form of Brexit will remotely match up to the promises made by the Leave Campaign in the referendum:  they were vote-gathering fantasies, not serious politics." 
‘Colossal misjudgment’ - Sir John Major delivers devastating Brexit speech  
Former PM John Major says of Brexit tonight  “I believe those who promised what will never be delivered will have much to answer for." #PeoplesVote 
John Major: I have made no false promises on Brexit – I’m free to tell you the truth  
Quick, while the leave voters are not looking, lets sneak in a poll.My polls under bot attack both showed over 61% are pro Brexit. Lets try and beat them this time. Lets at leas aim for over 50% pro Remain. #FPBE #PeoplesVote #JC4PM 
IF THERE IS NO AGREEMENT TO LEAVE THE EU THEN #Brexit MUST BE STOPPED!has HAS BEEN SLOW TODAY despite passing 71,000 SIGNATURES !!!WE NEED another 29,000 signatures in JUST 32 DAYS for a Parliamentary debate.Please SIGN & please REPEATEDLY ReTWEET!! 
The PM has chaired a Cabinet meeting today after resignations over her Brexit deal were put on halt. Last night's now infamous rebel 'pizza summit' led by Andrea Leadsom reportedly concluded that there's still concern over the deal, but not enough to take the PM out. Toothless? 
WATCH: "I'm marching for a #PeoplesVote because I value being part of the EU".   Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future this Saturday, October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
If we don't stop Brexit, we'll have years and years more of wasted time and wasted money - not to mention bitterness & division.  We need to mend this country & Brexit will prevent that. This is our last chance.  Please, please march on Saturday. Everyone counts@peoplesvote_uk pic.twitter.com/sgiekAy4jy 
Leave Means Leave parked their ad van outside People's Vote HQ today, and we thought that it was only right to greet it with #PeoplesVote placards.If YOU want a say on the Brexit deal and your future, join the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday.Info / RSVP:  
Reminder:What should have happened after the advisory referendum? MPs should have had a debate on whether to follow the advice, or #RemainInTheEU, and made the decision.Instead, they just sat there collecting their pay and expenses, and let May walk all over our democracy. 
James Dyson: No-deal Brexit 'will not change anything'  via @CityAM 
Surely as @wallaceme has pointed out your position on #bercow should be based on assessment of the report by dame Laura cox. That’s the issue. Not Brexit. Otherwise you’re saying it doesn’t matter re bullying etc because he’s a good speaker in other areas.  
Information is a critical part of democracy. In 2016 voters could have no idea of what the final deal would be like, or even if there would be a deal. The information available was perhaps suitable to a vote to initiate Brexit, but not to complete it.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
EU leaders prepare hardball Brexit summit choice for May  
Why it’s right to criticise Civil Servants and Olly Robbins.1/Leaking of documents throughout negotiations2/Undermining of DD when Brexit Secretary.3/£20k bonus for what?4/ Shown as anti Brexit.5/Not following orders of Electorate.6/Poor negotiating7/No ‘No Deal’ Prep.  
Much lively discussion at our #Brexitometer in #Redruth today. Few felt #Brexit was going well, would be good for jobs or the NHS. Almost no-one trusted Westminster to replace lost EU funding.And the majority we spoke to in this Leave-voting area now support a #PeoplesVote. 
#NoDeal#quote"The impact of a no-deal Brexit on the British economy wd be minimal..Open Europe's new report finds that even with tariffs on EU trade in a No Deal scenario, British GDP wd be around 30 per cent LARGER by 2030 than it is today."Bring it on. 
Farage booed as he compares Brexit to Ireland’s independence fight  
EU27 ministers reviewed the state of the #Brexit negotiations and prepared #EUCO (Article 50).Find out more:  
Another Mafia style threat. Anything to protect the gravy train even if it means making its citizens poorer. That's irrelevant to the unelected bureauprats.EU leaders won’t even consider trade deal with UK at Brexit summit this week 
The good news in latest hate crime figures is that reporting is going up but actual harassment is going down (according to crime survey) ie the common narrative of post-Brexit bigoted Britain is not true. See this from Richard Norrie and me  
The threats are coming thick and fast. Time to stand firm.EU axes trade talk to punish May for impasse in Brexit negotiations  
Lads, if there's a hard Brexit and we end up with a fuckload of Irish cheese barricaded into the country, we should all do a Night Of Patriotic Cheese Eating dedicated the dream of peace in Europe. Also, it'd sort the Cholesterol Tablet Mountain that we'll have in Ringaskiddy. 
Ireland, RED C poll:Unification with Northern Ireland ReferendumTotal Yes for Unification: 61% (nc)SF (LEFT): 85% (+4)FF (ALDE): 69% (+7)FG (EPP): 53% (-2)+/- with March 2017Sample Size: 1,000Field Work: Fall 2018#Brexit #Ireland #UnitedIreland pic.twitter.com/RtsrtPJFIr 
James Dyson believes in the United Kingdom. We have nothing to fear from a World Trade Brexit! 
Indeed, the Dublin prospectus specifically warned about the negative impact of a no-deal Brexit, conflicting with Rees-Mogg's claims about it:  
Britain in the 21st Century- won't sack a Speaker who bullies staff- won't sack a Prime Minister who bullies her cabinet- won't sack an Opposition Leader who bullies Jews- won't jail war criminals who bomb whole nations- will ignore a referendum because "voters are stupid" 
The Tory Right - Let's push the British people off the no-deal economic cliff so while the plebs suffer we and our cronies and super-rich patrons can make a shed load of money through an orgy of disaster-capitalism & revel in a glorious #Brexit tax haven.#PeoplesVote 
What has the EU done in YOUR area. Tap in your postcode and see.What an AMAZING resource. Shame we didn't know this before the advisory referendum. Tell everyone in YOUR area what the EU has done for them. Lets blitz twitter.  
The EU is not a foreign power. It is us & our friends. We know that leaving will harm the UK & countries in the EU27, our friends. NoDeal Brexit, Canada +, Chequers are all EU - - -. The majority want a #PeoplesVote .Let’s make sure everyone knows - #PeoplesVoteMarch . 
Foreign investors can use BITs to sue over Brexit @InFactsOrg 
You should not be promoting this from the Mayor of London account. What about all those Londoners who support Brexit? @BorisJohnson never used the official account to support leave, and you shouldn’t be doing it to support remain. 
Although improvements in reporting will have had an effect, this is deeply concerning and the latest in a trend since the Brexit vote of an increase in hate crimes in the UK, especially against Muslims. We need concrete action, especially online.  
“#Brexit news: Tusk demands UK deliver 'concrete proposals' for December“The #UK have been playing lapdog to the #EU throughout this. How much more? 
Much as I loathe bullying, I can't help but smell a rat about this House of Commons report. What a convenient moment to ditch Bercow, who would stand up for a meaningful vote in Parliament, & elect an Opposition MP to hobble one more Labour vote when Brexit is on a knife edge. 
To get her #brexit deal through @HouseofCommons May needs:1. The EU to accept her backsliding on the backstop agreement. 2. UK MPs to be scared into accepting the deal for fear of a no deal. The first isn't going to happen. The second shouldn't. 
This mess and dishonesty of the Govt’s handling of #Brexit has got to stop.It is time the people were given an opportunity to pass their judgement with a final say on the deal, including the opportunity to remain.#ExitFromBrexit#PeoplesVote 
The *great* thing about #Brexit is not only can you promise lots of amazing stuff you can't possibly deliver... ...You also get to blame everyone else when it goes wrong!  
1/ Dear @eucopresident,With #Brexit divorce talks stalling it is now high time to look after #The5Million children of the EU - the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK & 1.2m @BritishInEurope  
Nicola Sturgeon nailed her Brexit speech, and the Express is not happyBy @BSFGreen #Brexit #RSABrexit 
How will @theresa_may reassure Brexit backstop is temporary? Government source: “can’t be limited by a fixed date, but might be capable of limitation by reference to a formula or a test to establish redundancy”.  
Michel Barnier says #brexit withdrawal deal must preclude hard border |  
This shows the chances of a successful Brexit  
Did we vote for skills shortages in 2016? #NHS now facing serious staffing gaps, as recruitment for our #health service plummets by 21% across Europe. #Construction facing even starker shortfalls, with a drop of twice that. Time to #EndTheChaos! #Brexit 
December 13th?!The government have had over 2 years to negotiate Brexit and now it’s getting pushed back even further. Yet more ineptitude and procrastination from a government that is continually playing for time because they have absolutely no idea on their Brexit strategy.  
Are The Clintons Secretly Making BIG Speaking Fees To Attack BREXIT? - Lunch Alert!  @HillaryClinton @BillClinton @ClintonFdn @ChelseaClinton #HillaryClinton #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation #Hillary @CRNC @GOP 
Good and important step by @michaelgove.  We’ll look at how to deliver fair funding for farmers across  after Brexit So we can support our world class agricultural industry in the best way Read more from @DefraGovUK 
1.2 million people did not vote, said no, or boycotted the referendum - this is a clear message to any MP, regardless of what party, that they cannot pass constitutional changes on the #Macedonia name. @usembassymkd @AmbBaily 
In today’s ⁦@standardnews⁩ - Warhorse author Michael Morpurgo warns ahead of the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday that a People’s Vote is necessary on Brexit  
The Met will not investigate Russian interference in the referendum campaign. “International bodies and states cannot commit criminal offences” under electoral legislation. That's a loophole big enough to drive a tank through. Not that they needed to.  
**VOTE & RETWEET POLL**#Brexit or #StopBrexit? 
Pathetic stuff from Labour Remoaners today, protecting bully Bercow's position as Speaker because of his anti-Brexit views. Clearly you only support anti-bullying campaigns and women's rights when politically convenient, @EmilyThornberry, @RhonddaBryant, @BenPBradshaw?  
An updated version of my summary of Brexit proposals being discussed variously in the UK. Thanks for the huge amount of feedback, much of which remains to be incorporated.  
WATCH: Michael Morpurgo, writer of War Horse, on why he's backing a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.Join us at our #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday:  
"Brexit will hurt our country for generations to come. What’s more, democracy is not one vote, one time. When the situation changes, people have the right to change their minds. So gather your family & friends, and demand a People’s Vote this Saturday."  
In #Europe we trust, HM @campaignforleo? Tell us again about the night of the bank guarantee...#JonathanSugarman#Brexit #Ireland #EU #EuroZone 
What i don't understand is why #Article50 was issued before our government had a clue what to do about the Irish border. #Brexit 
Given its timing with @theresa_may's return from the European Summit, you will not want to miss this Save Brexit rally in Gateshead!Some tickets still available here   
Gosh. Uncompromising words from @BrexitStewart but from everything I’ve heard about Team May’s behaviour during the days/weeks before Chequers... not unfair words. All so sad for party, country and for the squandering of the reset opportunity that #Brexit should have been  
Songs of Brexit? Anyone?1. The Backstop Boys.2. Talking Heads - Slippery People"Backsliding, how do you do, these slippery people going to see you through. 
"Brexit preppers" are people who fear chaos in March, when Britain will leave the European Union. They have started stockpiling supplies.  
‘Let the Irish shoot each other’ - UK’s Brexit backers reach a new lowLike father like son! It seems Stanley Johnson is just as crass as Boris.  pic.twitter.com/LvUt5BmF5j 
 Jeremy, you still don’t get it, do you? There’s no such thing as a good Brexit deal.  
and this "so-called centrist" has been actively, even aggressively, answering those questions for years. Yes. Yes. Yes. and Yes. Those are as much my ideas as yours. None of those are affordable after Brexit. That's why I campaign to stop Brexit. That's why I'm angry you don't.  
John Bercow's exit feels like it has been going on for as long as the actual Brexit 
Good! ‘Brexit could be DELAYED for SECOND vote' Former EU official issues Brexit deal WARNING - Express  
Theresa May has made an 'unforgivable mistake' over Brexit, says former EU trade negotiator Miriam González Durántez.The founder of @Inspiringgirlsf talks to @julieetchitv in the first episode of her new series of #AskAWomanITV interviews - watch here:  
The Mail letters page: where they’re all about that positive, forward thinking, optimistic vision of Brexit Britain shaking off restrictions and embracing opportunities across the whole world. Only kidding, they’re dusting off their tin hats and jonesing for some powdered egg.  
Five ACTUAL things we did not know about when we voted for Brexit:> The EU immigration crisis> The USA declaring a trade war on the EU> Italy, Hungary, Czech Rep, Austria & Poland falling out with the EU> Italy's imminent economic demise> The euro's imminent demise#Brexit 
@acgrayling @SandraDunn1955 @remain_central @spaceangel1964 @BrexitBin @BritishInEurope #StopBrexitSaveBritain @GuitarMoog @lunaperla @cirian75@fish_in_a_hat @mikegalsworthy No Deal is NOT an option. STOP BREXITPlease SIGN and RT this petition  
The sheer contempt with which the EU is treating the UK is reason enough to #leave.#Brexit 
If he had a shred of personal honour, David Cameron would today be speaking up in public for the need to implement properly the result of the EU referendum that he set up and made promises about. 
Best part of the Blasphemy referendum: that we’re specifically keeping the constitutional crimes of sedition and indecency, both thoroughly twenty-first century crimes for this new Ireland.  
"A cross-party group of 77 parliamentarians have written to the police demanding to know whether the Government has intervened to “soft-pedal” an investigation into the Vote Leave campaign over alleged law-breaking during the Brexit referendum."  
How about you instead spend the time reducing London's knife crime epidemic, or avoiding yet another Tube strike, since that's your job?Brexit is not.  
Am seeing a lot of messages from Leave voters who regret their vote, saying they 'don't even know why' they voted Leave.There, if you like, is the power of the psy-ops campaigns on social media, pushing out a Brexit message that caused people to act purely on impulse. 
Are you still backing Brexit by the way? I can't keep up. If so Lexiteers need to ask themselves three questions. Why are they enabling a hard right Tory agenda? Why are they helping Arron Banks? And why are they doing something that will harm the poorest in society 
If, as seems likely, the Conservative government totally betrays Brexit then Conservative Brexiteers have some big decisions to make. Why would they ever wish to ask people to vote Conservative again? 
From @eucopresident“Unfortunately, the report on the state of the negotiations that I got from Michel Barnier today, as well as yesterday's debate in the House of Commons, give me no grounds for optimism before tomorrow's European Council on Brexit.” 
EU diplomat says tomorrow's much anticipated Brexit dinner will be a damp squib after talks stalled on Sunday. Predicts it won't run too late because 'there's nothing to talk about'. Adds: 'It's not our decision - the ball's in May's court now. I can't see many options left.' 
Nadine Dorries MP - "Nothing Remainers try to do to stall this or to kick this into the long grass or call for second referendum – it will happen."Brexit will happen and the sooner they realise that the better.”  
#PeoplesVote is really about giving MPs a ladder to climb down. In a true democracy, after the referendum, Parliament would have called for impact analysis & an inquiry into lies, illegality & corruption. They are too cowardly to stop Brexit, though it's their job, so we must  
The only thing to rival the British state's management of the Brexit process for clueless misjudgment, serial self-contradiction, distain for detail and complexity and a laughably misplaced self-confidence has been the British media's reporting of it. 
The face you make when you call an unnecessary election, lose your majority, trigger article 50 too quickly, waste 2 years of negotiation time, rustle up an unworkable plan for Brexit, get trapped by a bunch of Ulster Unionists and hard Brexiteers...and still blame everyone else.  
Our advert in today’s @EveningStandard. Don’t miss the biggest Brexit march ever this Saturday. It’s gonna be epic.  
The HIGH Court says that the people did NOT vote to approve Harris' abortion bill - just as did the Referendum Commission. More than 3000 shares on this article - SHARE to grow the truth and demand amendments to Harris' cruel bill.  
PREVIEW  Watch a teaser for our documentary ‘Young people’s referendum’ - it’s about exploring how young people are the key to unlocking the independence we desire. Make sure to follow us for updates  “I think young people are our biggest asset” - @NicolaSturgeon 
Brexit statement cancelled this week. Nov meeting "may also be off". No-deal Brexit becoming more of a reality. It's time for UK Gov  & @EU_Commission to do the sensible thing: separate #citizensrights from the rest of negotiations to protect #The5Million 
Senator @nealerichmond challenges @RossThomson_MP on the UK now objecting to the Irish Backstop they agreed in Dec. His reply? “The gov’t made a mistake”. Then @lfnand SHREDS him on hijacking the referendum mandate to impose his own extreme version on it. Glorious.  
My forward to the important new @OpenEurope research on the potential costs of a No Deal Brexit.  
We'd love some Brexiteers to come along to this event in Chelmsford.  Please come and ask the questions that Brexit leaders lied about. 
Great to meet today with Doire, Aron and Tara-Grace of @OFOCNI . These are the young people of Northern Ireland who will be most affected by Brexit. That’s why their call for a #PeoplesVote must be heeded. 
Whether you voted Leave or Remain, no one voted for this mess. March with us on Saturday to give control of Brexit back to the public and campaign for a People's Vote on the final deal.  
Nigel Farage - “Labour no longer has any desire for this country to be able to make its own trade deals - we’ll have them done on our behalf by the EU.“There are 5 million Labour voters who as we speak are being betrayed, and it’s time we told them how wrong that is." #Brexit  
Stewart Jackson MP - "You did a fantastic job, Gina Miller, you did a public service, because it established Parliament had to evoke article 50 and it did it in emphatic, massive numbers. "And that’s what you have to accept." #Brexit  
With 26 EU Foreign Ministers in Luxembourg with @HMcEntee at GAC debate on #BREXIT. Absolute solidarity from all with @MichelBarnier and IRE on need for a legally operable backstop in the WA, a backstop that must apply “unless and until” another solution is found. @BrendanHowlin 
Religious hate crimes have surged by 40% in England and Wales, according to new figures released by the UK government. The figures show crimes spiked after the Brexit vote and 2017 terrorist attacks.  
“No grounds for optimism” says Tusk on Brexit talks...  
If @theresa_may doesn't trade us away we've a big future for fishing.”With herring the heart of Lowestoft’s fishing for hundreds years, region will gain around 36,000 tonnes of herring alone, worth an estimated £135m with Brexit.Fair allocations vital 
Backstop policy loop. 3 options. No escape 1. Agree NI-only backstop in exit treaty. Aim to avoid with UK-EU deal post-Brexit2. Buy time: longer UK transition (SM/CU or CU only) to make option 1 realistic3. Scrap NI backstop, agree principles (won't fly, return to opt 1) 
A hard border will severely interrupt over 5,000 students who commute across the border for their university studies. Brexit is bad for education. #BrexitAndEducation 
Do You Understand Brexit? The British Government Would Like To Talk To You  
Earlier this month I joined @FFSake_ in Hull for a People's Vote rally with a simple message. We came to different answers in the Brexit vote, but Streatham and Hull share the same problems. We cannot allow hate-mongers like Nigel Farage or Boris Johnson to divide us.  
John Redwood MP - "The deal on offer from the EU is completely unacceptable. It doesn’t take back control of our laws, our money and our borders."It delays our exit and charges us a huge bill for that privilege." #Brexit  
Together, we can make the top tweets about #brexit become #remain tweets, week in, week out.  As #remain ers - it is a choice that we have now, one of the few that we do have.  9/9 #PeoplesVoteMarch #stopbrexit #FBPE 
A brief reminder of how Cambridge Analyta used kneejerk tactics to get #remain to spread #leave  views in the referendum - & how that was aknowledged to have contributed to the spread of negative messages about the EU.  #PeoplesVoteMarch 8/ 
BREAKING: Tory MP broke election spending rules in order to see off Nigel Farage's parliamentary ambitions forever, court hears.If Nigel wasn't conned out of that seat he would have been battering all of them in parliament over #Brexit continuously. 
Popular exchange @coinbase is setting up shop in Dublin in the event that #Brexit causes trouble for its London office's European business.Source: Bloomberg#CryptoNews #cryptocurrencynews#cryptocurrency 
Saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' on Saturday - Possibly The Most Important Thing You Will Do This Year!! 
Stick international football in a fucking rocket, along with Tories, Brexit voters, the fucking EDL, Trump, every Trump supporting cunt, bigot, and Nazi, and James fucking Corden, and launch it into the fucking sun. 
Did I miss it when you mentioned the anti Brexit protestors who have been there for a year? @SODEMAction Or is it the shock of seing a pro Brexit protest, however small, that makes it ‘newsworthy’?  
Brexit state of play: spend two years talking about a non-problem, ie Irish border; say solution is for NI to stay in customs union; objection - that would mean UK effectively split up; solution: UK stays in CU and we don’t really leave.  Leave way open to rejoin. We’ll soon see 
Away from the Brexit crisis, Arlene Foster has spent today campaigning in a council by-election in Carrickfergus. Normally, this result would be fairly inconsequential - there are council elections next May anyway. But, she will be acutely aware of recent unionist history... 
Enjoyed my first appearance on the new format #PoliticsLive, interesting times here in London as we enter the championship minutes of the #Brexit negotiations. The EU and Ireland is clear that we want what was agreed in December to be reflected in the Withdrawal Agreement.  
Before I apply for “settle status” will the @ukhomeoffice clarify what rights I’m going to have post #Brexit? How can you apply for something if you don’t know what rights are the government are going to take away from you. It’s as crazy as signing a blank cheque.  
"Brexit is starting to have an effect" – more on that here:  @ScotNational To help fund more work, please donate here:  #thisisit #scotref #indyref2 
Ha Trying to overturn Brexit Trumps women’s rights anyday!  
“Many countries are stronger than one. That’s why Brexit will fail. It was always going to fail”Time for #PeopesVote with #OptionToRemainJoin us on the London streets on Sat 20 Oct for #PeopesVoteMarch. Make your voice heard! 
We have taken the @ElectoralCommUK to court over their findings and witness statements already confirm they got their numbers wrong and we didn’t overspend the 10% threshold. We fully reject the findings and look forward to the court hearing - 3 days after Brexit !  
“Save Brexit” is an interesting sign. Clearly these Brexiters feel that their Brexit is at risk. Things are going well. 
Go to take a bite of me bacon sarnie. Shock an horror bastad cat nicked it. Chased the fucker round the kitchen. Unleashed a flyin brexit backward spinnin roundhouse kick. Fucker stood no chance. Shoved it in wheelie bin. Can hear bin men takin it away as we speak. Serves it rite 
Richard Pendy voted to leave the EU. But after carrying out a risk assessment, he tells James O'Brien he's now a People's Vote campaigner.@mrjamesob | #Brexit 
A world of opportunities beyond the EU after a #BetterBrexit 
Excellent work here by all involved. Call us old fashioned but we believe our government owes us ALL a duty of care, not simply attempting to carry out the wishes of 37% of the electorate, but ensuring that the referendum was fair and legal for everyone. 
Brexit really has fucked a lot of people's moral compasses  
Tusk: "The report on the state of the negotiations that I got from Michael Barnier today as well as yesterday’s debate in the House of Commons yesterday give me no grounds for optimism before tomorrow’s European Council on Brexit" 
To #Remainers it has come as no surprise that the govt cannot deliver #Brexit. A promise based on lies will always flounder when reality kicks in. I just wonder how long it will take for the penny to drop in the minds of dogmatic #Leavers who refuse to believe they were conned. 
Once upon a time there was Watergate - This is #BrexitGate, a cover-up clearly intended to hide the facts from the public until, at the very least, Brexit is through the door. 
Wow. Leadsom points out deputy speakers perfectly capable of replacing Bercow in the chair. Rejects the idea he's needed for 'stability' during Brexit ie Thornberry idea. 
Staggering intervention from Ben Bradshaw. Literally says Bercow should be kept in place because of Brexit. 
Theresa May considers Brexit options.  
The Electoral Commission passed its findings(that #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw in #Brexit referendum) to the police. #Police cannot now fail to investigate because it’s politically sensitive! .. 
This is turning into our Watergate, a big cover-up clearly intended, at the least, to conceal the facts until #Brexit is effectively through the door. This is #BrexitGate#PeoplesVote 
What does the new Queen of UK TV, @courtneyact, think of #Brexit? #PeoplesVote 
74 MPs, peers & MEPs have written to the Director of Intelligence at the National Crime Agency & the commander of Specialist Crime at the Metropolitan Police seeking reassurances that they are pursuing criminal investigations into Vote Leave.#Brexit 
Ex MP embroiled in 2009 expenses scandal then lost seat as an MP then a “special adviser” to David Davis and make a “success” of Brexit explains why everyone else got Brexit wrong. Comedy gold.  
@everycountry said in a #3Blokesinapub episode that Brexit is "like the UK Government is imposing economic sanctions ON our OWN COUNTRY"!He was spot on!  You might expect the economy to be killed by Labour but this is from a Tory Gvmnt folks!Is YOUR job safe?  Are YOU sure? 
The brexit referendum result is tainted.  Proud to co-sign with MEPs, MPs and Peers a letter urging *proper* investigation of the Leave Campaigns. And even at that, Scotland still voted to remain   
JUST IN: European Council president Donald Tusk asks the UK to provide 'concrete proposals' to end the Brexit impasse 
I sang the national three more times after witnessing this tackle. Proper brexit tackle. 
Brexit hasn't happened yet. By the way Annie, your own leader said that leaving EU would be a disaster for Scotland and that those who told you otherwise were lying. 
We talked about 1. Your favourite type of biro pen2. How a giraffee sounds like a fog horn3. What Brexit means to animals?4. How Declan rhymes with SmecklanAll the big topics ya kno 
*TUSK: UNFORTUNATELY, NO GROUNDS FOR OPTIMISM FOR BREXIT SUMMIT 
Perhaps they will learn not to bully and belittle the British public as they are doing with Brexit. #PeoplesVoteMarch 
"Let’s say I’m planning a mission in Afghanistan. I’d gather all the info I can and I’d make my informed decision. But it is becoming more and more clear that we are making decisions on things that we don’t really fully understand in the case of Brexit." 
Boris never used this account to promote Leave in the referendum. How about you get on with focusing on housing and the fact that kids are being stabbed on our streets, instead of pissing about with trust in our democratic system? A completely useless Mayor.  
Oops ... Nissan Delays Wage Talks With U.K. Workers on Brexit Uncertainty  
The best #brexit deal is Remain. There is no other good deal to be done @jeremycorbyn!Why don’t you make way for a moderate, progressive leader to save the country (and the Labour Party)! 
#BREAKING NEWS Sinn Féin wants Northern Ireland vote in event of no-deal #Brexit this nightmare just keeps on growing @RuthDavidsonMSP you have flip flopped so often even we can remember what you stand for right now. 
In the Dáil - @MaryLouMcDonald say time is now quickly running out for a #Brexit deal to be struck. She says “this is a direct consequence of the UK Gov's prevarication &  abysmal failure to produce realistic proposals”.  
I feel like we’re all waiting for a deus ex machina style intervention by some figurative superhero who will stop the Brexit madness. It says a lot about the times we’re in that at one point I thought that superhero might be Danny Dyer. 
Brexit is showing the urban middle classes the real Britain - And they don’t like it. Coruscating piece by @AdamRamsay fresh up on @openDemocracy  
Ireland's foreign minister Simon Coveney lowers expectations about Brexit summit: "I think it is unlikely there will be a lot agreed tomorrow night.""There is going to be a need for a signal from the negotiating teams that a new summit is necessary before it is called." 
There are 4 letters short of the magic 48, #Tory #MPs must remove the final obstacle to a Real #BREXIT that is the #REMAINER @theresa_may.... she is a squatter in #Number10 and must GO ASAP! #MayMustGo #ChuckMay #ChuckChequers #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @Conservatives #StandUp4Brexit 
The Celtic Interconnector, 500km of electric cable under water, 700 MW, will link Ireland to Brittany by the mid-2020s. EU cofinancing will be sought. Will boost renewable energies. Most opportune in the context of #Brexit.  #EirGridConf18 
"We want a clean Brexit!"Join @Nigel_Farage and other leading Brexiteers in Gateshead and Harrogate:  
Stock #markets have dipped and the #pound is experiencing some volatility in terms of #Brexit uncertainty. Could this signal some opportunity? Take a closer look at some of latest news impacting global #markets. 
Join the march against Brexit this Saturday. This is a once in a generation moment - make sure you play your part > 
Tintin and the Brexit Plan.Seems little has changed since the first time I saw this picture.  
Stewart Jackson: Mendacity, duplicity, subterfuge and misjudgement. How I saw an establishment coup wreck a clean Brexit. | Conservative Home  
Well done Molly. This issue isn't remotely partisan & is about the rule of law & independence of the police to investigate free of outside political interference so very happy to cosign as I did the last one. Brexit is still subject to full diligence& UK legal due process I hope.  
Straight after today’s Brexit Cabinet, the Prime Minister Theresa May was interviewed at the Education Select Committee in Parliament  
Brexit latest  
EU negotiator Barnier says Brexit deal to be reached in coming weeks  
Stewart Jackson: Mendacity, duplicity, subterfuge and misjudgement. How I saw an establishment coup wreck a clean Brexit. | Conservative Home  
Join the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future this Saturday 20th October to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Sign up now:  
These South Tampa volunteers  let me tag along as they went door to door for the schools tax referendum. Can they sell it? We'll find out on Nov. 6.  
Ooh look  On average 90 hate crimes a week are recorded in West Midlands. Home office cites Brexit & terrorism for rise.Hate crime against people who voted Brexit included  Nah of course not Hate crime increases again in the West Midlands  
But there is no evidence that this will happen. How do countries outside the EU survive? How did we survive before 1974 and before the EU was foisted upon us without a vote! Frankly this is Project fear on overdrive!! #Brexit 
I have written today for @TheNewEuropean about why I'll be marching with thousands of young people, including @FFSake_ at the @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future.Just today, figures show hate crime has risen 40% in a year!Fighting Brexit is a fight against racism  
Businesses such as mine, will not have easy access to parts & components made in the EU & this problem not only impacts the running of a business, but also slows down jobs, impacting the customer hugely! This is only one of the many reasons that #Brexit is bad for business!  
EU citizens! Fascists and far-right populists in Brexit Britain have taken to mocking me. Just look at this below. This is why we need to strictly control the media. Press freedom has limits.  
Breaking: Michel Barnier says “we need more time” to reach an overall agreement on an orderly Brexit, including on the issue of avoiding in all circumstances a hard border on the island of Ireland. “We will take this time calmly, seriously to reach this agreement in the comng wks 
What is bothering in the whole negotiations is that a mere advisor thought it was appropriate to undermine the plans of an elected politician (David Davis) tasked with Brexit through our democratic process.What's even more bothering is that an elected official allowed him to. 
Just to state the bleeding obvious: there would nothing politically sensitive about concluding that the Russians *didn’t* influence the referendum result.A copper saying, “nothing to see here”, would be my cartoon of the week (if I could draw). 
If you want to know the EU's views on Brexit you can...read them. Nevertheless they are hard for the British government to grasp  
How might #Brexit affect your #holidays? If you've been told a stamp in your passport at most, you have sadly been misled. See our FAQs for info on this topic and much more at #EndTheChaos #LetThePeopleDecide 
John Lewis is one of numerous businesses already suffering due to #Brexit. We have a new store opening in #Cheltenham on Thursday. This is what the builders think! Btw - come and see @CheltForEurope on Thurs AM for a chat about how you can help turn things around #PeoplesVote 
According to Downing Street, this morning's 2.5 hour debate on Brexit by the Cabinet saw everyone in agreement, no decisions taken, and no alternatives to May's plan discussed. It's all going terribly well then. 
The problem is that #Brexit, once enacted, isn't a policy that can be easily reversed, cancelled or kicked into the long grass, and never spoken of again.  There is no turning back, for decades at the very least.#bollockstobrexit#PeoplesVote#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Whilst Theresa May & her mates have a pizza party trying to solve the Brexit problem by pulling straws, could I just remind her, the rest of the country is falling apart, thanks to their other policies that don't work either. #GTTO 
BREAKING: EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier calls for more time to find a #Brexit deal  
Join me at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
Theresa May told her Cabinet: “If we as a government stand together and stand firm we can achieve” a deal.So that’s a no deal Brexit then. 
BREAKING. No10 reveals May told today's Cabinet Brexit meeting: "I'm convinced that if we as a Govt stand together and stand firm we can achieve this".Note the 'if'. Clearest warning yet to ministers not to split or quit. 
The mask is slipping more each day. May promised full Brexit but is now warning people to put up with fake Brexit or get no Brexit. The most outrageous and disgusting coup by the elite against the people.  
You probably haven't been told the truth about how Brexit will affect music - if the video games industries leave for Berlin, London's orchestras will be shut down  
WATCH: This is @RichardCPendry. He was a soldier. He's now a risk consultant who goes into some of the most dangerous places on the planet. He voted for Brexit. But now, having assessed the risk, he's changed his mind. That's the sensible thing to do.  #PeoplesVote 
Implementation of Brexit may produce side effects including but not limited to: splitting your country into multiple customs territories, lasting and severe economic damage, sustained loss of global influence... 
.@PaulMaskeyMP responds to Gerry Carroll attempts to distance himself from Brexit. “Gerry Carroll is desperate to try to distance himself from the fact that People Before Profit campaigned for Brexit, voted for Brexit & acted as a cheerleader for Brexit.” 
When a car drove into crowds outside a mosque in Finsbury Park Bashir Ibrahim’s brother was one of those injured. Here he explains why the fight against Brexit is also a fight against racism.  
"Few years ago I went to Aldi with £20 and came home with 4 bags. Now it's more like 2 bags. My wage is the same."Raluca, a Romanian worker in London, plans to leave the UK for Germany. "It's not so much Brexit itself as it's quality of life."We tend to overlook this... 
If May gets her way, with a get-out clause but no end date, she will find that invoking the get-out clause will be as fraught and contentious as Brexit itself.  An invitation to Remainers to campaign to stay in the EU indefinitely. 
I want us to turn the tide against child poverty, confront the violence in our streets, and for London to have a stronger voice against Brexit. This is why I’m proud to stand to be your Liberal Democrat candidate for Mayor of London. #Lucy4London 
“I hope Brexit supporting Cabinet Ministers will be putting the pressure on the PM to change course. I can’t see her doing anything else,because everything is stacked up against her” @RossThomson_MP#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers #BinTheBackStop #PoliticsLIVE 
#WillOfThePeople is subject to change: #Lancashire and #Preston Councils become the latest local authorities to consider a further vote on #Brexit, after it emerges that Preston is one of many constituencies that voted Leave in 2016 but now back #Remain 
When Theresa May prepares to deliver something no Leaver wanted and no Remainer wanted, you have to ask: Who will benefit from Brexit? Here's one. Already moved his profit-making operations to Dublin.  
You don't get it, do you, JC? There's no such thing as a *good Brexit deal*, not disaster capitalism, nor your disaster socialism. Remain is what's good for this country.And please don't keep saying *that ship has sailed* because it's a lie and you know it's a lie.#StopBrexit 
Spot-on initiative by @thegreenparty @MollyMEP to take the law to Brexit criminals, despite police reluctance. Great that @UKLabour @LibDems and @Conservatives have made it truly cross-party. The police cannot ignore this. For the sake of democracy it needs to happen soon. 
The British people no longer trust you one inch.You've brought it on yourself.You & your cronies have been sabotaging Brexit from the begining.The real problem is you think we are all too stupid to know your game.  
Perhaps Bercow has a case to answer, but he is also a strong, independent speaker, much needed at this time. It is clear that some people would do anything to unseat him.    Uncomfortable though I am with saying it, I think the matter should be deferred until Brexit is resolved.  
Farage booed as he compares Brexit to Ireland’s independence fight  
8/8 An outcome in which we leave the the EU next March, thus upholding the referendum result,  but get the closest relationship with our nearest, biggest and most important trading partner, thereby minimising damage to our economy, is the best available. We should take it. 
“@the3million @BritishInEurope & @InLimboBrexit teams went to Brussels to lobby, inform & educate. When citizens of Europe went to Brussels to meet EU officials & #MEPs to give them the human story of #Brexit.” @NicolasHatton in @PMPmagToday. @the3million 
Germany's Europe Minister Michael Roth (SPD) has told Theresa May to "take responsibility" for Brexit talks stalling, as EU leaders prepare to gather for one of the last chances to approve a deal#NoDealBrexit#PeoplesVote 
2/8 The PM has painted herself into a corner and is now discovering that complex contortion cannot get her out of it. Meanwhile it’s clear that Brexit-supporting current and former cabinet ministers simply do not have a plan. So what should we now do? 
Irish voters: PLEASE vote Yes in the blasphemy referendum on 26 October. Backward, brutal theocracies use Ireland’s anti-blasphemy laws to justify their own savagery.Death for “insulting” a guy who died 1400 years ago. Let that sink in. That’s what anti-blasphemy laws can lead to  
1/8 The contrast between the unity of the 27 in the Brexit negotiations and the sheer disfunctionality of the Conservative Government could not be greater. 
It should be absolutely illegal for MPs to knowingly avail themselves of tax havens as does Rees-Mogg. London is a world financial capital, it has all the financial services an MP should require. #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
A secretive, opaquely funded group of MPs like the ERG should be strictly illegal. Our politics should be transparent. #StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Tory MP @RossThomson_MP humiliated by the brilliant                     @nealerichmond on #PoliticsLive on the #Irishborder & Good Friday Agreement. Ross like many Tory Brexiteers doesnt know what he is talking abt on #Brexit.  
For anyone outside Scotland wondering who Ross Thomson is, he's an opportunistic carpet bagger Boris lackey whose constituency voted to Remain yet prefers a hard Brexit to further his career. #PoliticsLive 
Just when you thought Brexit couldn't get any worst, Sinn Fein joins Scotland in calling for a Referendum because Hard Brexit breaks the Good Friday Agreement.Well maybe they should join Scotland in a new country. Afterall the United Kingdom will be vacant.  
Crunch time for Theresa May.Britain's future cannot be held to ransom by David Davis, Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg. Liberal Democrats are committed to giving you the final say on the Brexit deal, and the option to remain. Join the resistance >  
Fresh Brexit shock!Via @TheCanaryOTPUseless PM fails to solve impossible problem.By @hourlyterrier 
Educational Referendum 2018.Our Demands:* Modern, Progressive, and Uniform Education System.* Increase in Educational Budget.* Restoration of Student Union.* Decrease in Fees.* End Up Educational Corruption.* Upgrading of Educational Institutions.  
"How do you know?" @lisanandy on why people voted in EU referendum"That's quite patronising, if I may say so, to those who voted to leave the EU?" @RossThomson_MP "You feel like you know better..."#politicslive  
"Once you give people cheaper food, cheaper shoes, cheaper underwear, they will be happy with Brexit"- Farage. Let me clear that up Nigel, With Brexit people will get chlorinated and hormone filled food, shoes from European charities and second hand underwear. 
What’s happening in UK is planned and dangerous.Chaos created by Brexit will bring a power grab.  Henry VIII powers waiting in the wings. Most media pumping disinformation.  Dissent and democracy, i.e. ongoing debate vilified as against Will of the people. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
October 16, 2017- One year since the political disaster in #Kirkuk led by the two clans, which all began by a failed referendum just weeks before. They promised to defend Kirkuk themselves, the corrupt clans were the first ones to flee. Never forget, never forgive them.  
Ross "Bodyguard" Thomson getting his arse handed to him over Brexit and GFA on #PoliticsLive 
The reality of a no deal Tory Brexit is getting closer. Theresa May is an embarrassment to us all.EU scraps plans for Brexit summit statement on future trade deal  
Hate crime surge linked to Brexit and 2017 terrorist attacks. Several times I've been told on telly (including by BBC journalists) that hate crimes haven't gone up, no doubt many will also underplay this new set of stats  
BREAKING: A "very dangerous" suggestion is being made in Europe that the Irish backstop issue should be postponed or deferred, the leader of the @labour Party @BrendanHowlin has been told by colleagues across Europe. #Brexit  
FRANCE was asked by Jersey and Guernsey if it would act for them in Brexit negotiations. These boltholes have been undermining the tax base of the UK, EU and other countries for years. No one should co-operate with them until they mend their ways. 
“Why are we even contemplating this division and madness?” Aging rebel George Galloway on the Scottish Referendum.“We don’t want to be dictated to by other countries. We want to choose our government and our direction.” Galloway on England’s European Referendum.  
Everyday we're getting more and more #NHSStories like this. Brexit threatening the very fabric of our public health system. It's heartbreaking . We must come together for a #PeoplesVoteNHS. Join us   #PeoplesVoteMarch 
The referendum was coordinated by criminals. This isn’t an opinion, it’s a fact - supported by documents, audio tapes, videos, images and emails from former Vote Leave staff. It was a perversion of democracy. It wasn’t the ‘will of the people’. It was the will of criminals. 
Unemployment has fallen substantially both in Scotland and the UK, despite the SNP “spreading doom” on the impact of Brexit 
As May's Brexit plans collapse, and Corbyn scrambles to save her, these MPs were brave enough to call for a #PeoplesVote in parliament. We owe them our gratitude and respect. 
US CEO explains reasons for choosing Ireland as post-#brexit investment location: “it’s an English-speaking EU member state that boasts a diverse talent pool, entrepreneurial spirit, and long-standing support for technological innovation.”  
The press coverage of #Brexit is an ever more tightly wound closed circle of obscure reference terms. Editing 101 ‘Always provide new entry points to a story’ completely abandoned by journalists competing with each other and facing only politicians... 
Germany has told Theresa May to "take responsibility" for Brexit talks stalling  
Happening to Britain's finest natural resource daily -pillaged!Young families done out of generations of heritage as EU fleet takes 60% of fish in our waters!Can automatically be ours with clean Brexit but Chequers & Transition is a betrayal keeping us in CFP that shafts us  
17.4 million brexit voters launch furious salvo at shameful remain civil servants hell bent on ensuring brexit does not happen  @OllyRobbins @Arron_banks @LeaveEUOfficial @GavinBarwell @RobbieGibb @10DowningStreet 
With 6 months until Brexit we have a window of opportunity to make a change that would protect thousands of innocent dogs. Email your MP now to help us end #PuppySmuggling   
It seems very plausible that May and the Brextremists are deliberately running down the clock, so that in the end our fractured political system lacks the time to prevent the country falling off the no-deal cliff. Disaster-capitalism & a #Brexit tax haven beckon.#PeoplesVote 
RETWEET if you agree#Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave 
HA!As the PM calls a special Cabinet meeting today - a rich vision flashes across my mind :She dances into the Cabinet room singing:" Let's call the whole thing off " #Brexit#IHaveAVividImagination 
Twitter never reflects what the majority of people actually think. That’s why it explodes with shock when things like Trump & Brexit happen.  
Acting Cabinet Secretary going public defending top civil service Brexit team  
Rachel Sylvester on Brexit in today's @thetimes :  'the other 27 countries have acted together for the greater good, but in the divided UK the political tribes are operating in their narrow self-interest in a way that could end up producing the outcome they least want.' 
The sheer stupidity and pointlessness of #Brexit is maddening, but the fanatical zeal with which the Brexit ringleaders are going about wrecking our livelihoods and taking away our rights in pursuit of their demented fantasy is alarming to say the least. 
Tomorrow 27 EU countries come together to review the state of the negotiations with the UK. #EUCO Discover the EU's response to #Brexit.  
Any lawyer's take on this? "Russian interference in the referendum campaign. “International bodies and states cannot commit criminal offences” under electoral legislation, the letter explains' But what about UK citizens who colluded with them? 
From @BrexitStewart: Mendacity, duplicity, subterfuge and misjudgement. How I saw an establishment coup wreck a clean Brexit.  
Storm is a Brewing!Furious Leave voter: "There is a storm in this country waiting to brew.If this gets thrown over & we stay in EU you don't understand what's coming!I haven’t got a massive voice, but I know people who have!"#Brexit #EU 
Unilever to leave U.K. - EVERYTHING to do with BrexitUnilever to stay in the UK - NOTHING to do with Brexit. MSM Guidelines:Crap news - blame Brexit Good news - find other crap news to blame on Brexit  
Naive to expect an end to anonymous briefings. I respect you and Olly Robbins, but civil servants, as citizens, have a right not to work on policies that fundamentally jeopardise the state. You can do something else. History is going to very critical of civil service over Brexit  
READ: "I'm a former soldier, I love my country and I voted for Brexit. But now I believe we all need a final say on the deal." Richard voted leave but is now demanding a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Join him at the #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday: 
Anna Soubry was on radio in Northern Ireland this morning attacking DUP as "wreckers" – are the hardcore Remainers really so desperate to thwart Brexit that they're coordinating their message with those who want to break up the one Union that should always come first to a UK MP?  
It’s amazing how despite barely being able to pay my rent, I get Soros accusations thrown at me. Especially by the Brexit camp. I knew that anti-semitism was rife, but the sheer volume of Brexiteers that jump on the rich Jew pulling the strings bandwagon is really frightening. 
John Redwood: #EU deal on offer is COMPLETELY unacceptable!It doesn’t take back control of Our laws, Our money & Our borders.It delays UK Exit & charges us £39 Billion for that privilege!Unacceptable!Leave without signing & get Our money back!#Brexit 
The narrative from people like Owen Jones & other Remainers now is to "unite" the Country together. Don't be fooled.That really means compromising on our independence. It really means Brexit in name only folks. I won't accept a anything less than full freedom & independence. 
Police will not examine claims of Russian meddling in the #Brexit vote. Hardly surprising given that the Tories take money from Russian oligarchs, and that #Brexit would be a huge strategic victory for Putin. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
FFS why are Sky News interviewing Owen Jones about Brexit?  What makes them think this little left wing twerp has anything of value to say about anything?   He’s the one who stormed out of a Sky studio like a spoilt brat because he didn’t get his own way. What’s he got on them?  
The state of this tweet. Of course, Brexit is to blame for this care home closing. Nothing whatsoever to do with the two damning CQC inspection reports. And Brexit WAS definitely to blame when the very same home went into administration in 2014. Me and my bloody facts, eh?  
Quite staggering Labour are using the "not now, Brexit" argument in defence of Bercow. Surely the issue of bullying and harassment needs to be examined on its merits. If you say "wait till Brexit is over" that's licence to brush this stuff under the carpet for years. 
Given we have now proved there isn’t a version of #Brexit which Brexiters can unite behind, it’s time to take this back to the people. #FinalSayForAll#BrexitBreaksBritain#BrexitReality#ExitFromBrexit 
Sorry, ‘our’ ancient queen? She was leader of a tribe in Norfolk. Modern make-up of Englishness owes much more to Romans than to Iceni. Brexit keeps feeding ancient lie that we’re some pure-bred, ancient people, as opposed to the product of millennia of invasion and migration  
The best Brexit plan I’ve seen in weeks.  
I have written some more about Brexit's impact on music & our creative sector in the Independent. A #PeoplesVote is now our only hope of limiting or preventing this damage. 
I was first up today for questions to sec of state for business.Q - What’s his assessment of how much Brexit has already cost the UK?A - Scottish Independence is bad. 
Brexit means brexit  
Brexit crunch time. Can May survive?  
'I'm a former soldier who voted for Brexit - but now I regret it'  
1/ Irish ambassador to the UK accuses Theresa May of "backsliding" on her firm commitment last December to include a backstop solution in the event of a no-deal Brexit. Told British Academy it was "very concerning" to hear some say a backstop was not necessary. 
Cash: "We've been proved right by the referendum result"West: "Let's have another one" Cash: "Is that Labour party policy?"West: "No it's not, it's my policy"@BillCashMP vs @CatherineWest1 
DO IT. The size of the June March startled the political establishment and totally reframed the whole Brexit argument.This time we need to scare the shit right out of them.There are free buses being laid on to bring people to the capital. Do some googling.  
Do you want a new referendum on the Brexit deal? Join the march in London this Saturday  
UNEMPLOYMENT DOWN BY 50,000 DESPITE BREXIT'New figures released today show that unemployment fell by 47,000 in the three months to August, taking the UK unemployment down to just 4%, and youth unemployment down to its lowest level in history.' 
Christian Adams on Theresa May’s cunning Brexit plan - political cartoon gallery in London  
The current chaos is the inevitable consequence of the incompatible red lines of government Brexit policy. Now we're reaching crunch point. My latest Brexit Blog post tries to make sense of what's going on:  
I challenged the Prime Minister on her inability in being able to keep her party together, let alone the country. No one in #CardiffNorth voted to be poorer 2 yrs ago. The right thing is to put the deal back to the people for a final say. #Brexit @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
Great to talk to Irish MEP representatives outside the European Parliament about the campaign and the importance of civic voices being heard on the border issue during the Brexit negotiations.#MakeThemListen 
"There is a strong sense here that the EU27 stand united, and that the unity of the union is far more important than anything else". #Brexit  
Theresa May hints that MPs could block a 'no deal' Brexit -  The woman just gets worse and worse. #MayMustGo 
We have a clear choice: choosing Brexit or choosing prosperity.We cannot “take back control” from the EU whilst maintaining the same economic prosperity we have had while in the EU.#ExitFromBrexit 
Under growing EU pressure, May meets her ministers on Brexit  
It is a bit rich for Germany amd France to simply blame May for the Brexit talks stallingWhile our PM is highly culpable, so are the intransigent EU who have shown nothing but bad faith throughout, aided and abetted by Merkel and, more recently, Macron 
Bloody doctors have a bias too. They keep diagnosing serious illness so they can have an excuse to treat people.Bloody teachers! Telling our kids what to do, so they grow up "educated" and create more teachers! It's a goddamn ponzi scheme!!#Brexit 
"We TOLD you to do somethingWe gave you a VERY clear instructionYou SAID you would do itand ONCE AGAIN(true to form)you've WEASELLED OUT."*(*but it's not too late to deliver Brexit properly)  
Amidst the noise of Conference season, the Brexit bourach and political point scoring fluff I think this pledge of financial support for student nurses from Scottish Government deserves more attention- this is how we recruit/support our next gen of nurses  
I can't imagine that #Brexit – a dogma that is so obviously against the national interest – would ever have been allowed to get as far as it has by the gutsy, morally robust wartime generation. Why can't we pull together again?  
Howard Goodall: The scary truth about how much Brexit will affect our 'soft power'  
The government knew that Vote Leave may have broken the law when they trigggered Article 50. When they realised Vote Leave was going to be found guilty, they had significant Brexit legislations pushed through in Parliament, in an unprecedented rush. Scary doesn’t cut it. 
Murdoch has been the de facto leader of the UK through a series of client Governments for approx 40 years. The only one not to sup from his diabolical chalice was Gordon Brown, who was summarily sacrificed to secure the advance of puppy Cameron. Then we got Brexit. Bonza!  
Germany's EU affairs minister Michael Roth gets prize for bluntest Brexit advice to Theresa May: "Take responsibility and be constructive." 
Well the NHS doesn’t  think so. Look at their website. More EU  nationals working in the NHS now than before Brexit. EU nationals account for just 5.2% of the 1.5m workforce . There’s just 61,896 of them. So check YOUR facts matey before you take me on!  
READ: "You probably haven't been told the truth about how #Brexit will affect our creative industries." Composer and broadcaster Howard Goodall calls for a #PeoplesVote & shares the negative impact of #Brexit on the music industry:  
PM taking up reigns post #frauderendum should have appointed a royal commission to sculpt #Brexit. Once that vision was clear, it should’ve been put to the people or parliament BEFORE sending the notification letter to the EU. PM decided to create a runaway train wreck. 
Another day, another warning from the auto sector. Today, Ford chief, Steven Armstrong, says a bad Brexit deal would force his company to rethink its future investment strategy in the UK. A disaster for the factory floor.  
.@TonyAbbottMHR on BREXIT: "It's way past time for the British people to stop 'remoaning', and to take charge of their own future...It's the EU establishment's palpable desire to punish Britain for leaving that entirely vindicates the Brexit project."#auspol #Brexit  
Parliamentary backing for second Brexit vote grows ahead of People's Vote and The Independent's March for the Future on Saturday 
"This improbable crew commands our fate. Never in living memory was Britain worse governed. This was not any old cake-and-eat-it but a bankrupted Patisserie Valerie confection"Spot on @pollytoynbee and the best writing on Brexit I've read in a while :) 
Italy has submitted a surplus-busting budget to the EU n defiance of Eurozone rules. Its another country heading for a Brexit vote? 
No government should be allowed to change the status of people who have come to live in Britain in the way that it has done to EU27 nationals. Doing so should be treated as a crime, mandating compensation for the victims and jail terms for the perpetrators. #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
May/Robbins were not negotiating a UK-wide customs Union at all. The fudge is "a" GB-EU Customs Union (a la Turkey), to be agreed *after* March 2019, but with NI inside "the" EU Customs Union. Cabinet & Brexit secretary out of loop. Shocking.  
Hate crime surge linked to Brexit and 2017 terrorist attacks  
WATCH | Bill Cash talks up "enormous opportunities" of a WTO Brexit, highlights our huge trade deficit with the EU & surplus with the rest of the world: "That's a real test of the value to us of the Single Market. It's not all it's cracked up to be and we don't need to be in it!"  
We're flying to London today to meet with MPs in Parliament. Our voices need to be heard on Brexit, our livelihoods and futures are in jeopardy. Please watch & RT.#PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
They don’t even know their own history - Boudicca led a failed uprising and then poisoned herself.  Though admittedly much unnecessary damage , ultimate failure and sudden catastrophic conclusion common themes. #Brexit  
It wasn’t a democratic vote because it was won illegally. In case you’ve forgotten, a democracy requires free and fair votes. The Brexit referendum was neither free or fair, so don’t be deceitful.  
Funnily one of my best Brexit conversations was with a kebab shop owner who correctly identified that the tomatoes he used were via EU FTA with Morocco and that under no deal this might lapse, pushing up prices of his inputs. Better informed than many MPs  
Amazing thread which makes a compelling case that the thing that has made Brexit impossible to deliver is the existence of the disgraced former defence secretary, Dr Liam Fox  
No dinner is something the masses will become all too familiar with if Brexit goes ahead. 
Who would be more likely to secure a good Brexit deal with the EU? 
Let’s be clear: No Brexit deal = total destruction of large swathes of UK industry/business. WTO is NOT a deal. You have to NEGOTIATE a WTO deal *AS WELL*! Even a “deal” is WORSE than than current terms. The *BEST* deal is Remain & Lead in the EU, and  thus globally. 
The Brussels elite have always wanted to punish the UK for leaving – Theresa May must not let them succeed:  #Brexit 
The public can see right through the ideologues pushing a Hard Brexit. This bodes very badly for a Conservative Party that forces one on the country.  
Today is the *last time* a UK government minister will attend an EU council in Luxembourg, barring dramatic changes on Brexit.@LordCallanan is the minister. 
The UK cannot leave the EU. We can cease to be a member, but we can't sail off into distant oceans. The economic superpower next door will continue to have a huge influence over us, but we will have lost our very powerful say in its decision-making.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
When acolytes of the “Conservative Madrassa” - the toxic YBF or Young Bullies Foundation investigated after the death of a young activist - are at the forefront of calls for HoC speaker John Bercow to resign, then you know this is a #Brexit related hit job 
864,311 people have signed the petition for a #FinalSay so far.This is good. But not good enough. Can we try to get this up to 1 million before the #PeoplesVoteMarch?@peoplesvote_uk @endthechaosuk @BestForBritain#Brexit #EndTheChaos #PeoplesVote 
This is why they want rid of Bercow. He is a threat to @Theresa_May’s plans of driving through her disastrous Brexit at any cost. She knows Parliament would reject ‘no deal’ and her shitty bad deal.  
“Price of a pint will soar because of climate change, say scientists”.  It seems that Project Fear is not limited to Brexit. 
"Let me be clear, the choice for this parliament should never be her deal or no deal.If this government cannot get a good deal for this country, then it has to make way for those that can."    Jeremy Corbyn.#Brexit #BrexitShambles #GTTO #JC4PM #Labour 
I know it's been discussed before but the costs just of preparing for Brexit are eye-watering. More spent already than the entire annual legal aid budget.   
I'm  convinced the EU referendum would never have been held, had Scotland voted YES in 2014. For one thing David Cameron probably would have had to resign.  
#Rally4Remain Huge thanks to leafletting team who helped us this morning at Great Victoria St  hundreds more people reached, getting the message out there about #Rally4Remain this Sat, 3pm @ City Hall  NI voted to remain. Brexit isn't a done deal. Make your voice HEARD!  
MUST-WATCH: This Saturday, @SadiqKhan will be speaking & marching at our #PeoplesVoteMarch, demanding the British people get a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. Make your voice heard - join us on Saturday & march for your future. Please RT:  
Since we've been in Liverpool, I have noticed lots of flying about, and it occurs to me since the EU referendum vote, that flag makes me feel the same way as the confederate US flag. 
Theresa May insists she will not accept a Brexit deal that threatens the integrity of the UK but also refuses to acknowledge or consider ERG proposals for NI border, why ??Thus the outcome has to be a no deal as no deal is better than a bad deal so therefore WTO is now preferable 
A united EU, a divided UK. Brexit  
Those who are campaigning for a second referendum to overturn the first one need to understand that their efforts are seriously undermining the case to keep Scotland in the United Kingdom.  
Too many civil servants defined their role as to ask anyone who disagreed with Brexit for their best scares & then to confront Ministers with these as obstacles to a full or early Brexit. They seemed to suspend their critical faculties as many of the scares were absurd. 
You tweeted  "We lose all our free trade deals".That's factually incorrect because, as you now point out, the UK has no free trade deals of its own. Nanny EU uses UK's clout to feather its own nest. After Brexit the UK will benefit DIRECTLY from that clout and flexibility.  
There are no facts. They are opinions. Just like at the referendum, it was an opinion that leave would never win. But it did. So get over it. Leave won. Democracy!!! 
I note that the architect of the conference speech that many EU leaders and diplomats view as the moment Brexit turned sour is handing out some more advice to the prime minister this morning 
No Sammy, it’s an issue as per the #GFA and the comments of the Chief Constable of the PSNI on #Brexit  
For the record I am not asking a UQ on bullying and I do not think the proximity of a constitutional crisis caused by Brexit is the time to be trying to change the Speaker- that way lies utter chaos  
Put the £40bn Brexit hit down the side of a bus and we might’ve been spared this expensive chaos #projectgrimreality 
Latvian foreign minister says there is still time for Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters  
Don’t you ever stop lecturing  public all the time. On TV & Radio always. 17.4 million voted leave the EU were leaving the EU OK.  You were born in British Guiana not in . Stop trying to stop Brexit we will be better off in the long run. Just another George Soros  MUPPET.  
DUP #Brexit negotiator Sammy Wilson tells @TodaySOR the Irish border has been "dreamt up as a problem" by Dublin and Brussels. Words fail me. 
Sinn Féin wants border poll if no Brexit deal. Same for Scotland?  
sam allardyce saying eric dier is as good as busquets has to be the most brexit statement of all time 
Sat in an out patient waiting room with mum-in-law. You can see how Brexit happened. Most of the ppl here can't  even respond to their own name. I'm not kidding! 
Loving the reactions to my tweet on Brexit. Some have reported me to my employer, some have suggested my books belong on a bonfire......and others have accused me of being a snowflake. If there are snowflakes here, I’m not one of them. :) 
Tuesday question: Why do the brexity “10 cabinet ministers on the brink of resigning over Brexit anger etc” never resign?! 
We must hope the DUP can save Brexit as it looks like the Conservative party won’t.  
Always a pleasure to accept your invitation. The 56% (now 63%) of N Ireland who voted Remain have no voice in Westminster. On this the DUP do NOT represent the majority. They have no authority to scupper the PMs #Brexit deal 
4 days to go until the #PeoplesVote March!Join us on October 20 and help avoid a bad Brexit deal   
'It's no more Mr Nice Guy!' Nigel Farage outlines how Britons can fight #Brexit BETRAYAL  
BREAK: EU Senior official:EU are listening to Theresa May in regards to her domestic difficulties. Goes on to say:Those difficulties might have an impact on the choreography but NOT on the substance of #Brexit.  
Post Brexit vote forecasts got the path of the economy wrong but the overall impact right. Slowdown happened but more slowly than initially assumed. Economy today about 2%(£40bn) smaller than it might have been had vote gone the other way.  
On the day after the referendum, I argued for an EFTA-type deal, at least in the short term. Both sides rejected my idea out of hand, but I can't help feeling that pursuing it would have spared us a great deal of hassle. 
Theresa May wants an indefinite period in the Customs Union but with an “exit clause” that the UK could trigger. But triggering such an exit clause would cause as big a furore as Brexit itself — we’d fight the same battle all over again. 
surprised to be the only MP from any party attending IFS pre budget briefing in the City. All the experts agree the U.K. economy faces serious challenges. Negative decoupling of U.K. and Eurozone growth since referendum (that’s before the British State leaves EU frameworks). 
At some point, surely there will be enough sane people in Britain to shout stop.No deal cataclysmic for Britain, very damaging for Ireland.Ireland will still be in the EU.Britain will, overnight, become a "third country" to the rest of the world.Insanity on stilts #Brexit 
I have long suspected that Theresa May’s real Brexit plan is to produce an unworkable plan (Chequers), the EU rejects it, she announces “no deal”, blames a “bullying” EU, the media hail her as a Boudicca figure and tragically Brexit voters lap it up. 
In the Spring of 2016, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and assorted experts said unemployment would soar if we voted to Brexit. Since then, unemployment keeps FALLING! Lying liars and the lies they tell....  
British Airways owner warned it will have no special treatment after Brexit  
OUR FUTURE                           A Reckless Brexit Wrecks it 
Hi @JuliaHB1 do you ever ever think wtf am I doing supporting Brexit? This is a few minutes from where I live and more than 30 elderly residents will have to leave this nursing home when it shuts in November. 
Brexit dream: BoudiccaBrexit reality: that scene in monty python when the knights run away from french men throwing livestock at them 
The European Council has said it would welcome Scotland with open arms. Why? Because one is staying in the EU and the other one (#brexit) is shitting on the rug on the way out the door. So no! An entirely different situation completely! Independence = apples and brexit = shit. 
FORD EUROPE BOSS: a disastrous 'no-deal' Brexit would "force us to think about what our future investment strategy for the UK would be."The message is clear: Brexit is making Britain bad for business. 
Leave voters - you voted for "sunlit uplands", a pain free #Brexit.If this gaslighting has convinced you that you *actually* voted for some "glorious sacrifice" then fair enough, we'd just rather you & your inability to know your own mind didn't take the rest of us with you  
PBP campaigned for #Brexit. Actually had an opportunity to reconsider but Carroll and McCann both voted with DUP and TUV in Assembly against a motion calling for special status for the north. Their votes defeated the motion 47-46.  
How to march with The Independent and @peoplesvote_uk for a #FinalSay on Brexit  
Poll: some people claim that a vote on the deal is undemocratic. Do we still have to proceed with Brexit even if a majority of Britons want neither the deal negotiated nor no deal, even if this would effectively mean that Brexit is no longer the will of the people? Please RT. 
The public were deceived into voting for Brexit with a pack of lies. The public are now going to get a Brexit that they weren’t told about and didn’t vote for. Now that we know what we know, a #PeopesVote is required to give voters a #FinalSay on Brexit.  
Theresa May will address the other EU leaders on Brexit at a dinner in Brussels tomorrow night - but isn’t allowed to stay for the food. No10 source insists she won’t go hungry though: “The ambassador’s residence does a decent breakfast so dinner should be good, too.” 
More far-right populist lies. The UK economy is decimated by Brexit, I tell you. The fruit is rotting in the fields because the native millennials are too lazy to pick it. Plus there is no cheese. 
Labour have been holding the Tories to account over any Brexit deal they attempt to come back with, by ensuring they meet six tests laid down by Keir Starmer. Labour will not support NO-DEAL or a BAD-Deal!#marr #TuesdayThoughts  #pmqs 
Join us this Saturday at the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future. Speakers include Mayor of London @SadiqKhan who will share why they believe we need a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
Our government is really treating Brexit like one uni deadline. How you 2.5 years into the assignment with nothing to show for it? These man will be pulling an all nighter in the library on March 28th 
Keir Starmer: "This idea that countries around the world are lining up to give the UK preferential treatment is nonsense! Staying in A customs union could ensure the UK gets the exact same benefits from the EU even after Brexit"#r4Today #newsnight #pmqs 
Puzzled by all the Brexit options floating around? Here's my summary of where we stand(thoughts / clarifications on this presentation welcome - aiming for a neutral presentation of all of the options)  
New post: There is a Brexit deal the country can live with, but the government cannot   Forget the obscure invented jargon. The logic of Brexit is straightforward, but May has an interest in making it otherwise. . 
BREAKING: Britain's wages grow at their fastest pace in nearly decade, while unemployment remains at a 43-year low  
Jeremy Corbyn just took apart the #shambles that is Tory Brexit Negotiations.#ToriesOut #TuesdayThoughts  
So not you then!#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
In other words a march full of #remoaners, who want to over turn a #democratic vote that was made in 2016. #Brexit is happening & we are leaving the #EU, how about helping the government make a good deal with the EU & to prepare for a no deal. 
Brexit is something that will affect all of us, but especially young people. So join us this weekend as we March for the Future to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit dealAssemble from 12 for a 1pm start, Saturday 20th, Park Lane, London. See you there 
officials fed up of being blamed for what's going on with Brexit - in a way, suits Number 10 for Brexiteers to imagine that Robbins is somehow freelancing and the bits of May's plan they don't like are actually concocted by dastardly officials  
Who would that be?What's different about your hard brexit plan?How are you going to get the EU Council to bend to exactly the same red lines? Just by being Labour?Your party & your voters want *NO* brexit. If you can't get behind them, you should make way for those who can. 
The Conservative Party is being turned into an English national party - with some members willing to ditch Scotland and Northern Ireland in pursuit of Brexit, a professor has told LBC 
This Saturday, I’m joining people from every corner of our country to demand the British people get the final say on Brexit. Make your voice heard - join us on Saturday and march for your future.  #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
Daily Briefing:- Theresa May's cabinet meets today- Still one-in-four chance of no-deal #Brexit: Reuters poll- Pompeo in Saudi capital Riyadh to discuss Khashoggi case Catch up on the headlines:  
If the Government cannot get a good Brexit deal for this country, then it should make way for those who can.  
Agreed there's been weak political leadership but the civil service has of course extended its political mandate in negotiations beyond acceptable boundaries and it must be properly accountable to Parliament. The whole governance regime will need revisiting post Brexit  
Brexit wouldn’t have happened. Inconceivable that Tories would have won overall majority in 2015 having lost indyref; even if they had, no capacity to hold EUref while negotiating end of Union. We would today be two countries in EU instead of one country in shambolic Brexit. 
Boudicca suffered a catastrophic loss then poisoned herself.And these people were the 'brains' of Brexit.  
Pro Brexit protestors outside Downing Street ahead of two hour Brexit Cabinet  
If only... Boris Johnson & David Davis are both now sat in the wings, absolutely convinced that they could deliver the best Brexit for Britain. When they were in charge, all they exhibited was clueless ineptitude! #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/HE7o0LeUmD 
MPs throw weight behind fresh Brexit referendum as hundreds of thousands prepare for major demonstration in London  
You just don't get it. The deciding factor why millions of Britons voted for Brexit was the decimating effects that Tory austerity was having on their lives. The apology YOU owe is for the deaths, homelessness, poverty, service cuts, mental health issues the Tories have enabled.  
Kicking off busy and important week in Luxembourg at the General Affairs Council this morning with colleagues from around the EU. This morning we're discussing Migration; Cybersecurity and this week's EU Council, ahead of update on #Brexit later today from @MichelBarnier  
Oi you odious toad, the British people voted on the EU referendum, we had the final say, & we all knew what we were voting for. I’ll be in London on the 20th of October too. Supporting our armed forces. I’ll be sure to keep away from you @UKLabour louts.  
#VinceCable scores a bullseye when he asks May to thank #Corbyn in helping to deliver #brexit #Labour #Redkip#DemandBetter with #libdems 
We don’t want a ‘softer choice on Brexit’ we want NO Brexit. - I’ll explain why on Saturday, Jezza, when I see you at the march - in case (as seems apparent) you don’t know why. #PeoplesVote 
Constitutional questions of the decade: does the fact that Brexit policy is being determined by political games at Westminster show a systemic failure of the U.K. constitutional system? And if the answer is “yes” (which I think it is) what are we going to do about it?  
This report, as far as it mentions me, is incorrect - to be crystal clear I do not support a second vote/referendum.  
If Remain won the referendum 52%-48% how far would Remainers respect the wishes of those who voted for Brexit? Watch ▼@JuliaHB1 | @Campbellclaret |  
.@FOToole: The DUP has gambled the union on the belief that the Brexiteers are above all unionists and will never concede to any post-Brexit arrangements that differentiate Northern Ireland and Britain. In this they are deluded to the point of insanity.  
Someone explain why anyone should try to rescue the insane Brexit effort when the clear, logical, sensible thing is just to STOP IT? “Theresa May faces frantic 48 hours to save Brexit plan as talks stall”  
A mammoth two hour long Cabinet this morning to thrash out Brexit. Appears this will be significantly more than “an update”. Is this the moment the PM dares to grasp the nettle, or just kicks the can again? 
New trend is to refer to @theresa_may as Boudicca.The ill fated Iceni revolt she led ended in catastrophic failure having misjudged the strength of the Roman Legions. She then died shortly after, having supposedly poisoned herself. Sounds like the perfect metaphor for Brexit.. 
Meeting with @MichelBarnier at critical moment of #brexit talks. To reiterate EU27’s full support for his work. And to prepare for our #EUCO discussion Wednesday evening. 
Tory MEP Bannerman endorses the threat of violence in Ireland, to promote Brexit, while DUP leader threatens "guerilla war". Tories & their allies are working to destroy peace, prosperity & democracy in Northern Ireland. EU cannot agree with this in any way. 
WATCH: Hugh voted leave in 2016 but he's changed his mind because the #Brexit promised can't be delivered. He's marching at the #PeoplesVoteMarch this Saturday 20th October to demand a #PeoplesVote. Make sure you join him:  @RemainerNow 
.....All this bellicose imagery ......Jenkyns ‘not running up white flag....going down fighting’......not at war ( except Tories with each other) . Brexit is a choice. We can end this act of self harm with one letter. #withdrawA50now 
Two Brexit truths: 1. You can’t have a Canada-style deal without a backstop. 2. A time-limited backstop ceases to be a backstop. 
We hear many a time, day in, day out, that Brexit means "taking back control of our borders", but did it never occur to Brexiteers that the EU might want, in that case, to take back control of its borders too ?Just wondering :)  
The Cabinet meets today: 844 days since the referendum, 565 days since Article 50 was triggered & 164 days until we leave the EU. And there is nothing close to a unified position on the Irish border issue that has been the obvious Achilles Heel of Brexit for years. It’s shameful.  
In recent times the DUP have proved themselves incapable of “mutual understanding & cooperation” - Arlene only interested at this stage in burying head in sand. Also, there is no such thing as “a Brexit that works for everyone”  
Brussels gives UK a 24-hour Brexit deadline to firm up their position after talks break down.  
QUICK! Listen to the latest #Brexitcast before it’s out of date (and also to understand everything that’s about to happen in #Brexit).  
#Brexit Can we get on with Brexit FFS. Theresa May get on with it. Grow a backbone who’s side you on  or EU. Stop pussyfooting around all the time. Jeremy Corbyn & Labour stop trying to derail Brexit all the time. Sir Vince Cable retire your trying stop Brexit as well.   pic.twitter.com/atDQtM1vIw 
#TuesdayThoughts Arlene Foster on #BREXIT affecting Northern Ireland "You can't separate one part of a nation from the rest of the nation"...That is literally what Britain's occupation of six of Ireland's Counties is, you thick unionist moron.  
Mark, proof is in the pudding mate. Chequers (a civil servant’s policy) isn’t Brexit. The civil servants work on how to spin BRINO to the public as Brexit. To double speak and use language to deceive and manipulate. To push it thru under the threat of Corbyn or no Brexit all 
No. Vote down Mays rubbish deal, collapse this awful govt and get Labour in. Never mind Brexit, people are dying under the current regime, wages are poor, devices cut, school budgets cut - we need them out James, end of. 
IFS says no cash spending boost from Brexit - and that’s even before taking account of costs of lower growth. Brexit makes you poorer. It must be stopped Brexit boost ‘could shrink to zero’  
We should have seen the #Brexit vote coming. For too many in UK life is unstable, unfulfilling & unfair.Those in power owe the people action to rebalance our unequal society.Some thoughts on healing our divided nation from my @openDemocracyUK article: 
Looking forward to talking to #LBCs James O’Brian this morning live at 11.45 on Brexit & The People’s Vote @mrjamesob @peoplesvote_uk 
The distance between U.K. brexit negotiators (Team Olly Robbins) and the cabinet had never felt greater Some cabinet minister disbelieving what was being discussed in UK’s nameU.K. Negotiators struggling given the lack of political firepower to support them from No10  
Just completed another Brexit dialogue of the deaf (her not me of course) with @JuliaHB1 @talkRADIO but she did allow me also to trail giving evidence today @DCMSArts select committee on mental health, sport and culture - important stuff with austerity and Brexit hitting funding 
“Ministers could vote for a second referendum” to break Commons logjam says Rachel Sylvester. Time to put pressure on. Start by coming on the march on Saturday.May is about to crash-land the Brexit plane  
There is a need for mutual understanding and cooperation. Meeting @campaignforleo last night we talked about the need for both when it comes to Brexit and the restoration of devolution. Importantly we need a Brexit that works for everyone.  
The biggest non Brexit decision for the Chancellor this parliament. Does he stick to manifesto commitment to balance the books by continuing with cuts, or does he end austerity as promised by the PM? He can’t do both.  
'Everyone in England is entitled to an Irish passport' - British MP displays staggering ignorance over Ireland in radio interview | The Irish Post I would laugh if it did not want to cry.  What are we doing being lead into a crazy Brexit by these people   
Just looking at how Brexit negotiations are not progressing Can anyone tell me why Olly Robbins the EU’s friend wasever given a £20k bonus or why the Appeaser rewarded him for trying to keep the U.K. in the EU.This man earns £165k for working against his Countries Interests. 
People need to wake up to the fact that @JeremyCorbyn is the solution NOT the problem.The anti-Corbyn mob are a disgrace.If @UKLabour took over Brexit negotiations it would be very different.@Theresa_May is negotiating for the Tory party, JC would negotiate for the country. 
The most powerful civil servant in the UK is saying that if you don’t like the government’s Brexit policy, stop blaming civil servants - blame ⁦@Theresa_may⁩ and her ministers. Whether deliberate or not, this is incendiary. 
Theresa May:A Brexit agreement with the EU is “still achievable”. European Union: A no-deal scenario is “more likely than ever before”. 
They have been speaking like this since Englands 1st #Brexit in 1947!!! 
2/ Brexit is not going well. On that we can all agree.The current chaos is not going to leave us better off, so what is your insurance policy? 
At best a Brexit deal reduces the harm to our country that no deal would cause but there is no conceivable Brexit deal which would leave us better off or even the same as remaining in the EU. If you disagree @Conservatives & @UKLabour show your evidence. 
IDS record:1. Tory leader they couldn't trust to enter a General Election.2. As Tory leader gave full support to the Iraq War and ridiculed Charles Kennedy for opposing.3. In government designed Universal Credit4. Leading figure in the Brexit campaignNot good. 
You will have noticed how David Davis and Boris Johnson, so clueless when actually given the responsibility for delivering Brexit, have become increasingly convinced that they could deliver a perfect outcome if only they still had the jobs they ran away from. 
Ford U-turn: no-deal #Brexit could force carmaker to reconsider UK plans Change of heart comes as #AstraZeneca and #Nissan also sound alarm about hard #BrexitWell done #Leavers, this is your fault.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Those who bankrolled Brexit now have billions riding on it being delivered. They don’t care about farmers, fishers or car makers. They are but pawns in the game. And they have been played. #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit: Parliament's steering group insists on need for Ireland/Northern Ireland backstop. Statement  
Great from @chrisgreybrexit Describes why I and many others are so scathing about the Brexit process. It is logically impossible to deliver given May’s red lines. ‘There is by definition no way of being outside of the institutions that abolish borders without creating borders.‘  
Independent: University and college staff overwhelmingly back calls for referendum on final #Brexit deal  
It would be a “dereliction of duty” if MPs voted for a “bad or blindfold” Brexit. 
What’s happening with Brexit? I’ll be discussing Brexit: The Irish Border with Irish MEP Brian Hayes Live streamed from Brussels tonight   via @YouTube 
What have the Tories achieved?Main policy Brexit: shambles, heading to a suicide no dealFlagship policy Universal Credit: shambles u-turn on delayOld flagship policy immigration: shambles every target missed, WindrushPublic services (NHS etc): shambles 
This Brexit impasse is entirely of May's making. She thinks her job is to placate the elites who hate #Brexit rather than represent the people who voted for it. Her capitulations to Brussels have brought us to the brink of betrayal, writes @Tom_Slater_ 
And when ministers and senior civil servants conspire to mislead other ministers and MPs on an issue as important as Brexit? That’s “dedicated and impartial public service” too?  
Stephen Hawking warns world about Trump and Brexit in message from 'beyond the grave'  
Answer - because trade deals have been at the heart of the Government's definition for Brexit since July 2016. People were told that Brexit would only be Brexit if we had the ability to strike trade deals. No matter the historical context or real drivers of Leave (8/11) 
This graphic is crucial. Until the Brexit propaganda campaign most people were barely interested in EuropeAnd the issue of migration peaked as a result of hysterical headlines and then declinedWe're being played by the tabloid press  
"They know perfectly well that Europe will quash their verdicts and that #Llarena will be humiliated. They know that crimes are being invented and that pretrial gaol is unnecessary... but they will stretch their revenge to the maximum, for it's all a #1Oct referendum revenge".  
Another world class company & major employer in the north west, AstraZeneca, halts investment; says Brexit is a negative, expensive, operation-wrecker. Hard to understand how all this can be so recklessly ignored - by the supposed political party of business...  
OPINION: It’s hard to avoid the conclusion that Brexit would be a lot easier if Northern Ireland were to break away from the UK  
Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn is mistaken, there's no #Brexit deal better than the one we already have, therefore any Brexit plan would be unacceptable. Marí is right, we need a leader who puts country before their own party and dogma & supports a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain 
Move over #Brexit technocrats - political leaders now take centre stage. And what are they thinking ahead of the EU summit dinner tomorrow with Theresa May? I’ve headed to Berlin:  
He has no spine. That’s why he called the referendum in the first place, in the hope that the people would do his job for him.  
V important to distinguish between ‘failure by the hopeless Theresa May to get a deal’ & a ‘no deal Brexit.’ It is very likely she won’t get a deal which can pass the Commons. But the result isn’t no deal - it will almost certainly be a people’s vote with the choice to remain 
“There is no sign of an agreement over the Irish border that does not threaten either the hard-won peace or the unity of the single market. Any possible and negotiable Brexit would be much worse for the UK than maintaining our [EU] membership,” @MollyMEP  
If #Brexit ruins research, many scientists will be leaving the UK “Many of us will be forced to move our research abroad or seek joint affiliations in the EU” @leecronin 
MPs think they’re going to be able to blame @JeremyCorbyn for @CONservatives’ Brexit failings.It. Won’t. Work. At every step of the Brexit way, the nasty, lying, cheating Tories have had a majority of some kind. .@Theresa_May has one, bought with OUR money.#gmb #r4today 
Watching FBPE swooning over Anne Sauber because she agrees with them on Brexit is nauseating. Her voting records in regards to austerity was a key ingredient in why people voted leave. Fuck Anna Soubry and the #Peoplesvote. We need a General Election 
How much more of this does there need to be before those that support Brexit realise we are punching ourselves in the face over and over again?  
There was nowhere to skateboard. There was a bit of paving outside the kitchen but one push and you were on the grass. The road outside was lethal and didn't have a path. In Harlow there was a skatepark of sorts and we went there once but I fell over and that basically is Brexit 
There was a not-so-hidden clue to how Brexit would pan out in literally everything EU side has been saying for two years.  
‘There’s no plan B’: academics race to safeguard research against Brexit  
'Storm brewing!' Furious Brexiteer warns of ‘civil UNREST’ if Brexit overturned  
Here we go - serious movement growing to get rid of Bercow swiftly in the name of the bullying culture in Hoc.Nothing at all to do with the fact that there are likely to be critical Brexit votes coming up and he's a known remainer, of course. 
#Brexit thoughts - Absolutely NO ONE voted to leave EU with no deal whatsoever, right? So in context of an outcome no one wanted, can we all stop using the phrase ‘will of the people’, now? (More accurate is ‘will of a few rabid back benchers with dubious motivations’). 
I’ll be at the People’s Vote March this Saturday 20 October because the British people should have the final say on Brexit.  
This is what Jeremy Corbyn should say: “I wanted to respect the result of the EU referendum, but it is now clear that the Brexit people voted for is very different to the Brexit they will get. Therefore, I now think that the people should have the final say in a #PeoplesVote.” 
Theresa May faces frantic 48 hours to save Brexit plan as talks stall  
There is now a hole where the Brexit deal should be:  
'Border or no border, the Irish will shoot one another if they want to' says Boris Johnson's father Stanley on @GMB @piersmorgan with no one picking him up on that statement. Not funny. It just shows the mentality.  @campaignforleo @simoncoveney #brexit 
May is about to crash-land the Brexit plane - my column for @thetimes 
'Never in living memory was Britain worse governed' says @pollytoynbee. So true. And it's not just Brexit is it? Has any good of any sort come from their rule? It's truly desperate!  
Stanley Johnson on @GMB ....Thatcher would have just said "If the Irish want to shoot each just other let them" ...in response to a Q as to how she would have dealt with Brexit talksWell at least we see where Boris got his pig headed racist ignorance from 
How weak are you? You told us we held all the cards, but even with that advantage you have failed to deliver a workable plan. It’s beyond pathetic to blame the EU for your utter failure. Brexit has failed and it’s your fault you charlatan.  
Praying for all tweeps, esp those involved in #Brexit negotiations — for commonsense and right judgement. #prayer 
Great news from @michaelgove announcing Convergence Funding review to determine fair UK farm payments post-Brexit. Also committing to keep agricultural funding out of Barnett formula, which is of direct benefit to Scottish farmers. @ScotTories @NFUStweets 
MAY'S BREXITMay's Brexit plan goes too far. It would tie us to EU law over which we'd have no say & force us to accept the ECJ rulings. It would prevent us from taking our own decisions & making our economy more competitive. And it will stop us from striking our own trade deals.  
How much has this ill conceived, self destructive, damaging nonsense Brexit cost the country so far @theresa_may ?Could the money have been put to better use supporting teachers, firemen, police officers, nurses, doctors, carers, etc,etc,etc?Not expecting a reply.#shameful 
I live near the M26 in Kent.My MP ignored my email (as usual) when I warned in July of the M26 being used as a Brexit lorry park, my local councillors thought I was doing “Project Fear”, and locals are literally denying it is anything to do with Brexit + “it will be fine”.   
1) totally patronising and 2) entirely untrue.  I have self published 6 books campaigning on issues including: Refugees, Brexit, Europe, Trump & the #SaveOurTrees campaign in #sheffield Before that I was running eco arts projects for homeless/young carers. DO YOUR RESEARCH.  
Our Airbnb host in Brussels runs a logistics company and is very excited about Brexit. 
Piers Morgan has today nailed the Remoaners!On GMBWith One Question!Do You Want Brexit To Succeed????They Have No Answer!!!! 
‘Jeremy Corbyn tells Labour MPs to reject ‘false choice’ on Brexit between May’s deal and no deal’There are other and better options - including a public vote on the deal. Great to see from ⁦@jeremycorbyn⁩ 
British Prime Minister Theresa May is to face EU leaders in a make-or-break summit on Wednesday, as European Council President Donald Tusk warns the UK is barreling towards a no-deal Brexit  
It’s NOWThe moment we can:Untangle ourselves from a disastrous, corrupt #EUSave £bn’sRealise unlimited global opportunitiesYet we have @theresa_may trying to:Assuage the disastrous, corrupt EUGive away £bn’sLimit future global opportunitiesShocking betrayal#Brexit  
Such a public intervention by the UK’s top civil servant is very rare#Brexit  
Tusk's answer - because Ireland is an EU member and you are leaving - left her nonplused. It really hasn't sunk in that "Brexit means Brexit" which means a loss of position and influence. One day an insider with a seat at the table. Next day you are looking in through the window. 
Too many commentators are approaching Brexit as if it were a classic intra-EU negotiation - between members - at which a late night deal can be done. Even the UK government approaches it that way. It still behaves and acts as if were a continuing EU member. 
more"MP demands Met police explain why Brexit inquiry dropped"@UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn should be making the same demands loudly and publicly 
The sad fact is that the whole nation will rise up in fury against Brexit once a large enough number of companies (such as AZ, Toyota etc) have left or gone bust, destroying a critical mass of jobs.So why not just do it now and save those jobs? 
MPs throw weight behind fresh Brexit referendum as hundreds of thousands prepare for major demonstration in London  
Strong #chess players change their plans when they realise that their original idea was flawed. I don't suppose Theresa May plays much chess. #Brexit 
News Daily: Crucial 48 hours for Brexit, and gifts for royal baby  
The SNP's plan (and the majority of Scotland's) for Brexit is no Brexit.  You know this, and you also know the devastation that Brexit will cause to the Scottsh economy.   Still you persisit in supporting Brexit.  Still you support the theft of my rights. 
Tues 16/10/18, @metpoliceuk still refusing to investigate the referendum fraud in-spite of most of the work having been done for them by the Electoral CommissionA crime bigger than Watergate against the people of the UKPolice refuse to investigate 
"Threatening isn't the act of a friend" - Juncker exposed.  Read #Brexit summary here:  
At least they’re showing re-runs of The Good Life - it’s about the only preparation for no-deal Brexit that’s actually happening. 
Outrage in #Macedonia - mother of child with disability says through tears she was fired from her municipal job by an appointed SDSM mayor after she didn't vote in Zaev's referendum  
‘Brexit has fallen apart, but for Theresa May, nothing has changed’  
The only thing that can save the U.K. from a no-deal Brexit disaster is to scare more Britons  via @bopinion 
'It's no more Mr Nice Guy!' Nigel Farage outlines how Britons can fight Brexit BETRAYAL  
My letter to The Times defending our Brexit team, and the values of the dedicated and impartial public service of which I’m proud to be a member. #brilliantcivilservice 
Google CEO Sundar Pichai says employee protests against the company's work with US military had little impact on management: 'We don't run the company by referendum'  
Here's the truth about Brexit, the "punishment" some people claim the EU wants to inflict on us, the full horrific consequences of no deal, and the dangers lurking behind any deal we do reach. (Also a list of further information sources at the end.) 
Perhaps Andrew Scheer is available?  Theresa May faces frantic 48 hours to save Brexit plan as talks stall  #cdnpoli 
You can't apply a proportional representation outcome to a binary referendum.  
PM meets her cabinet as the European Council prepares to discuss Brexit  
“Siri, call Mom.”  #MakeMomHappyIn3Words #POWERED 
But more seriously, I don't want to be conspiratorial but this kind of news has a way of surfacing when the nation is faced with major challenges- like the prospect of a No Deal Brexit. 
US midterms: a referendum on Donald Trump  
There comes a time you have to say “Enough is Enough.” English politicians are allowing 10 Sectarian Bigots from the North of Ireland, who are themselves controlled by ACTIVE Paramilitaries, to dictate the future quality of life of The English People. #Brexit #DUPUDAandMay 
This case is heartbreaking. But it also makes very clear that the #HostileEnvironment is still driving everything at the Home Office, no matter how many times Javid claims otherwise. It is a national disgrace and Brexit will make all this a lot worse.  
Nearly 2 million people live in Northern Ireland.The British government are willing to throw those people under the bus for Brexit.If they cared they would agree to an indefinite backstop.They do not care.They will not stop there.#StandTogether#FightBrexit#EUFamily 
Brexit is 3954 hours away. #brexit 
Berlin's view of the 'Brexit breakdown'  
Nissan has delayed pay talks with its UK workers because of Brexit  
Fairy tales from the No side in the #PropRep referendum. Another great take down from my hometown.  
Just wrapped up a presentation on the upcoming Proportional Representation referendum with the residents in my condo building in #Burnaby. Good support for changing to #pr4bc 
Also: this referendum is one reason #MIGov matters. As AG, Schuette (the GOP nominee for Gov) resisted implementing medical marijuana earlier this decade, and would likely resist efforts to expunge records of past convictions if recreational legalization passes next month. 
Brexit: Cabinet meeting kicks off crucial 48 hours  
Opinion: Proportional representation should trounce the current system in the upcoming referendum if judged on merits alone, says @ubcmath prof. Wayne Broughton -  via @KelownaCapNews 
Tune in! The insightful @fotoole Fintan O’Toole, journalist for the Irish Times, talks about the high-stakes issues involved in Brexit and shares his thoughts on a possible way forward on @kqed @world_affairs tonight at 8pm @lgirishwriters @GlobalIrish #IrelandinSF 
'Nadine Dorries’ call for Davis to be imposed as “interim” prime minister is as alarming as the thought of picking a new leader from this cabinet of knaves, fools and fantasists.' 
Coinbase opens an office in Dublin as Brexit contingency plan  
This is incorrect @BBCNews as reported here by @carolecadwalla even we found more Russian ads, Facebook simply haven't fully cooperated over the UK referendum. 
"Facebook was forced to act following controversy about ads it displayed during the.... UK's EU referendum." 
One somewhat overlooked item tonight: Donald Trump.Abigail Spanberger didn't mention Trump once. For a midterm election that most people consider a referendum on Trump, it's pretty interesting that Democrats never mention the guy! 
Irish border problem threatens Brexit deal  
Video clip from this morning’s conversation on @SquawkCNBC with @BeckyQuick @JoeSquawk & @andrewrsorkin . Here, we first chatted about the #Jets before turning out attention to #Brexit, the economy / policy landscape in #Europe & #investment implications. 
The cat is out of the bag, and the cat's name is "Leverage". Hey, if we made the UK a colony, that would solve their Brexit problem. Just an idea  
You will be 100% aware that the voters did not know exactly what they were voting for in the EU referendum, but in case the details have slipped your mind; see this response as a solid answer to your false claim by @EmporersNewC 
Tory doublespeak will lead to a Brexit disaster.  
Ireland exports 90% of the food it produces—so no security issue. Keeps access to the world‘s largest market—so much more room to manoeuvre. Smaller country? It‘s diplomatic service outmaneuvered a country more than 10x its population on Brexit. What is wrong with these people?  
Our leaders are destroying our future. #Wentworth must be a referendum on climate change | Richard Flanagan and Geoff Cousins  
Laughter in Parliament after Theresa May says the end is near for #Brexit negotiations  
Ford, AstraZeneca and Nissan threaten to cease production in the UK in event of a hard Brexit:  
In contrast to the chaotic Brexit self-harm from Westminster at least the Scottish Government has a positive plan to protect Scotland’s place in Europe. You can read it here  
MPs throw weight behind fresh Brexit referendum as hundreds of thousands prepare for major demonstration in London  
Trump: "The midterms are a referendum about me."I think that statement alone should make anyone want to go out and vote. 
Bloody hell. Missed this. But HT @RochelleSpire and @WistyEL)  bots and other online boosting made @PrisonPlanet more influential during #Brexit than ALL the other major news organisations, including the BBC @conspirator0. @J_amesp  
Ye want to know how it feels to be Scottish? We get taken to court for interfering with Brexit while the DUP get £1bn quid!!There's yer slap in the keeshter right there!#indyref2 
Oh dear!The Brexiteers thought #Brexit Britain would be the Singapore of Europe.But now its looks as if Singapore will be the EU's Singapore.And Britain won't get a look in.Trade deals are so much easier when you have a big population of buyers to offer. 
This is Brexit.This is the kind of dilettante ignorance we’re up against.This man is an ELECTED MP and he DOESN’T KNOW WHAT IRELAND IS.  
Does anyone else feel like the horrified ones in the watchtower yelling 'ICEBERG!!', realising it's too late, while the reckless Captain May of HMS Brexit proclaims 'Full steam ahead! It's what the passengers want!' 
We are only going to use the funds from this referendum for two purposes - teacher compensation and additional school safety personnel. #SecureOurFuture 
Any MP thinking of voting for any decent #Brexit deal May might broker could find themselves walking through the divisions with right-wing Tories, something I only did a couple of hundred times.  
“Labour plays games” = Corbyn stopping hard Brexit certainty outlined in Lancaster House speech by doing what he’s done. Amazing someone with decent politics can make so many errant calls for...two decades.  
At @coralparksenior tonight at a @MiamiSup Town Hall meeting to discuss #SecureOurFuture referendum...the most important local issue on the ballot in November. #362 @MDCPS 
Who's crapping themselves then A university has won a year-long fight sparked after a Conservative MP and leading Brexiteer wrote to universities across the UK asking for the names of lecturers teaching courses on Brexit and the content of their lessons. 
Laughter as Theresa May updates the House of Commons on #Brexit negotiations  
I actually can’t wait to get boo’d up so I can launch my YouTube channel and give you all advice on how to catch a man during Brexit  
Anyone who talks of how the unfolding Brexit disaster shows Scottish Independence would be a disaster too need to remember it’s because of the UK Gov ridiculous ideological red lines that this is happening. 
Will those who claim patriotism necessitates supporting #Brexit be contributing their incomes to plugging the hole in the communal kitty when the Brexit dividend fails to materialise?.I'll start by asking John Humphrys.And perhaps he can ask Jacob Rees-Mogg & co.#r4today 
Brexit is a backdoor ploy to drop EU regulation, which is designed to defend citizens against corporate greed 
From the second the Brexit vote became clear, blocking Scotland's democratic rights has been carpetbagger Tomkins only motivation. 
Shame on the politicians who still have not got to grips with the very basics of #Brexit. And shame on those spivs amongst them who knew well enough and fed them the lines they need to stay happily in thier ignorance. 
Through your experience, haven’t you demonstrated why Brexit will be catastrophic for businesses not in a position to adapt like you did? Because presumably, if you thought Brexit was going to go brilliantly, you wouldn’t have totally reconfigured your customer profile? 
One explanation for this behaviour is that May and the Brextremists are deliberately running down the clock, so that in the end our fractured political system lacks the time to prevent the country falling off the no-deal cliff. Disaster-capitalism & a #Brexit tax haven beckon.  
The EU is profoundly flawed (too undemocratic, punitive austerity etc). But big difference between acknowledging that and concluding that Brexit is the best option. 
.@SinnFeinIreland President @MaryLouMcDonald speaking to the media in Westminster today both before & after leadership delegation met with the British Prime Minister - reiterating the clear message that "Ireland should not be the collateral damage of a Tory Brexit agenda..."  
For the Brexit nerds; Timothy also suggests a compromise to end the backstop deadlock - UK could agree to remain inside the Customs Union for up to five years in exchange for a hard end date. 
What was really embarrassing about @GiselaStuart on that programme for four hours was the inability to listen to anyone: just a constant barrage of shrill blustering certainty that everything would be right with Brexit but no evidence. Pure evangelical Brexit faith but no facts. 
Comparing Ireland and the UK, 1 country faces Brexit with a stronger balance of payments, GDP and employment growth, a more stable currency, national unity, advance preparations, international goodwill, and foreign investors not eyeing the exit door. It gets more rain though... 
Brexit BREAKTHROUGH: Gibraltar border row with Spain SOLVED - now onto Ireland  
Switzerland is in Schengen. Ireland is NOT. It IS in a Common Travel that is separate to the EU and existed long before it! No Customs Union or backstop needed! An open border is fine and all this wrangling is just an attempt to keep us shackled to the EU#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
.@hermannkelly says in event of 'No Deal' ,Ireland's interests would be to leave the EU and make a trade deal with UK and other countries . #Brexit #Irexit #TonightVMT 
Soubry made important point today. Voters were promised not only a withdrawal deal on Brexit day but a trade deal too. PM promised this until a few months ago. Negotiations for that trade deal haven’t even begun. Literally nothing May’s promised, on anything, has come to pass. 
No-deal Brexit 'closer than ever' warns Donald Tusk |  
Feel no pity for Theresa May – this Brexit bind is of her own making | Polly Toynbee  
Brcko is a part of one internationally recognized state, Bosnia and Herzegovina, its internal fragmention notwithstanding. Moreover, anyone citing Dayton era Bosnia as *positive* model for how to deal w Brexit needs, at the very least, to talk to some Bosnians.  
Theresa May states that she is entering the final stages of #Brexit negotiations to the amusement of the House of Commons  
"#Labour's position on #brexit is unclear" ??? I genuinely don't understand this point of view. Either people aren't paying attention or the media isn't reporting it. And the #EU seems pretty happy with what labour has put on the table. 
Poor lamb of a Tory MSP whinges that because they broke their promises from the 2014 referendum that the SNP want Independence!!  Can I be clear, Independence best for Scotland - Brexit underlines this!!!  
Can anyone explain to me why the reply to May's Brexit bullshit, by Her Majesty's  Leader of the opposition, has not been broadcast (in it's entirety) on the UK MSM? 
Given the referendum went 52-48 there was never a mandate for a ‘hard’ Brexit, but there is a mandate for Brexit. The democratic compromise has always been to (re-)join EFTA / do a Norway and allow situation to evolve one way or other thereafter. 
Starting fracking again, ending grants for hybrid cars while temperatures hit records for October: it’s clear that the government’s plan for stopping us getting stuck for ever in a Brexit transition is to hasten the end of the planet.  
I was asked today to compile a list of ten Brexit benefits. I could only think of one: @TheNewEuropean. 
'It's no more Mr Nice Guy!' Nigel Farage outlines how Britons can fight Brexit BETRAYAL  
Absolute best woopsie of the night on #Newsnight : Northern Ireland voter when asked if UK lifeboats were strong enough for the Brexit storms ahead responds with a straight face & says of course, sure if not we can build our own, we built the TITANIC 
A Northern Ireland Brexitter has *actually* just said on #Newsnight:"We will THRIVE after Brexit. We built the Titanic!"Jesus.Wept. 
Even without a deal, there are long-term gains from Brexit. No British government could or should agree to the sort of protocol Brussels is currently demanding to unlock an orderly divorce. The UK must seriously consider no deal. ⁦@HenryNewman⁩  
This from @BobbyMcDonagh1 demonstrates how far official Ireland’s understanding of unionism has come in 20+ yrs.He accepts the seriousness of unionist concerns re: #brexit and fully respects the integrity of unionist identity.#ProgressByCompromise 
.@SinnFeinIreland Chief Negotiator @ConorMurphySF speaking on @BBCNewsnight: "It's the British Border in Ireland - it's not a problem that we created for ourselves - and we didn't create the problem of Brexit because the people in Ireland voted to remain in the European Union."  
Even without a deal, there are long-term gains from Brexit – POLITICO  
If Theresa May would stand up to the DUP and keep NI in the customs union, she would be coasting to Brexit. 
Summing up Labour MP Paul Sweeney on Scotland Tonight 'Let's just have a general election. Everything will be better with a general election. Let Labour take over Brexit. Nicola Sturgeon bad. SNP bad. 6 tests for Brexit. General election. 6 tests for a Brexit general election'  
Latest: third of the Cabinet meet in secret tonight to discuss how to thwart PM’s soft Brexit plan - lead by Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt;  
You are right - I believe the reporting & editorial culture of the FT as a whole has been corrupted by Brexit & its new owners - in its goal to secure ‘any deal’ Brexit & stop a people’s vote because it is too anti-Establishment  
Theresa May needs her own Brexit backstop in place: being ready to leave without a deal  
I wrote about the name change referendum in Macedonia, and that regardless of what happens to settle the name dispute with Greece, that no one seems to have any idea about how to stop mass emigration from the country or restore faith in "democracy"  
“We didn’t get any clarity from the British Prime Minister today. It is the British border in Ireland, it’s not a problen we created for ourselves & we didn’t create the problem of Brexit as the people of the north voted to remain” .@conormurphysf speaking on Brexit on Newsnight  
Sinn Féin's Brexit negotiator Conor Murphy says the Irish border issue is “not a problem that we created for ourselves. We need a backstop arrangement which recognises the uniqueness of our position”.@conormurphysf | @MarkUrban01 | #newsnight pic.twitter.com/qgu3eS9q2F 
It’s taken 18 months for both the UK & EU sides of this negotiation to discover the blindingly obvious. UK Unionists will not accept any border within the UK. EU single market enthusiasts don’t much like a soft land border. This was known years ago, surely? #brexit 
Was accused tonight of 'not caring about the people and just wanting to stop Brexit'. I have to admit I'm very disappointed in myself, I thought I'd been hiding it really well. I went to 'stealth summer camp' and everything - that was clearly a waste of fucking money #DammitJo 
This is moosic to our ears! Thanks to everyone for all the work that's gone into bringing this motion forward; the people of Milton Keynes have changed their minds on Brexit, thank you for representing them so well!  #MiltonKeynes #LoveMK #PeoplesVote 
Looking forward to a no deal Brexit. Retweet if you are too. 
Former Brexit minister Steve Baker says “eurosceptics today are campaigning for the deal which the EU has offered us… but for the whole UK. That’s what we want and that can’t be an extreme position”.@SteveBakerHW | @MarkUrban01 | #newsnight 
senior UK gov figure on the consequences for Ireland of a no-deal Brexit: “They would be hit the hardest, they would be fucked, less food security, smaller country, small economy, less ability to manoeuvre, if you think our house prices will fall 30% theirs will go down 50-60%” 
I will never forgive this nation for voting brexit. Do you know how hard studying EU Law is now 
Theresa May deserves not an iota of sympathy for the mess she has on her hands. She chose to trigger Article 50 March last year, despite having no agreed plan for Brexit. She didn't have to, she chose to. Since then she's red-lined herself into a corner. She's useless. #newsnight 
We need to think very carefully about who we put on the £50 note, as we'll be using them a lot more after Brexit to pay for things like a pint of milk or a loaf of bread. 
48% voted against Brexit all together.52% of voters said they wanted more control in 2016.May's Brexit deal leaves us with less control.I'm not saying 100% would rejected May's Brexit Deal in a #PeoplesVote, but... I'd guess it would be a hell of a lot more than 52%. 
I didn’t realise before the Brexit nightmare just how badly educated we are in this country in terms of- critical thinking skills- understanding of politics & economyand how easily influenced / manipulated people are by RW tabloids.@BBCNews has let us down massively too  
Voice of the Mirror — 'May's Brexit is a national humiliation'  
This country cannot allow a Labour Marxist Government into power. There would be no Brexit full stop. There would be no Armed Forces or a Nuclear Deterrent which nobody wants to use but is essential. You would have Corbyn and McDonnell chatting to every terrorist in the world. 
i wish you could mute words in real life like you can on twitter because every time brexit comes up i actually just want to rip my ears off 
Don’t worry folks Brexiters know more about running Ford than Ford do.In the real world, it’s not surprising that the case for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit is becoming overwhelming & a clear majority of the public now support the UK remaining in the EU. 
If your colleagues had half the backbone you possess, there would have been a leadership election 6 months ago.  Surely Theresa May's miserable reign as PM is coming to an end: she can't be trusted to deliver a satisfactory Brexit agreement. Lied from the get go & caved in to EU 
As the Tories #brexit shambles gets even worse, the prospect of a General Election gets closer. Some good insights here from Paul mason about some of the issues us Labour folks need to start thinking about now to be ready if and it is a big if, we win..  
When I was a young man and first saw these continental street urinals I thought them the most revolting things imaginable. Nothing over the last 40 years has changed my mind.  #BuildTheWall #Brexit  
That's why we must all march with our friends and families next Saturday in London against all this Brexit madness descending on this wonderful country. #PeoplesVote #C4PV 
Never been a marcher till confronted by the current UK takeover by Brexit ideologues who are taking the country in a very wrong direction for my children. I want common sense and reason to prevail in our institutions and political class again. #PeoplesVote is now our last hope. 
‘Never within living memory was Britain worse governed’- @pollytoynbee on May and the #Brexit bind  
Today is the first anniversary of the fall of #Kirkuk 16 October following the @Kurdistan independence referendum. The world ignored the Kurds and sacrificed them for their unity of #Iraq policy. I was one of the few photographers on the ground who covered Kirkuk's fall. 
The people who’ve led the resistance against Brexit will one day be honoured: @thatginamiller, Clarke, Hezza, @DavidLammy and, yes, @mk1969. 
You what?!? Backstop to the backstop?!? #Brexit in danger of becoming incomprehensible to all but the political anoraks...  
The Guardian front page, Tuesday 16 October 2018: May lobbies EU leaders in race to rescue Brexit summit deal  
Well of course. Morning after the Brexit result Nicola  over to Berlin - she is so professional didn’t know there was no one in - recess. German interviewer “Why are you here” blah blah blah said Nic’la. All that excitement came to nothing.   
This particular race is going to a real referendum on my international popularity.  
It is unbelievable that, given all the national and global crises that assail us, Britain is destroying itself over an unattainable Brexit. This nonsense shames our nation. Only another vote can restore sanity 
Hunting season has opened in #Spain. Double points for charging a Catalan, no matter how ridiculous the charges. Triple points for charging with rebellion. Viva Espana, the most advanced civilization in the world. And the independence referendum in Scotland never happened.  
Hi Tory MP @Abridgen,You're a member of the extremist ERG Brexit group chaired by Jacob Rees-Mogg. I just listened to what you said. This is the 7th attempt at writing this tweet. The previous 6 all contained profanity that would make a sailor weep.  
The president of the European Council, Donald Tusk, says a no-deal Brexit is now more likely than ever. @TomSwarbrick1 asks: should we be prepared to leave the EU without a deal? 
The Irish border should be pushed to the River Tweed for the purposes of Brexit. No one beyond the Tweed wants to leave the EU. 
Hear, hear. This #Brexit calamity needs a lot more cross-party collaboration. It’s gone beyond left/right, north/south, rich/poor, English/Scottish to being a national emergency. We need more sane people and politicians from all sides to speak up for sanity & reason. #PeoplesVote 
This is bad news. We need to keep our world-class research base if we want our pharmaceutical industry to survive & thrive. That’s one reason I got an amendment to #Brexit law to make sure the Govt keeps us in the European medicines regulatory network.  
Want to learn more about how all 10 schools will benefit from the #WWPreferendum? Join me 9 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 16, at Town Center Elementary School for presentation with TC, MRS and Wicoff PTA's for a presentation on the referendum!  
This @guardian editorial out today says "membership of the Anglican church correlates strongly with hostility to Brexit"    ... But I thought the research showed the opposite?  Not sure, but I suspect the@guardian has got this wrong. 
A view from Germany:"It took years for Northern Ireland to find peace. Brexit threatens to tear open old wounds. There is a good compromise on the table on on how to solve the difficult Ireland issue" 
27 Prime Ministers and Presidents, 27 experienced Europe and Foreign Ministries, combined GDP bigger than any country but the US, 3 of the G7, a permanent UN Sec council member, and he thinks they set Brexit policy based on what some UK ex-politicians tell them it should be? Tcha  
If Theresa May were a cat, still believing she could get a good #brexit deal  
I can see huge #Ford Bridgend plant from my house. So many jobs at risk “Mr Armstrong said there was an investment strategy for Bridgend for the near-term future, and that plan would continue.But beyond that, "it very much depends on what happens post-Brexit”.”#StopBrexit 
I'm afraid this is only the beginning of the destruction of our 40 years of industrial progress that was built on being part of the EU. Please, please wake up before we lose more and more of our jobs and businesses. #Brexit will make us poorer  
unionists think there is some secret pan nationalist republican groupchat plotting on removing the border through brexit, lmao thats not all we are doing, we are also screenshotting your tweets and laughing at how much of a daft cunt you are 
I genuinely wish England all the very best in their future as an Independent country post Brexit #DissolveTheUnion 
'We won't betray Brexiteers!' MP has STERN message for Remainers wanting to THWART Brexit  
A frequent response from the (dwindling daily) Quitters is “We knew what we were voting for!”  Well, either they are spectacularly good psychics or they are so bone-headed they will accept any deal which includes the word Brexit. To which I say #StopBrexit. @peoplesvote_uk 
My prediction for the John Lewis ad:Meghan Markle is in labour, Harry mopping her brow. She gives birth to a new female Messiah who shoots out of her and flies to America where she kills Trump with love before returning to cancel Brexit.Music: Sweet Dreams covered by Sigrid. 
A handy list of who's to blame for Brexit not going well. Latest update.  
Interesting U-turn from @andrew_lilico, who's now pointing out that "the referendum ballot paper did not say 'leave the Customs Union' or 'leave the Single Market' - it just said "Leave the EU".  
Wonder what @michaelgove thinks of - he is being mugged by reality for the 965th time since he accused me of it. Having told him firms would leave & Brexit a job killing disaster so no surprise? Not to mention porta potties, food & medicine being stored by govt due to brexidiots  
Of the 7 giant airport projects worldwide reviewed by this website, only ONE may not happen because of an $80,000 citizen referendum, decided largely by voters who have never been on an airplane.Read closely and see if you can guess which one it is...  
Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, has warned that a no-deal Brexit 'is more likely than ever before' and that recent negotiations with the UK have 'proven to be more complicated than some may have expected.'  
The above is just another example of how the media have perpetuated the myths of "Labour's Brexit policy isn't clear" or "Corbyn never talks about Brexit". More of what I mean below. It all shows we do have to be our own media and share stuff like this.. 
Imbecile. If you knew anything about the EU, you would know Article 50 process was never meant to be used, they didn't expect anyone to be that stupid. But it was designed to give EU the upper hand, it's basically a trap. Ironically drafted by a British man!#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Hands up if you are looking forward to Saturday and showing our sorry excuse of a government what the actual ‘will of the people’ is with regards to Brexit. I’ll be there. Will you? #PeopesVoteMarch 
Brexit could cost us what remains of our manufacturing base. This might not worry the Tories - but for millions it represents their livelihoods, their communities and is a source of pride. Only @UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn can #StopToryBrexit 
Ford vowed back in April that they would stay in the UK after Brexit. Today, they warned that in a no-deal Brexit situation, that commitment may not stand.  
Won’t get mine.Do you know why?Because a ‘softer Brexit’ isn’t Remain.  
#Brexit shouldn’t proceed while serious doubts remain over the legitimacy of the 2016 vote. @UKParliament should expedite a new vote, this time explicitly outlawing interference by foreign governments, also individuals & organisations with malign intent 
The problem the Conservative Party has is that Theresa May has blown the trust of the electorate. Nobody believes her anymore over Brexit or much elseThis trust is v unlikely to be recoverable. The longer she stays the more damaging it will become. It is easily fixed. #MayMustGo 
FIRST EPISODE OF #REMAINERNOW PODCASTHere we talk to @damidude about why he voted leave, why he changed his mind & what he's now doing to fight #BrexitIt's a bit rough & ready (awkward pause at start) but hope it's interesting.Links to articles etc  
Just noticed that the Edinburgh Agreement was signed 6 years ago today - seems like another age of civilised politics now replaced by complete #Brexit chaos presided over by a Tory party at war with itself and listening to no one. #allbetsareoff 
Tomorrow's front page... FM urges MPs to vote against PM's "cobbled together blind Brexit"  
Stephen Hawking warns world is 'in danger' in message recorded before his death and blames Trump and Brexit... 
Its time to tell @theresa_may we must have a #PeoplesVote so please come along to the #PeoplesVoteMarch on saturday and make your feelings heard to her and @jeremycorbynBrexit has fallen apart, but for Theresa May, nothing has changed 
Superdry issues warning if 18m hit on profits and shares down 21%Oh dear how sad. Guess slagging off those who support Brexit wont have helped sales. Keep the boycott of an obnoxious Remaniacs business going this Autumn folks #StandUp4Brexit 
Extending the Brexit transition period or the Customs Union to 2021 will bring down the Conservative party. Nothing but simple logical conclusion.This will entirely be on the shoulders of Theresa May and all the Tory MPs supporting her. WAKE UP. You can stop this. #MayMustGo 
The border between Ireland and Northern Ireland is now largely invisible. But it has become a point of contention in the Brexit conversation.  
As so often, this blog by @chrisgreybrexit explains clearly what is happening in the latest developments in Brexit, what happens next, and where all this may end up (spoiler: not in a good place!). Worth reading and RT as well.  
The Tory party should be absolutely ashamed of what they've done to this Country by calling the pathetic EU Referendum in the first place and expecting innocent people to make such a decision when provided with a complete pack of lies. Disgraceful CON #Brexit 
Labour may force softer Brexit position, says party source. In other words, the Labour leadership is still committed to Brexit but wants Remainer votes.#PeoplesVote 
Wentworth must be a referendum on ClimateChange, say Richard Flanagan and Geoff Cousins#WentworthVotes #auspol 
I want us to turn the tide against child poverty, confront the violence in our streets, and for London to have a stronger voice against Brexit. This is why I’m proud to standing to be your Liberal Democrat candidate for Mayor of London. #lucy4london 
This advert comes to you from an MP that took an undisclosed donation from George Soros. I funded my Brexit effort rather than take money from overseas billionaire ..  
Imagination, flexibility, ambition etc have all been Brexiter code words for letting the UK leave the EU and yet, sort of, stay. They sold Brexit to leave voters on the basis this was easily achievable and, ever since, have pretended that it is only EU 'punishment' preventing it.  
May says her aim with #Chequers is 'frictionless' trade with EU post #Brexit.Sorry no, that's what Remain warned, people still voted to leave. Because sovereignty matters more than the frictions the EU may throw our way.If this doesn't prove May is a remainer what will?  
Regardless of one’s party affiliation or sympathy, it is a mystery how UK Labour Party cannot organise itself to profit from what is an epical disaster (not just Brexit, but also it’s mismanagement) on the other side. Total paralysis on biggest issue for atleast two generations. 
Our leaders are destroying our future. Wentworth must be a referendum on climate change  
How Brexit could herald the break up of the U.K.My documentary on N Ireland (and Britain’s) future. 
Brexit - meltdown of the British political class. Labour could end the madness now by coming out with a clear position for Single Market and Customs Union membership. It’s the only deal that can get through the Commons.  
What absolute hypocrisy!  Labour won't support ANY deal, not because none could meet its impossible "tests" but because creating political mayhem to damage the government is far more important to them than Brexit or the interests of the country.  
May faces frantic 48 hours to save Brexit plan as talks stall  
In Westminster today with @MaryLouMcDonald , @moneillsf & @conormurphysf meeting with British PM Theresa May. Ireland will not be collateral damage in a Tory/DUP Brexit. It’s time for Theresa May to demonstrate leadership and to face down the wreckers in the DUP.  
Overall, my reading of this report is that a no deal Brexit would not be too bad so long as we make assumptions which ignore most of its bad effects. 9/9 
At Party conference you agreed if this Tory Brexit farce does not lead to a general election you will support a @peoplesvote_uk with option to Remain. So would one of you like to speak at the rally after Saturday march? @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @johnmcdonnellMP All welcome 
Kenyans must reject the cynical referendum by @UKenyatta and his lapdogs: All constitutional amendments since 1964 have consolidated authoritarianism and thwarted democracy. Jomo Kenyatta's 1964 and Moi's 1982 amendments made Kenya a DICTATORIAL One-Party State. #SayNoToUjinga. 
I agree about the profound crisis. I am 73 years old, and Brexit is the most depressing political event of my adult life. 
My 6 tests for Brexit, will it:1. Damage our economy? - Yes2. Weaken us diplomatically? - Yes3. Erode community cohesion? - Yes4. Make us less safe? - Yes5. Attenuate us culturally? - Yes6. Break up the UK? - Yes#stopbrexit #peoplesvote 
Proper Brexit tackle that is 
Thorough chance to convey plight of fishing.Eloquently conveyed by @nereus172, Braken & Scott to an attentive @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & the most steadfast, stalwart supporter of British fishing @Nigel_Farage Achieving Brexit worth more than even 42,000 poxy EU parliament meetings!  
Labour's Brexit Policy is crystal clear:• A Customs Union• Single Market Access• No Hard Border in Eire• Frictionless Trade• Accept EU standards• No priority on US trade deal• Guarantee all EU citizens rights• Skills based immigration system• Tariff Free access 
#Brexit needed a 10 year plan just to try and understand its complexities. The bottom line is that we have a bunch of amateurs trying to sort out this debacle in a 2 year window, so the woeful mess which has resulted, has been completely predictable 
I berated @Nigel_Farage in Torquay recently, and @SkyNews went with this! #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
A guy rang @Nigel_Farage on his show this evening & asked about The Barcelona Declaration. After an awkward pause, Nigel said "I wouldn't get too hung about that that...there are much more important things to dwell on".He really won't talk about anything but Brexit; never Islam! 
Brexit supporters. I have to ask you.Do you ever have the teeniest, weeniest inkling that you've made a horrendous mistake? 
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: No-deal divorce 'CLOSER THAN EVER before', warns Donald Tusk  
My article in today’s Belfast Telegraph. While the backstop is only an insurance, it could be the basis for a special deal that gives us a golden route through Brexit. Do people have the vision to take it? 
Wonder why we’ve been losing money since the Brexit vote? (>2% GDP growth)Well, you tend to save ££ when you share costs across 28 nations and don’t have to replicate all those dozens of frameworks, hire all those civil servants, customs officers, etc, etc  
'Nobody will be happier that Meghan Markle is going to have a baby than Theresa May because the PM is utterly clueless on #Brexit at the moment.'  @Kevin_Maguire on May's Brexit statement.   
May has only has two options deliver the Brexit the people voted for, or be forced out of office! Your decision @theresa_may 
You’re right the Brexit jury was denied the evidence. They had the entire machinery of the state & the EU & many other international witnesses spending vast amounts of money perjuring themselves about the terrible impact of leaving EU yet still they delivered the right verdict.  
From day one, I’ve said the DUP supported #brexit so they could build a border to shut NI off from rest of Ireland, before demographics brought about a UNited Ireland. 
May's BRINO    = bad dealGE > Lab Gov't = bad dealGE > Con Gov't = back to May's BRINONew PM/deal   = Parl't rejectParl't don't want Brexit, but assuming they can't stop a 'no deal'/WTO exit, is it the UK's only chance of an actual Brexit in 2019? 
What’s all this doom and gloom talk over Brexit and how the pound will suffer? Sterling doing very well in Europe tonight! #ESPENG 
I just want this to be over.So many people's lives and livelihoods are on the line.A once-prosperous country is severing its economic lifelines. The values I stand for are being replaced with nationalistic hate.My children are emigrating.WHY?#Brexit. 
Tory Remainer MPs have turned on Theresa May and the Brexiteers over the handling of Brexit as they used their House of Commons speeches to call for a People’s Vote.  
The reason we had a referendum is because it hasn’t been possible to reconcile the two polarised views in the last three decades.  
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT!!!#ESPENG 
Theresa May's statement on Brexit negotiations is jeered by some in the House of Commons and then rebuffed by Jeremy Corbyn.Get the latest on Brexit negotiations here:  
What the fuck is going on with Spain? This isn't what I ordered. We need to destroy English confidence before crucial Brexit talks. We can't let them think they can achieve on their own. They need to realise how insignificant they are in the world. 
The SNP have been in power for 11 years. They've spent much of that time on constitutional issues such as Independence, Brexit and Devolution. Imagine the difference they could have made if instead of all that they had spent their time improving our economy and public services. 
If 17.4m people were keen to support Brexit in 2016, why didn’t May win a 200 seat majority in 2017? 
Eric Dier has just pulled of the most Brexit means Brexit tackle since football begun #England #Spain #ESPENG #Dier 
#Brexit is unpatriotic and treacherous act, as it will damage the country by destroying jobs, wrecking the economy and harming people lives. The dishonourable MPs that support it should be prevented from ever standing for parliament again. 
In 1995, Turkey agreed to a customs union with the EU - a temp measure on the way to a 'better' deal. It's still stuck in that halfway house.If the Govt capitulates to EU demands on customs, we'll be like Turkeys voting for Christmas?#Brexit  
Brussels gives UK a 24-hour Brexit deadline to firm up their position after talks break down.  
Theresa May presents Brexit: the third-rate village pantomine | John Crace  
Even if Brexit is stopped, you've got to think about how language and rhetoric coming from DUP is in any way conducive to power-sharing or a healthy political environment: "Blood red lines", "Guerilla war", " we've cut off our eyelids" "battle for the union".... 
Nissan delays the start of wage talks with its British workers until the terms of Brexit have been settled  
There is just one question I'd like any journalist from @BBCScotlandNews or @STVNews to ask any of the Union supporting leaders. If they know brexit is going to be so bad for Scotland, why are they advocating we stay in the UK. #Dissolvetheunion 
It was a moment that has been about 18 months in gestation, but the decision by Dominic Raab to walk away from the Brexit negotiating table on Sunday night was entirely predictable. What comes next is much less so 
The main thing I took from the Commons debate on Brexit today was what a shower of awful MPs we have. With a few honourable exceptions. 
Shout out to the Remain heroes greeting Nigel Farage & the brainwashed idiots who lined his pockets tonight at a ‘Save Brexit’ rally in Bournemouth. #DorsetForEurope 
Sat thru the whole debate on Brexit today. Not a single person spoke in support of TM’s deal. Upshot is...no one is any the wiser about what Brexit actually is. Everyone’s interpreting the referendum how they want & there’s total deadlock. Only one way to find out...#peoplesvote 
Feel no pity for Theresa May – this Brexit bind is of her own making | Polly Toynbee  
For all the talk that Theresa May was a submarine Remainer in 2016, the Irish border was one of the issues she campaigned most vocally on. Here she is in Northern Ireland two days before the referendum  
'Storm brewing!' Furious Brexiteer promises to ensure ‘civil UNREST’ if Brexit overturned  
Brexit Talks Deadlocked...  
You can only imagine the furore if an Irish political representative summoned the example of the Irish Volunteers in 1916 in the midst of all this #Brexit chaos - yet more irresponsible hyperbole from Brexiteers  
Any day now, the German car manufacturers are going to leap out from their hiding place and shout, "Surprise! Here's your bumper Brexit deal!"Trust me, I can feel it 
"Shortly before Trump won the White House more than half of white Americans without degrees felt that Washington did not represent "people like me". Shortly before Brexit almost half of Britain's working-class felt the same way."  
Even without a deal, there are long-term gains from Brexit  Good sensible stuff in a universe of nutters. 
On most #EU issues we are like-minded, such as the negotiations on the new #MFF, the eurozone, ongoing efforts to destroy the business model of people smugglers or #Brexit. 
I genuinely heard an ERG member in a Radio 5 interview say that they are ‘prepared to die in a ditch’ to get their Brexit. Says it all and ditches will probably be a highlight when this lot have finishes 
Whether you call it a People’s Vote or a Final Say, I’ll be joining thousands on Saturday marching for the British people to have a vote on any Brexit deal the government manages to negotiate with the EU #PeoplesMarch #FinalSay #ToryBrexitChaos 
Thank you all. History will be kind to you for preaching moderation and a sensible democratic solution to the Brexit shambles! #PeoplesVote #C4PV 
In the blue corner we have @Conservatives offering Singapore-on-Sea #BrexitIn the red corner we have @UKLabour offering VenezuelaLite #BrexitPersonally I'd rather a sunny yellow #Remain @LibDems#FinalSayForAll 
Nearly 100,000 signatures so far on this petition to the EU to make European citizenship a permanent right. Relevant to all affected by #brexit  
How can the Tories sort out the Brexit mess when they can't address their own problems:Islamophobia Homophobia RacismXenophobia Windrush Poverty Homelessness Housing Crisis Schools Crisis Policing Crisis NHS Crisis Failed Austerity Social Care Crisis 
So here’s how the Sun, Mail and Telegraph (all pro Brexit) ‘covered’ the Irish backstop in December. Great example of how Brexit has become more extreme as process has gone on  
Brexit will weaken Europe, isolate Britain and fuel global tensions | @ianbremmer for CNN Business Perspectives  
Sinn Féin delegation led by @MaryLouMcDonald and @moneillsf are meeting with British PM Theresa May tonight in London. Ireland will not be collateral damage in a Tory/DUP Brexit. It’s time for Theresa May to demonstrate leadership and to face down the wreckers in the DUP.  
@Janice4Brexit We are being betrayed over #BrexitPlease support this petition by retweeting as widely as possibleThank you #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
For years of theft and robbery of Scotland's oil water and land for the contempt on us with Brexit and much worse your assault on the most vulnerable and poorest Scotland is a warm hearted country we don't like to see people punished homeless & starving kids so #Dissolvetheunion 
In 2014 Carswell and Reckless put principles before party in their desire to gain an EU Referendum by resigning and calling a by-election.Tory/Labour MPs now trying to stop Brexit after being elected in 2017 on pro-Brexit manifestos.Where are the resignations out of principle? 
One of Europe’s biggest equity traders picks Dublin for its EU base after Brexit  
If you like became Atikulated and Obinized. I put it to you, nothing can stop the restoration of Biafra.  Not even Igbo presidency can stop Biafra from coming. Biafra Referendum in my mind. @Amaka_Ekwo 
So here I find myself, missing Scotland, my home, whilst travelling on the continent. The one good thing: NO talk about Brexit. Europeans don‘t care any longer about WGV shambles. We need out of the UK! #scotref #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2 
Oh just shut up you annoying insignificance. Your not even convincing as a football pundit so you have no chance entering a political arena.... it's grown up stuff!#Brexit  
Theresa May claims to be acting in the national interest to get the best Brexit deal for Britain. This is totally bogus. Her motives are all about a desperate cling to power - the national interest is a very poor second. A shambles created by her. We all deserve better than this. 
Scot Tories out in force attacking the SNP on the day their leader all but admitted she has failed to get at Brexit deal and will force a #HardBrexit on Scotland against its will. Utterly shameless. 
Neither a shrill demand, nor a wistful aspiration. Irish reunification is a reasoned, pragmatic and wholly realistic solution to the devastation Brexit will wreak on Northern Ireland’s economy.  
'Storm brewing!' Furious Brexiteer promises to ensure ‘civil UNREST’ if Brexit overturned  
Sinn Féin wants Northern Ireland vote in event of no-deal #Brexit  
HOT LEGAL TAKE: I’ve been reading some stuff in the news, and I dunno but I’m starting to think that maybe Brexit is slightly more complicated than people said it would be. 
I can't decide whether Brexit is The Apprentice (cheerful egomaniacs making wild claims about the brilliant deals they're going to pull off) or Grand Designs (people who find themselves living in an unheated caravan for three years after dismissing the advice of experts). 
#Brexit talks have collapsed as there’s no agreement on how to avoid a hard border on #Ireland. A no-deal #Brexit is now perilously close. Nobody voted for that, but @Theresa_May has ruled out a #PeoplesVote. Watch the video and share @Jon_Danzig’s report:  
Boris Johnson translation: Let's push the British people off the no-deal economic cliff so while the plebs suffer we can make ourselves, our cronies and super-rich patrons a shedload of money through an orgy of disaster-capitalism & a #Brexit tax haven. #PeoplesVote 
Law Professor explains that leaving the single market would allow the creation of Free Zones (FZ), areas able to create tens of thousands of jobs and spread wealth across the countryYet another benefit of Brexit that must not be wastedHe explains  
Well done to these MPs for standing up for democracy and backing a @peoplesvote_uk. Nobody is getting what they voted for on Brexit.Let the people decide if they want May’s deal or to #Remain. 
Brexit will impact everyone- the £ in your pocket, it may cost you your job. It will reduce opportunities your kids will have to travel & work with ease as they do at the minute via EU membership. It may even stop you receiving healthcare. If you don't want this #Rally4Remain!! 
For everyone obsessing about regulatory divergence, here’s @IPPR research that shows #Brexit was a vote for re-regulation not deregulation...  
Dear People Of Britain, you know how it’s a fact that the sky is blue and there are 7 days in a week. It is also a fact that THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A GOOD BREXIT DEAL.  Thank you and good luck. Respectfully, Aunt Olive x 
I believe in democracy & you don't fucking criminally cheat in a national referendum. #CrimeScene #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Politicians stop swimming with the shoal.    The sands have shifted. Break ranks and lead. Brexit is whiffing kinda badly#Peoplesvote  
NEW: No-deal Brexit 'closer than ever' warns Donald Tusk 
To the British Unionists in NI my advice if you want to stay in the  British Union you better discover oil in Lough Neagh and PDQ.You are now just a hindrance to a Little England’s Brexit wet dream, don’t say you weren’t warned about your London chums. 
Striking how few MPs have grasped what happened in 2016. It was a vote for seismic change: cultural and political. A demand for re-empowerment. It’s not for MPs to concoct excuses for neutralising the result. Parliament asked the people. The people answered.Brexit is expected. 
Labour have been holding the Tories to account over any Brexit deal they attempt to come back with, by ensuring they meet six tests laid down by Keir Starmer. Some jeer at these, but they're merely claims the Tories themselves made - should they not be made to keep their word?  
I guess, some days, you have to stop worrying about Brexit and settle for a few grave bones and licking your boy bits.... I declare that tomorrow shall be such a day...... 
Scotland doesn't want the shrinking economy of brexit, Scotland wants to grow it's economy, it's not possible under Westminster rule and brexit, it's time to #DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit is just the expression of a long-festering British pathology. Britain never regarded the EU as an organisation of friends and allies, instead taking a combative 'what's in this for us?' attitude, with a healthy measure of xenophobic suspicion, enhanced by the gutter press. 
Dave Brown on the Brexit Irish border issue – political cartoon gallery in London  
You & your party would do well to remember two things, 1: Scotland voted to Remain in the EU & you should be standing up for that, & 2, Scotland's voters will remember that you didn't. When Brexit destroys our economy do you think people won't know who to blame? 
If May can’t ram a deal through Parliament and won’t ask for an extension to Brexit talks, what other options is there but a #PeoplesVote? When asked that question today, Theresa May gave a slightly surprising answer. 
Japanese companies with production in UK (not just automotive) represent a total turnover of around £29bn, about half of which is exported to EU. With a no deal Brexit these exports would immediately be hit by tariffs as well as border checks, disrupting the supply chains. 1/2 
Labour created ATOS. Labour created the BedroomTax. Labour abstained on welfare votes. Corbyn forced a 3-line whip on Brexit votes but not on austerity cuts. We need to #DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit Rally is filling up nicely. #LeaveMeanLeave #Bournemouth #SaveBrexit @NerveNews @Nigel_Farage @Bournemouthecho @ConorBurnsUK 
Sinn Féin wants Northern Ireland vote in event of no-deal Brexit  
Just met PM to discuss state of play in #Brexit talks. Appreciated her update. Clear though that there are some fundamental differences still to be resolved. My view clear that single market and customs union membership is best way to find resolution and secure way forward. 
in the critical 2016 election season, Jim Messina was focused on [checks notes] ah yes an Italian constitutional referendum campaign (which he lost)  
Sorry,  we don't need your divisive #LosersVote second referendum,  thanks all the same....... and to liken @andreajenkyns to a terrorist because of her fighting  'analogy',well,  that's just way below the belt and utterly disgraceful. 
Oh dear just as I suspected Brexit was not going to be easy & Brexiteers should have listened to the experts who told them they had no credible plans once again that ignorant fool @michaelgove mugged by reality when will the NHS 350m a week be paid just asking for a friend LOL 
Someone just told us about Theresa May's statement today but we're pretty sure they got confused and were just describing her previous speech on the progress of the Brexit negotiations. Or the one before that. Or the one before that.  
Tomorrow's @Independent cartoon... #TheresaMay #IrishBorder #DUP #Brexit  
BREXIT SHOCK: No deal is 'MOST LIKELY' outcome and could be implemented within WEEKS Time for a #NoDeal - the constant scurrying over to Brussels does not a good negotiation make - its been badly handled, let's move to a #NoDeal & end all this humiliation 
There is now a hole where the Brexit deal should be:  
This government is orchestrating a cover-up on a massive scale. #Brexit should be stopped and a full scale investigation launched into foreign involvement, electoral crime, and the cover-up. #PeoplesVote 
The only brain on #Brexit worth listening to @NicolaSturgeon #Scotland British Nationalist media will side with Imperialist Westminster on their absolutely waste of space PM & Tory cabinet/Tory party who treat the public like idiots. #IndyRef2 
Brexit is a get rich quick, pay less tax, scheme by Establishment spivs and speculators, masquerading as a patriotism project where we 'take back control'. Instead we lose the control we had, aided and abetted by a suerprisingly large coalition of the stupid in Parliament. 
So @theresa_may will make her pitch for a Brexit deal to EU leaders as the hors d’oeuvre is served on Wednesday night but then leave the table before the plat de resistance. 
One of the things that most worries me about the Brexit negotiations is the word "backstop". Not very English. Surely "long stop" or "third man on the boundary rope" would be better. Or "deep fine leg". 
It's not about guts. It's about political intelligence. If Corbyn opposed Brexit before the deal is even on the table he would give Theresa May, Brexiteers and the RW press the perfect opportunity to blame him for a bad deal. Thankfully, he's too smart to fall into that trap.  
Wow! The ITV 6:30pm news bulletin out BBC’s the BBC. @romillyweeks gets through a long report on the May’s #Brexit statement WITHOUT mentioning or covering Jeremy Corbyn’s response. No doubt to allow idiots to say Corbyn was silent? Shameful. Anyway, here’s part of his response..  
What the #Remoaners are saying is that #Brexit is just too difficult,So we'll allow the 5th biggest economy in the world to be run by the unelected EU dictators.Well, the 17.4m Brits who voted #LEAVE are made of sterner stuff than that & we won't let you betray us in this way. 
Time to face down the DUP wreckers, who have wrecked devolved government and now they’re determined to wreck any potential mitigation of the worst impact of Brexit for citizens, for our economy and for future prosperity  
Jeremy Corbyn has played a blinder. First, he supported the result of the referendum, giving Theresa May no excuse to blame Labour for it going tits up. And secondly, his brilliant campaigning during the GE wiped out the Tory majority, making May's job virtually impossible.  
Midwife, Michelle Llewellin Jones, like so many people who voted for Brexit, is a #RemainerNow.“I did vote to leave, but I’ve massively changed my mind since. I really feel like I was misled. I work in the NHS and I think the NHS will suffer massively from us leaving” 
This isn't just a loss of jobs which will hit Astra Zenica staff and suppliers and other small businesses hard, it's a permanent loss of hard won expertise to our rivals in an important sector of the U.K. economy. Brexit is a massive own goal 
⁦@DerryGirlsAB⁩ with ⁦@MichelBarnier⁩ - bringing a great campaign to Brussels #Brexit .  
We interrupt this brexit broadcast bro announce.....My brother's baby boy has just been born!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HAPPINESS!!!!!!!!! 
A reminder that as Brexit politics flounders, the consequences - for investment, jobs, taxes for public services - proceed. This one especially significant for strategically crucial pharma industry, but it's the same picture across a swathe of sectors and businesses large & small  
Very useful thread revealing EU’s current position on Brexit negotiations  
After Theresa May's Brexit Statement in the commons,DUP leader Arlene Foster insists Northern Ireland MUST NOT be any different to Great Britain.Except of course when it comes to gay marriage, reproductive law, culture and being located at the top of ANOTHER country  
844 days since the EU referendum and this MP still hasn't a clue on Ireland.  
Dear @andreajenkyns, you have seriously blocked the CEO of @The3Million, the organisation you falsely accused of trying to thwart Brexit during an evidence session at the House of Commons? Weak or pathetic? Which one is it?  
Dumb piece on @BBCNews interviewing Swansea Bay  voters on Brexit. Plenty of general questions but never “why?”. WHY do you think we’ll be richer post Brexit? WHY do you think the NHS will be better off? WHY do you believe what you do about Brexit? Where is the evidence? 
Know what?I'm at the point where I'd like to see @NicolaSturgeon and @CarolineLucas and @LeanneWood take the reins for awhile.Everybody else can duke it out!#BrexitShambles#NicolaSturgeon#CarolineLucas#LeanneWood#Brexit  
Senior diplomatic source says EU negotiators were ‘astonished’ by British ‘intransigence’ over linking the Brexit bill to a trade deal and this contributed to tensions on Sunday as well as Irish issue. They feel UK is trying to reopen sequencing of talks it previously agreed to. 
For those who missed the PM statement on #Brexit this afternoon,  heres a clip to sum it up.#BinTheBackstop #StandUpForBrexit 
Off work today and only just had a chance to read the new ScotGov paper on Brexit. Have to say, there's very little in there I would disagree with. 
The odds are if #annasoubry had told David Cameron before 2016 that Tory austerity and race baiting would cause the chaos of Brexit rather than supporting it; we would not be on the precipice of ruin now. 
Worth remembering what has already been agreed with regards to #Brexit & a backstop for Northern Ireland  
Astra Zeneca has announced that time has run out and it is stopping all future investment in the UK as a result of #Brexit uncertainty.May today confirmed they are still a way off a deal with the EUWhich large manufacturer will next break ranks and announce it is pulling out? 
Anna Soubry is a Tory who voted for austerity, benefit cuts and more privatisation of the NHS. So-called Liberals lionizing her because she said some things about Brexit are disgraceful and no nothing of the real world. 
Should Margaret Thatcher be on the new fifty pound note? #Conservatives #Labour #Brexit #HateCrimeAwarenessWeek #SPAENG #StationsDay #AConnectedSociety #Commons #NationalBakingWeek 
 Hello, @jeremycorbyn. Today would have been a good day to have revealed how you’d implement your ‘jobs first Brexit.’ #justsaying 
Wish all the journos and news stations would get their facts right.... it’s not the Irish border, the Irish didn’t put it there, the British did, it’s the British border & it should never have been there in the first place! #Eire32 #brexit 
German MEP Hans-Olaf Henkel - "I think very slowly and only very late the Europeans will realise that by trying to punish Britain they punish themselves.“And that is a sort of masochistic approach of the Brussels bureaucracy." #Brexit  
Excellent quick summary.“As I have repeatedly argued on this blog, the politics of Brexit have been set up in a way that is impossible to deliver on. It follows that at some point that impossibility will become undeniably evident. We are at the beginning of that point.”  
The Tories have failed the country on Brexit. It's time they stepped aside and let Labour govern.#GeneralElectionNow #JC4PMNow #GetTheToriesOut #BrexitShambles #ToriesOUT #Brexit #GTTO #JC4PM #Labour #ForTheMany 
People cheering the Anna Soubry and Dominic Grieve types over their Brexit stance - they still voted for austerity, for every cut.They were happy with every move that took another meal from the mouth of a working class child. They're created from the same poison as all Tories 
The only question anyone needs to ask John Redwood is, if Brexit is going to increase Britain's prosperity, why did he advise all of his rich friends to get their money out of the UK?Obviously the answer is because he's a duplicitous charlatan - but the public ought to know.  
No-deal Brexit is 'more likely than ever before', warns EU council president Donald Tusk  
The only good thing about the madness that is #brexit is that it will speed up Irish reunification and Scottish Independence HH 
The majority want to #remain in the EU Mr Tusk. No one should respect a #Brexit ref result obtained by criminality, huge lying, Cambridge Analytica/AIQ & the support of Russian interference. We demand a #PeoplesVote You will see the size of support at the #PeoplesVoteMarch 
There is no such thing as an "Irish border issue." The issue is the British #border in Ireland! #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Brexit.   What about the English, we pay 85% of the UK's total tax bill. 
Stephen Hawking warns world about Trump and Brexit in message from 'beyond the grave'  
Brexit expectations vs reality  
Tomorrow at 9h Tusk @eucopresident meets EU’s chief #Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier to prepare #EUCO Wednesday evening.Confirmed that PM @theresa_may will address the EU27 leaders on #Brexit Wednesday evening.Updated public agenda here:  
Your win is the equivalent to cutting both legs off in the quest to lose weight,  you won nothing but a catastrophic future workers and for generations to come, you must be really proud ;-) BREXIT taking the "Great" out of Great Britain since 2016 
Brexit is easy, it really is, the process is clearly defined.  What isn’t easy is trying to do it without doing massive harm to the country, hence the aggression from Leavers, they thought it was a simple solution to all the problems facing the UK, in reality it’s complex and... 
Kind of surprised there isn't more talk of a referendum on uniting North & South. Good to see Sinn Fein in the news touting this. Seems such an obvious solution. Unless you're one of 9 lunatic creationist gay-hating zealots, funded by secret & criminal money, obvs. 
TUSK SAYS NO-DEAL BREXIT MORE LIKELY THAN EVER BEFORE 
Piers Morgan - "Why don’t we give the British people exactly what they voted for, as per what the British PM said the referendum meant."Leaving the single market, leaving the customs union, taking back control of our laws a taking back control of our borders." #Brexit  
I have never , ever RTed a thread in my Twitter life. I can't stand thread. Why do people spend so much time writing them?But....THIS thread on Brexit ........mind. blowing. Time to stop the insanity, surely.  
On a #Brexit deal: It always seems impossible until it's done. Let us not give up. My #euco invitation letter  
Brexit is more about the future than the past..More about the young than the old..If u have more years in front of you than behind you..then it's time to #StopBrexit..YOUR Future..YOUR Rights.. YOUR Opportunities.. YOUR Freedom20/10 WE MARCH #PeoplesVoteMarch #peoplesvote 
As usual reality star @NadineDorries came out with daftest remark in Commons today: “Getting May out & @DavidDavisMP becoming an interim leader may be the only way to deliver Brexit.”Don’t you realise, woman, he had the job of doing this for 2 years & did F*** all?#Newsnight 
This speaks volumes about the Government's Brexit plan.  
Boris Johnson - "In deciding to Remain in the customs union, the leader of the opposition is guilty of a shameless u-turn and a betrayal of millions of people who voted leave." #Brexit  
.@MichelBarnier has heard your voices.We’ve been sharing our concerns about #Brexit #borders today in Brussels.The work continues tonight at our event, 7pm @ Hume Brophy Still time to sign the online petition here:  
But Theresa May is not ‘the UK.’ We have this supreme institution called Parliament. It has the power & responsibility to decide what the Government does - & its room for manoeuvre includes calling a people’s vote to stop Brexit  
"The blindfold Brexit they're cooking up is a bridge to nowhere and a dangerous leap in the dark."Jeremy Corbyn says Labour is offering an "alternative option" on Brexit, but Theresa May says it doesn't have any "firm proposals".  
"The Brexit talks have run into a 'significant problem' over the fraught issue of the Northern Ireland border, Government sources have said."We're pretty sure this is the same problem they've been facing for the last two years. And it's not going away. 
Brexit will do more to harm the lives of many of the people who voted for it than anyone else. Please march this Saturday for your children's future, ESPECIALLY if you voted leave@peoplesvote_uk @FFSake_ @OFOCBrexit#PeopesVote #FinalSay #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Help Me Spread 'Bollocks To Brexit' Message Across the Capital & Beyond - It's Definitely Not a Done Deal!  
PM took questions from MPs for 100 minutes. Not a single MP stood up to support the government’s Brexit plan 
Brexit news: Rees Mogg SHOCKED to discover 92 percent of UK COD goes to the EU | UK | News |  
Brexit's already causing uncertainty for businesses in the North East - local café owner Kate Riley tells us why she doesn't believe people are getting what they were promised, and why she backs a #PeoplesVoteWatch all the interviews here  
Listening to @theresa_may 's #Brexit statement and subsequent discussion in the HoC this afternoon I conclude that if Scottish companies want guaranteed stability & access to the CU & SM their only option now is to support Scottish independence.  1/2 
Theresa May is desperately trying to defend her farce of a Brexit deal. May is planning to keep the UK in a customs union potentially forever as May refuses to name an end date to a temporary deal & won't confirm NI will be treated the same as the rest of the UK. NO DEAL NOW.. 
"As we reach a critical point in this nation's history, we need a Prime Minister who will for once make the right decision - and put the country before her party."         Jeremy Corbyn.#Brexit #GeneralElectionNow #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut #GTTO #JC4PM 
What is it with you two and your parties - is it only Leave voters that exist in your universe? Helloo, we're here, it's us, the Remainers... We don't want Brexit... you got that yet? We're coming to London on  Saturday to help your understanding. 
Putting May and Robbins in charge of delivering Brexit is like putting Corbyn and McDonnell in charge of delivering the Tory manifesto. It simply doesn't work because they fundamentally dont believe in it. 
Exactly which of the many versions of #Brexit did people vote for? No one was able to set out what form this major constitutional, economic and social surgery would involve let alone the evidence of the risks and benefits. There is no #InformedConsent to this mess 
A lot of stupid stuff has been said on #Brexit but this will surely be up there when the worst Brexit tweet prize is handed out. The bellicose language is just plain insulting-UK is free to leave the EU, just not cost free. EU not making demands just protecting its interests.  
After an hour of debate following May’s statement on the #Brexit, at least 9 MPs have called for a #PeoplesVote: A Soubry, N Morgan, C Bryant, C Leslie, B Bradshaw, H Allen, D Grieve, S Creasy, T BrakeJoin us on #PeopesVoteMarch on Saturday to keep the pressure on! 
BREAKING. Truly disastrous news for UK pharmaceuticals. AstraZeneca - who supports tens of thousands of British jobs - has halted investment in UK because of Brexit. This is a tragedy for a once world-leading UK industry.  
MP demands Met police explain why Brexit inquiry dropped  
On Saturday, there will be thousands of people calling for a #PeoplesVote. As the demand for a vote on the final Brexit deal continues to grow, we are sure that this march will be bigger and better than the last one - make sure you're there!  
This is how Hitler's mob did it.A referendum on leaving the nasty League of Nations (won by 72%)Then a slow whittling away of Jewish (EU? Workers?) rights,Make no mistake, unless we get VERY loud, the 4th Reich is upon us.Mays' language resembles Goebbels in many many ways!  
Two and half years after the referendum result and we haven’t begun to acknowledge, let alone address, what lay behind it. This is a welcome new report from @CompassOffice has chapters by @CarolineLucas @johnharris1969, me and many others 
.@RupaHuq: “My son’s school trip letter warns ‘in case of no deal Brexit, price may rise due to £>€ and there may be additional fees for visas..’ If Elthorne school is not prepared to buy ‘it’ll be alright on the night’ line, surely Project Fear is fast becoming Project Reality”  
I’ve just challenged the Prime Minister on her inability in being able to keep her party together let alone the country. No one in #CardiffNorth voted to be poorer two years ago. The right thing now is to put the deal back to the people for a final say. #Brexit @peoplesvote_uk 
For me to accept the referendum as democratic would be to show contempt for democracy. 
Is it just me - have I missed something ? has anyone else noticed - NOT a word - NOT even a squeak from the Lib Dem Leader or any Lib Dem MP for quite some time.On Brexit or anything else#JustThinkinAloud 
Hot on the heels of warnings from #Ford earlier, we now learn that #AstraZeneca will halt investment into the UK due to #Brexit.  Did we really vote in 2016 to decimate medical research, and for the human cost that entails?  #ProjectReality #EndTheChaos 
Today I asked @theresa_may if she wants the #meaningfulvote on 27 Nov, the same date as #ECJ hears Scottish case on whether Article 50 can be unilaterally revoked, because she’s afraid of MPs knowing the answer to that question before they vote. #Brexit #FBPE 
Two and a half years after the EU referendum, what does @Theresa_May have to show for it? 
Scottish Tories more interested in supporting DUP demands than representing their Scottish constituents. #Brexit  
Sinn fein say that in the event of No Deal crash out and Irish border, the Good Friday Agreement will be overturned and they will insist on the Referendum in Ireland to end partition. ie. An Irish Reunification voteSo there we go. Brexiters in their idiocy have finally done it. 
Brexit remains what it has always been: a long and expensive means of teaching the UK that it already had the best model: EU membership.  
As Jeremy Corbyn replies to the PM's statement on the Brexit negotiations he is being shouted down by the Tories with a fervour normally rarely seen even at PMQs.  This is a clear sign he is doing a good job at highlighting the disastrous way the negotiations have been handled. 
Andy Davey on  the Brexiteers rebelling against Theresa May’s  Brexit negotiations – political cartoon gallery in London  
"Endgame" - a loyal government minister tells @bbclaurak they can't see how there will be a Brexit deal or how Theresa May will survive if she breaks one of her promises.From our latest #Brexitcast podcast.LISTEN: iTunes:  
Apparently Boris Johnson has a pet rabbit called Brexit.In other news,all's peace & love in the Tory Party.#ToryBrexitChaos 
The EU referendum ballot paper I voted on in 2016 did not say "Leave the European Union unless there's no deal" or "Leave the European Union unless that means a hard border with Ireland" or "Negotiate a new relationship with the EU". It just said "Leave the European Union". 
You handed over FBI docs to the Russian embassy. You invited the man you describe as ‘the KGB’s man in London’ to your referendum results party. You campaigned to take Britain out of the EU. And now we find out you’re not even British?!? 
The PM keeps telling us that her Chequers white paper will deliver frictionless trade, post-Brexit. The Salzburg summit showed us all that Chequers is completely dead in the water, yet incredibly she just keeps on flogging that dead horse. Time for Plan B: an #EEA-based Brexit.  
Sinn Féin wants Northern Ireland vote in event of no-deal Brexit  
I still don’t understand why anybody proposing a second referendum thinks the losing side (whoever that might be) would accept the result.  
There is absolutely no need for all this mess & muddle over #BrexitJust walk away.The EU would soon come running.We have all the cards.With WTO tariffs the EU would be £8,000,000,000 a year WORSE off.Stop the dither.Get OUT now.No more delay.Respect the vote of the 17.4m. 
Matt Warman MP (@mattwarman) just asked the PM to confirm that there’s no issue debated since the referendum that wasn’t debated before. She agreed.No, Matt...There was no pre-referendum discussion of EURATOM membership, for example. None.  
The DUP’s position on Brexit is alll about maintaining and strengthening the Union, but could it spectacularly backfire? My documentary on a possible United Ireland.Northern Ireland - Where Next tonight at 8.30pm on @BBCRadio4 
The Conservative Party is being turned into an English national party - with some members willing to ditch Scotland and Northern Ireland in pursuit of Brexit, a professor has told LBC  
Theresa May: “We cannot accept any solution that involves the break-up of our United Kingdom”. Dead right lady. But nor can we accept a “Brexit” that leaves the UK in the EU’s Single Market. 
Sarah Wollaston - Here's some #brexit reality... AstraZeneca have announced, this afternoon, that they will no longer invest in the United Kingdom! Once we know that final deal wouldn't it be reasonable to go back to the people and get their consent in a #PeoplesVote? #FBPE 
Conservative Brexit Fudge - For when you're hungry when you've skipped a deal  
May also chose to go for the hardest Brexit in her Lancaster House speech in January 2017 - and gambled in her snap general election on winning a mandate for it. The result: this debacle.  
RT! Open invitation to Brexiters in the Conservatives, DUP and other Unionist parties to tell the readers of NI's Border newspaper @impartialrep WHY you support #Brexit and answer our Qs. Please email me for more information: redwards@impartialreporter.com. Will anyone respond? 
Well, that's another giant of the car industry making plain that no-deal would be "disastrous" - and that a Canada-style deal simply wouldn't work either. These are getting harder to laugh off, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. #Brexit #EndTheChaos #Ford 
Which one is your shot of #SuperMoutaiCocktail? A mild taste? Or a herbal aroma?A. Dragon MoutaiB. Herbal Moutai#supermoutai 
I honestly don’t think a single MP has voiced support for the PM’s Brexit negotiating strategy in her Statement today. Not one 
"There's no majority in the Commons for a hard or no-deal Brexit...The way out of this mess for her and the country is a people's vote"(Ben Bradshaw)#BrexitUpdate 
CEO of Astrazenica, who have 6,500 employees in the U.K., has said they have stopped investing here due to Brexit. The folly of Brexit must stop. 
Anna Soubry MP tells the truth: The uncomfortable truth is that #Brexit cannot be delivered. It’s time we all faced the reality and were honest with the British people. We owe them a huge apology for a referendum with an option that was undefined & undeliverable.  
I cannot see how this House of Commons will be able to agree on any Brexit course. I see little likelihood of any newly elected House of Commons being any more capable of agreeing on any Brexit course. I'm not sure we have any way out. 
AstraZeneca is one of Britain’s few truly world leading companies - supporting tens of thousands of jobs. And now their future investment in their home country is being halted because of Brexit. This is a disaster unfolding before our very eyes.   
Sarah Wollaston should know better than to talk up the idea of a second referendum at such a sensitive point in negotiations. In fact earlier this year she admitted that such talk would only encourage the EU to offer us a BAD DEAL.   
When she said "Brexit means Brexit" she meant: "you won't like it and you didn't vote for it".  Brexit is not the will of the people. Democracy demands a vote.  The people demand a vote.March 20 October & help put a stop to this madness. @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVoteMarch 
You see @EstherMcVey1 , this is the kind of direct impact on their livelihoods that your constituents voted against in the referendum.Going to pay them a visit to explain?  
Is it me or is May not expressly ruling out a #PeoplesVote in case of a no deal #brexit scenario? 
And there will be no replacement bus service for Brexit. 
And now @AstraZeneca reportedly stopping investment in UK because of #Brexit debacle. If we’re faced with an inferior deal - then the public deserve the right on whether to proceed #PeoplesVote 
Debating #Brexit #FutureofEurope with @stephensackur @BBCHARDtalk and it was tough talking! @EPPGroup @FineGael @yfg #goodtotalk 
Groundhog Day: Brexit negotiation calamity, where we are:A :  The plan was always to keep delaying and bungling to achieve No Deal by default.B :  The Tories are utterly fucking incompetent.C :  A and B. 
Please bear in mind. These are the muppets behind the @peoplesvote_uk - who is funding them?  #brexit  
This is significant: May says in the event of talks collapsing, MPs will have the opportunity to vote against no-deal Brexit (clear majority in Commons against). Then what?!  
People say we should vote for Labour remain MPs. Many did that in 2017 only to find that the Labour party continues to support Brexit. As a result, we are constantly told that over 85% of people who voted in 2017 voted for Brexit. Never again!! Only vote for anti-Brexit parties! 
Have been in my constituency today so sadly missed the PM’s statement. Can someone please clarify, does Brexit still mean Brexit? #clearasmud 
Even I, the world’s hardest hard brexiter am starting to question if Brexit is a good idea. What if it’s a terrible one that will make everyone worse off? 
Dominic Grieve - I will not be able to support the government unless this matter is put to the British people again in a #PeoplesVote as it's entirely different to what was discussed during the referendum of 2016. #FBPE 
Theresa May hints MPs could block no-deal Brexit“If it were the case at the end of the negotiation process actually it was a no deal... then actually that would come back to this House & then we would see what position this House would take in the circumstances of the time.” 
The current chaos is the inevitable consequence of the incompatible red lines of government Brexit policy. Now we're reaching crunch point. My latest Brexit Blog post tries to make sense of what's going on, including May's statement to HoC, just up now:  
A truly pointless Brexit statement from the PM. She made it to demonstrate she was still in charge of negotiations and only proved she isn't 
After an hour of debate following May’s statement on the #Brexit stand-off, these are the MPs who’ve called for a People’s Vote: Anna Soubry, Nicky Morgan, Chris Bryant, Chris Leslie, Ben Bradshaw, Heidi Allen, Dominic Grieve, Stella Creasy, Tom Brake 
May facing demands for second referendum from all sides of the House. 
‘Theresa May has reneged on her Brexit promises at every turn – that’s why we need to march for a Final Say on Saturday’  
So @Anna_Soubry asks a reasonable question about #PeoplesVote & PM states the Referendum result is beyond any challenge because it's a matter of faith. Always best not to mix religion with politics which has to be the art of the possible and left open to democratic alteration. 
Merkel on Brexit 'it is looking more difficult again because we basically keep coming up against the question of the Republic of Ireland - Northern Ireland' 
But Tom, you can vote for anything but it doesn’t mean it’s deliverable.Govt could hold a referendum on pigs flying but no matter what the majority, pigs just can’t fly.It could have been an 80% Leave landslide but Brexit would still have been undeliverable. 
That's how we heal the divisions in the country. Pretend that almost (soon-to-be more than) half of the country doesn't exist so we can get an extreme version of Brexit that not even all of the 52% wanted. 
Dominic Grieve tells May he won’t support government unless it’s put to the people again as her plan bears no resemblance to what was voted on in referendum > Remainers and Brexiteers vowing to vote against her. Can see why @JulianSmithUK took the phone off the hook last night 
The Prime Minister has twice avoided answering questions just now about how long the Government’s NI backstop proposal will last.  The Brexit Secretary says it must be time-limited. The PM only says it will be temporary. Who speaks for the Government? 
Significant that Dominic Grieve says he would only vote for the govt if he gets a second referendum. That puts paid to the idea that only Soubry and Clarke were guaranteed not to back May 
Failure by the UK and European Union to achieve a breakthrough in #Brexit talks has sent #sterling lower and London share prices down. The Irish border issue is still an impediment for consensus on the terms under which Britain will leave the EU. 
Theresa May is leading Britain to our worst defeat since 1066 with Brexit 
Grieve: This is so far from what was discussed before the referendum that I cannot support it without another referendum. 
French President Emmanuel Macron says he will speak with Prime Minister Theresa May later today over Brexit 
Dominic Grieve describes May's own Brexit plan as "vassalage" and says he cannot support it without another referendum  
*** Dominic Grieve: “in no circumstances will I be able to back the government unless this is put to the people again” saying the Government’s solution bears no resemblance to what was put to Britain at the time of the referendum 
If we can’t pass new laws to tackle knife crime, how are w going to pass the Budget or anything on Brexit? If you can’t command a majority of the House, you can’t form a Government.  
NBA 2k19 Acc for sale:-90 C 7’3” Pure Post Scorer-88 SG 6’6” SharpPlay -86 PF 6’11” Pure Stretch Four-86 SG 6’7” Pure Playmaker-60 Giannis and Zion build createdAmateur 2 lots of clothes. DM’s are open!! 
.@Anna_Soubry: “What we now see is total chaos and a complete mess. Would the PM consider that if her government can’t get a grip on this, Parliament can’t get a grip, it’s time to face up to the fact that Brexit can’t be delivered.. take it back to the people for a #PeoplesVote” 
I'm so glad we're at the level of British Nationalism driving Brexit that Tories are now referring to the UVF with rose-tinted Home Guard style nostalgia.  This is a nice and healthy political atmosphere. 
Theresa May’s Commons statement was just useless waffle designed to appease the rabid Far-right Tory Brexiteers who hate her guts and want her gone anyway.She hasn’t got a clue what she is doing on Brexit and Britain is paying the price for her incompetence. 
Amber Rudd urges the PM to remember not only the 52%, but also the 48% in the negotiations .. It should be about the 100%. #Brexit  
This is a real exhibition of how severe her problems are, even past the backstop. Critics of Brexit as angry about Chequers as hardline Leavers. 
If I was an MP (or cabinet minister) who wanted a firm commitment to a fixed end date on a customs arrangement I would not be reassured by what I have heard from PM this afternoon #Brexit 
Liz Kendall asks whether Theresa May agrees with her brexit secretary that the gvt will publish a date for the end of the backstop with the Withdrawal AgreementTheresa May gives a lengthy answer, that stops short of being a “yes”Kendall shouts ‘date, date’ as TM sits down 
"This really is beginning to feel like Groundhog Day"@jeremycorbyn reacts to @theresa_may's #Brexit statement from "a shambles of a government" by calling it another "nothing has changed moment".  
What a courageous lady @Anna_Soubry is who just stood up in Parliament and told Mrs May, the leader of her own party, it was time to admit Brexit is "complete chaos" and there needs to be another vote. It takes guts to do that.  
UCU members have overwhelmingly backed a referendum on the final #Brexit deal secured by the government. 89% of members who voted said yes to the question:“Should UCU support a referendum on the final Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government?”  
Can you imagine what might have been achieved if all the daily fecking noise and energy of Brexit these last 2.5 years had been put towards actually helping this country? 
This is a demand I will never understand. We held a binary referendum on the EU precisely because the govt can’t carry out the will of BOTH sides. Leave won, Remain lost. Any deal can’t be a compromise - it must fulfil the will of Leave voters.  
.@theresa_may refuses to give precise comfort to @NigelDoddsDUP that there would be no regulatory differences between GB and NI under Brexit backstop 
“Brexit cannot be delivered,” says Anna Soubry. Great democratic message: You can vote for anything, as long as it doesn’t change too much. 
Yvette Cooper asks PM whether she’d extend Article 50 rather than crash out. An emphatic ‘No’ from PM. Soubry asks for a People’ Vote (to cries of ‘you must be joking’ from her colleagues). Another No; May says it’s a ‘matter of faith’ to deliver on the referendum 
I don't want any compromise on Brexit. There cannot be any  compromise on independence. We cannot compromise with the 48%. That's not why the referendum was held in the first place. Theresa May is going to compromise our independence. She is not fit to lead this Country. 
Not the right decision and a missed opportunity to hold Russia accountable and expose loopholes exploited by foreign entities to undermine elections: The UK police will not investigate foreign interference in Brexit vote  
Brill! @JasonJHunter just got us chucked out of Parliament for shouting the TRUTH ABOUT #BREXIT from the Public Gallery at the LIAR, CONMAN andTHIEF Iain Duncan Smith  #StopBrexit 
Jeremy Corbyn: "The blindfold Brexit they are cooking up is a bridge to nowhere, and a dangerous leap in the dark. Let me be clear the only thing we can trust this government to do is impose more years of austerity on the people of this country." 
Boris Johnston accuses Jeremy Corbyn of a “shameless u-turn” over Brexit. That’s the same Boris Johnston who did a u-turn on Brexit as soon as it was politically expedient to do so. 
The 2 issues blocking a deal on the backstop are fundamental to Brexit - whether it will be timelimited & whether it will apply to whole UK, not only Northern Ireland. And this is before ANY substantive negotiations on trade. Brexit implosion continues 
Jeremy Corbyn to PM on Brexit: "This really is beginning to feel like groundhog day ... another “nothing has changed” moment from this shambles of a government. Almost two and a half years after the referendum ... what do we have to show for it?" 
Should the nation be given a second vote on the terms of #Brexit?@piersmorgan | @campbellclaret 
If you’re listening to the PM on Brexit and thinking there must be a better way than this - Read @NicolaSturgeon speech this morning on the alternative way forward #Brexit  
The choice "should never be her deal or no deal". Jeremy Corbyn says Labour's deal would "prevent a race to the bottom".Follow live updates as the PM insists a Brexit deal is still possible:  
May is twisting and turning in increasingly contorted attempts to keep her government together. Brexit hardliners forced the weak Cameron to hold the referendum when few wanted one. Now May similarly weak. A braver PM wd state there’s only one solution to Irish Question : Remain 
Corbyn says Labour’s Brexit plan would be acceptable to the country and that we need a leader who puts the country before party. ...But a true leader who put the country before the party would revoke article 50. I don’t want ‘Labour Brexit’ - because I don’t want any Brexit. 
Labour set out six tests for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. She said she was “determined to meet” them.Has she?No. The Tories’ are failing on Brexit and failing the country. RT and share.  
On Corbyn and Brexit. It would be credible for him to say at this point: ‘Look, I’m not the biggest fan of the EU, but the Brexit people voted for isn’t the one we are going to get. New facts have emerged and I think you, the public (not the politicians) should have the final say 
Utter shambles in @HouseofCommons for Brexit statement. Conservatives and Labour howling at one another so loud people can barely be heard. Feels like there is no reasonable way out of this mess. 165 days to go. #Brexit 
The way the Tories are heckling @jeremycorbyn shows how rattled they are - they know they can’t appease their own MPs and reach agreement with the EU. They know having being elected to deliver Brexit they will instead deliver chaos 
Jeremy Corbyn just took apart the shambles that is Tory Brexit Negotiations.  
"It's beginning to feel like groundhog day."Jeremy Corbyn launches a blistering attack on Theresa May's Brexit update as he says divisions in the Conservative Party are getting in the way of negotiations.Follow live updates from the Brexit update:  
He can't articulate a Brexit deal that would unite the 3 people in this photo.  
UK PM Theresa May says she still believes a Brexit deal is "achievable" as she updates MPs on the latest talks  
Who should have the final say on Brexit - the British people or David Davis and his plotting Brexiter cronies? Demand the final say now and the option to remain now >  
MIXED METAPHOR KLAXONJeremy Corbyn: "The blindfold Brexit they’re cooking up is a bridge to nowhere and a dangerous leap into the dark." 
Livelihoods. Yes @theresa_may: Brexit will affect them. Everyone’s. Especially those of @The3Million & @BritishInEurope, who you chose to throw under the bus. The limbo of 5 million cannot continue. I call on all UK / EU leaders and politicians to ring-fence #citizensrights now. 
Corbyn says there *is* a Brexit deal that could unite the country, but doesn't try to explain what it is  
BREAKING: UK PM Theresa May says she still believes Brexit deal is 'achievable'  
Theresa May's Emergency #Brexit Statement to Parliament said nothing - with 844 days gone and only 165 days left until leaving day, this Tory government still has no idea how Brexit will (or can) work. 
It will always be Groundhog Day until Corbyn finds the guts to say he is going to oppose Brexit. 
"We are entering the final stages of these negotiations. This is the time for cool, calm heads to prevail" says Theresa May offering Brexit “facts as they stand”, while some MPs laugh and some clap   
Corbyn: this feels like Groundhog Day, another “nothing has changed” moment, another Brexit minister shuffling over to Brussels, unable to do deals because of splits in the Conservative Party 
"The EU requires a backstop to the backstop."Theresa May says she won't agree to anything that threatens the integrity of the United Kingdom. Follow live updates as the PM gives a Brexit update:  
AstraZeneca, the pharmaceuticals giant which previously warned of Brexit medicines shortages, has now suspended its UK investments due to uncertainty over the final deal.Slowly but surely project fact becomes reality.  
David Davis calls for a leadership challenge against Theresa May if she will not drop her Brexit plan. At last a call for action. May needs to be ousted, she will never deliver a real Brexit & would make Corbyn the next PM..  
WATCH LIVE: UK Prime Minister Theresa May makes statement to MPs on Brexit.  
Theresa May addresses House of Commons on state of Brexit negotiations  
WATCH LIVE: PM @Theresa_May updates the House of Commons on Brexit negotiations  
Sammy Wilson will have more to say on Brexit tonight at our #SaveBrexit rally in Bournemouth!  If you haven’t managed to get tickets, you can watch the live-stream from 7pm here on Twitter. 
Great. One of our very small company's biggest clients. I hate Brexit with every pore. 
"As members of the legal profession, we support a People’s Vote on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations": if you are a lawyer supporting @peoplesvote_uk, sign this @Lawyers4PV letter, led by @DoughtyStPublic's Helena Kenendy QC and Dominic Greve QC. 
⁦⁦@MaryLouMcDonald⁩ Sinn Féin wants the North to have a democratic vote in event of no-deal Brexit | Politics | The Guardian  
Just saw a Brexit thread numbered up to 47. FORTY SEVEN. Then there were 6 "further reading tweets" and then 5 more "added." Just stop it. It doesn't make you look well informed, it makes you look like a tool. 
You played a major part in the referendum debate Roland.For which you were handsomely paid.To no avail leave won.You have never held elected office, time for you accept the will of the electorate.  
A search party was conducted for The Messiah who had gone AWOL  - They seek him here, they seek him there,Those cultists seek him everywhere,Is he in heaven or is he in hell?His policy on Brexit nobody can tell.  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO THERESA MAYS BREXIT UPDATE  
This is grim news nationally and for our region in particular. AstraZeneca is a major local employer. Brexit is risking our prosperity. Just give us a #PeoplesVote before you unilaterally restrict our opportunities.@DavidRutley @CheshireEast @Wilmslow4Europe 
As the #Brexit talks falter pls support ⁦@andywightman⁩ ⁦@Ross_Greer⁩ ⁦@C_Stihler_MEP⁩ ⁦@davidmartinmep⁩ ⁦@AlynSmith⁩ ⁦@JolyonMaugham⁩ & myself in our case establishing a way out of this madness #FBPE 
Perhaps it might be easier for you to think of Brexit as the verdict of a jury of ordinary common people, who you no doubt despise, rather than the imperious prescriptions of an elite lawyer, which you seem to think is preferable.  
Fifteen minutes to go till Theresa May finally admits #Brexit will break our country, and so she is withdrawing Article 50. #remain  Right? 
We set the Tories some tests for Brexit. But did they pass them? Take a look   
Another day, another Brexit headache: NHS and care sector: Who will bath Rees-Mogg’s teddy bear if nanny goes back to Latvia?  
Nothing new in Nicola Sturgeon’s Brexit intervention today. For two and a half years she’s been trying to weaponise Brexit in the name of independence, which is still, even now, the only thing she’s ever cared about  
During the Eighth amendment referendum campaign they hissed and spat at us and called us sick, said we were murderers and baby-killers, wished us harm, wished us dead. Now they say we must respect their religion? Feck off. Vote YES. #BlasphemyRef 
The Brexit backstop breakdown: why it happened and who's to blame  
Tim. Pipe down, as we approach the cliff edge you told us wasn’t there ( nor are the FTAs) we must go quiet in the hope that adults in the room can defuse the Brexit timebomb you naively help to build . Tick, tick 
It's less than 6 months until Brexit, do you know what your plan is?  
EU Talks Break Down, Ministers Told to Prepare for 'No Deal' Brexit!  Walk away, with no strings, and theh can work on attaching strings, in the future, when the UK is in an even  better position of power!   Comment?              #fo2eu 
AstraZeneca tells Le Monde it is suspending investment in the UK because of Brexit uncertainty: 'It costs us money and it does not bring us any benefit.' Grim.  
When asked are you happy living in the EU by Eurobarometer, 66% of those in the UK who were asked said yes & just 25% said no!The UK appears to be #RemainerNow On that basis #brexit is clearly not the #willofthepeople. Surely the democratic option is to have a #PeoplesVote? 
In contrast to the chaotic Brexit self-harm from Westminster at least the Scottish Government has a positive plan to protect Scotland’s place in Europe. You can read it here 
This is very long but really a super thread explaining how Article 50 works and what Brexit means. Chapeau to Edwin. Share with your contacts who struggle to get what’s happening.  
Catch up on this morning's speech on Brexit & the Single Market by @ScotGovFM @NicolaSturgeon at the RSA, available now to watch on replay. #RSABrexit #Brexit #Parliament 
Astra Zeneca cancels all future investment in the UK as a result of #Brexit. Well done #Leavers, but you knew what you were voting for and this sort of consequence was just #ProjectFear 
Brexit will adversely affect LGBT+ people. That's why we demand a People's Vote on the final Brexit deal. Join us on Saturday for the @peoplesvote_uk March for the Future with @gaystarnews  
Mary Lou McDonald - is there is no deal we will demand border poll referendum on Northern lreland in event of no-deal Brexit. Plus: history will not be kind to May if she takes DUP line   
The Co-operative Party, several of whom sit on #Labour's front bench, have voted “almost unanimously” in support of a new referendum on #Brexit – with an option to #Remain. The pressure on Jeremy #Corbyn is growing steadily on this... #EndTheChaos 
As @theSNP Leader and @ScotGovFM @NicolaSturgeon announces a common sense plan for #Brexit today, we're demanding @Douglas4Moray listens to his Moray constituents - stop flip-flopping and fight for a deal which keeps us in the EU single market and customs union! 
As Brexit talks hit an impasse ahead of a crucial EU summit, @NicolaSturgeon calls for a Norway-style deal as the only "democratic compromise" that would unite different factions.  
What will Theresa May reveal in her statement to the House of Commons at 3.30pm?#Brexit #BrexitShambles 
You seem to forget that we the United Kingdom stood alone against as many country’s during ww2 for many years until the Americans joined us and we succeeded in defeating fascism. Fascism is now the new tool of the left and your party. History will not remember you well. #Brexit  
Behind the Earth-shattering news that a woman is having a baby, It looks like this might be the week that Theresa May finally runs out of long grass to kick her Brexit woes into - and she has many...  
From the second the Brexit vote became clear, every single Tory MP and MSP in Scotland has turned their back on and betrayed their voters in order to wilfully inflict maximum damage on them. Tick tock, you’re on the clock. 
Today @theresa_may will dance to the Hard Brexiteers’ tune. But if she gets a deal, it’s shaping up to be bad for Britain. MPs mustn’t feel bullied into rubber-stamping it. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Police will not examine claims of Russian meddling in Brexit vote  
Exhaustive report by @OpenEurope concludes a No-Deal Brexit will have little effect on the UK.  Our GDP will still be over 30% higher by 2030 than it is today and any minor drag on growth could be mitigated by trade liberalisation. #NoDealNoProblem 
Utterly indefensible. If you needed any more proof that #Brexit was a scam orchestrated by the elite for the elite . This is it. #PeoplesVoteMarchPolice will not examine claims of Russian meddling in Brexit vote | Politics | The Guardian  
ASTRAZENECA HAS SUSPENDED INVESTMENTS IN UK DUE TO LACK OF CLARITY OVER BREXIT, CHAIRMAN TELLS LE MONDE 
.@ShefHallamLab will @jaredomaramp be marching to support a #PeoplesVote on Saturday?I hope that as my MP he will act in the best interests of his #Hallamshire constituents & back a democratic second vote.#Brexit is NOT a done deal. The people should have the #FinalSay 
The EU's advantage in negotiations was obvious from the start. It is one country versus 27. When you sold Brexit to the nation as an easy fix to our problems, you were either lying or incredibly naive. Which was it?  
Am I missing something? Nicola Sturgeon calls for Brexit "compromise" before setting out the same position she has had since the EU referendum. 
More worrying is that Theresa May is to make a statement on Brexit to the House of Commons in just one hour but only football and the Royal Family are trending on Twitter. That says everything about British attitudes to the country's future.  
Brexit to be decided by Mrs May and the DUP - in a 'dance-off'.  
Will you be marching with the NHS Against Brexit column on Oct 20th?(Meeting Dorchester’ Park Lane 11:30)......then consider changing your profile pic to our logo to get these placards marching all over Twitter this week!   
An independent Scotland could rejoin the European Union post-Brexit in as little as two years even if it refuses to adopt the euro, according to Britain’s longest-serving MEP @davidmartinmep 
'Brussels give UK a 24-hour Brexit Deadline'. Who's in charge here? I wish my government would grow some balls, and tell the EU what we want and stick to it. If not, walk away to WTO sunny uplands.  
Why would any Brexiteer believe that not having a deal with the EU equals "economic Armageddon" or that, if it were, that wouldn't be a price worth paying? Isn't denying those two claims central to the economic case underpinning Brexit?  
A year on from the referendum in Catalonia, the movement for independence is more active than ever. 
Since Brexit, most of the existing “debate” has centred on the rights and wrongs of leaving. But, what were the causes of Brexit and what can we do to fix them? Read the report  
Brexit politicians, media and many Leave supporters have treated Remainers with contempt, arrogance, abuse, insults, bullying, intolerance and threats. We owe no respect to them and their wrecking-ball of a project. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit 
As well as thinking everyone in England is eligible for an Irish passport, this Tory MP also claimed regulatory controls won't be necessary on the NI border after Brexit coz if customers don't like the goods they get, they can simply send them back.Yep, @ABridgen is THAT stupid! 
.@VinceCable tells @BBCNews that the PM must use her statement this afternoon to clarify what is going on in Brexit negotiations - the public must be told 
Hungary: Central Europe expects European Commission to conclude Brexit deal  
Our party under @RuthDavidsonMSP has lost members lost voters support and has shamefully elected a number of right wing sectarian bigots into public office. Ruth has flip flopped on #Brexit many times. Remember this Ruth? Remember this?  
#MondayMotivation A mega-thread on why you must #VoteBlueToSaveAmericanDemocracy Midterm Elections are always a referendum on the job #POtuS is doingSo unless you are one of the willfully ignorant or only watch #FoxRussia You must Vote for @TheDemocrats 
Just arrived to campaign in #Christchurch market. We need to send a clear message to MPs that they cannot betray the Brexit vote.  
Nigel Dodds: The DUP is not bluffing over threat to bring down power pact with Theresa May over Brexit 
"We will implement your decision" they promised"BrExit means BrExit" they promised"We will take back control" they promised.If @Conservatives want to break those promises then put it in a manifesto and we will vote you out of power, probably permanentlySocialism or BrExit 
The year 2022 will be some SIX YEARS since the EU Referendum.!   SIX YEARS !   This isn't just incompetence  -  it's Treachery. 
The only miscalculation has been by the entire #Brexit lobby  believing (despite being repeatedly told by all those pesky experts) that this was going to be a disaster. 
David Davis calls for a cabinet uprising against Theresa May over Brexit — as MPs and ministers said they are ready to oust her if she does not change course.  
Crippling Post-Brexit Recession Worth It Just To See Look On Brits' Faces  
Nicola Sturgeon calls on PM for Norway-style deal as 'democratic compromise' on Brexit  
"I was a devout Remainer in 2016, but am now enthused by the opportunities of Brexit"  
Did you see Piers Morgan & Alistair Campbell on Good Morning @ 8.40am? Campbell wanting a People’s Vote on Brexit Deal. Piers who voted Remain, now wants to Leave. Piers reminded him we didn’t have a vote on illegal Iraq war! Which helped created Terrorists! 
The UK-EU Brexit negotiations broke down on Sunday when Theresa May said she could not sign up to a backstop plan to avoid a hard border in Ireland.  Here's a reminder of why the Irish border is the biggest remaining obstacle to an exit deal:  
Theresa May to make statement to MPs this afternoon about Brexit talks - Politics live  
Brussels gives UK a 24-hour Brexit deadline to firm up their position after talks break down.  
Alex Rawlings, named the country’s most multilingual student in 2012, is moving to Barcelona next month."... because of the disaster of Brexit’ 
.@VinceCable tells @SkyNews that Theresa May is on her way to securing a very bad Brexit deal, which is why we must go back to the country and have a #PeoplesVote 
I am literally  standing at the back of #euprotects listening to Chloe Smith.She is talking utter, complete, unadulterated bullshit. The most hopelessly ill judged rubbish I’ve heard in ages.And trust me I follow Brexit so I’ve heard some bullshit. 
Saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' on Saturday - Possibly The Most Important Thing You Will Do This Year!!  
Ethnic minorities call for People’s Vote amid Brexit worries  
Brexit is just an Acme bomb.  Everyone who was so excited to light the fuse is now backing away...... and leaving Theresa May holding it dutifully. 
The day after the vote, I wrote this about the Irish border. These issues were known THEN, and not one of them were addressed in the 28 months since. Brexit is not just a crime of ignorance and neglect, but one of malice.  
Sheer genius. Boris Johnson is the malevolent clown par excellence.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Open Europe, an anti-Brexit group's own new report found 'no big impact from no deal'.  
“We are committed to transparency of our parties and democracies” in the U.K. says Chloe Smith. Whaaaaattttt? How about DUP money and the referendum? Why no transparency there? Jaw dropping cheek here. #euprotects 
A reminder that Sammy Wilson, the man providing all the wee hardline DUP Brexit Soundbites, described the UDA's Doomsday Plan of ethnic-cleansing a "very valuable return to reality". 
Adam Tomkins can't be serious in fact everyone knows that the SNP support independence #brexit is our party's fault we created this mess we have ignored our voters who voted to Remain in the #EU. #brexit was always going to break up the UK.  
Poor Gibraltar, the forgotten rock of the Brexit negotiations. I guess that makes Ireland the ‘hard place’. 
Statement from the Prime Minister on Brexit formally confirmed for 3.30pm this afernoon  
My cartoon - where does Britain draw the line with Saudi Arabia?#Kashoggi#Brexit#wato 
A far less well informed (but equally perceptive) taxi driver in Sao Paulo told me "Brexit is crazy! The people of the world are supposed to come together! Be friends!" 
Dominic Raab says that although recent progress has been made with EU negotiators, some key Brexit issues remain unresolved, such as “How?” and “Why?”. 
Theresa May is to make a statement on Brexit to the House of Commons at 3.30pm. What do you think she'll say? 
Didn't Dominic Grieve used to claim he wasn't trying to stop #Brexit?  
Theresa May announcing Pitbull is negotiating Brexit  
BREAKING: Brexit deal more likely in November or December: Irish PM Varadkar  
Brexit implodes - & the leading article in today’s FT is on the Ukranian church!Has the FT stopped reporting news? 
Oh look, #Brexit talks have broken down again. Perhaps slagging off the European top brass, making unrealistic demands & negotiating through jingoistic soundbites wasn't the best strategy after allFor the sake of the nation, it's time for an election, Theresa. #GetTheToriesOut 
First Minister @NicolaSturgeon has said it is "time to compromise" to find a "common sense" solution to #Brexit, as she sets out her alternative plans  
BREAKING The Cabinet should debate the merits of 'super-Canada' option for Brexit, former minister Mark Francois tells @BBCRadio4 #WATO 
Join us on the march this Saturday!Meeting at Dorchester in Park Lane at 11:30.Bring your banners about the NHS... we refuse for our NHS to be thrown uder the Brexit bus. 
Full speech from @NicolaSturgeon on @scotgov alternative plans for #brexit now available #RSABrexit  
"We should not have played a key role in stirring for years the nationalist sentiment that led directly to Brexit while pushing for a referendum then orchestrating a farcical campaign to Remain because it is quite embarrassing for me in my new role of centrist tieless chillaxer."  
Hi Ross ,Under the Tories: Real wages have fallen by av £800 (IFS) Social security has been slashed by £billions Poverty, inequality, & food bank use have all risen ~3million children in working families live in poverty Brexit is damaging living standards  
I am gutted that my #Brexit vote may come to pass. I want to hit myself on the head and shout "stupid, stupid, stupid" Most of all I want a #peoplesvote with an option to #remain to reverse my foolishness. 
So my European Journo friend just messaged me on Whatsapp.  He stated that the whole of the news office was applauding furiously after they had watched Nicola give an outstanding speech on Brexit.  Head & shoulders above most politicians he says. 
What Theresa May should say in her statement today, I would like to inform the British people, we have failed to compile a Brexit strategy that will be of any benefit to you, having spent over 2 yrs covering our own backs & working out what's best for ourselves & our donors #GTTO 
"We were a seriously cool country" Join @peoplesvote_uk march Saturday in #London "Get our Mojo back to get our country back!"#FBPE#PeoplesVoteMarch #PeoplesVote #BrexitI will be there with @conservative4pv @YoungTories4PV @Mcr4EU @Liverpool4EU @LancasterForEU @for_helens 
When the Conservative government privatised the railways, it promised the process would be easy, and would bring about "profound and lasting improvements". 24 years later, the privatised system is still causing chaos. So don't believe a word they say about #Brexit. 
Economic growth is expected to fall to its slowest rate since the height of the 2009 recession, according to analysis from the big 4 accounting firm, EY, with Brexit cited as a key factorNOTE: The UK had the highest growth in the G7 before the referendum  
"The immigration rhetoric was too harsh. We should have stressed the benefits of immigration when it came to Europe."Former Chancellor George Osborne discusses Brexit in our new podcast 'Politics: Where Next'.  
Parliament has never debated even the soft Brexit option of EEA & CU which I'd have accepted before redlines so all these things need to be debated thoroughly as a #NoDealBrexit becomes more likely and I believe this needs to be put to a #Peoplesvote #FinalSay #C4PV to settle it 
WATCH | When Theresa May brings back Olly Robbins' disgraceful Fake Brexit deal, remember what key members of her cabinet REALLY think about the Customs Union. Will they stand up to her or let her humiliate them with a final Brexit sell-out?Support us at  
Nicola Sturgeon’s latest intervention on Brexit is motivated solely by the break-up of Britain. 
Hugely impressive keynote #Brexit speech by @ScotGovFM at @theRSAorg this morning. Q&A session particularly interesting. It's just so refreshing to hear a politician listen, think and give solid, honest answers. 
DELIA SMITH: "I am petrified at the way Brexit is going. I’m afraid the political leaders have made a dog’s dinner of it and none of us really trust them any more to take the final decision."  
Conversation continues until we reach my hotel. The taxi driver also mentioned:- Northern Ireland- the economic impact- how his view of the UK has changed into a much more negative one. He was incredibly knowledgeable about Brexit — partly, he says, because many travellers 3/ 
Landed in Singapore and took a taxi from the airport. Taxi driver: Where did you fly from?Me: London.Taxi driver: Oh, there’s a lot of chaos there. Brexit!Me: *amazed he said that* Yes, sadly so. More to come, I think. Taxi driver: Bad UK politicians making bad decisions. 1/ 
What’s so frightening about this is that this shower are actually negotiating Brexit!  
This calls for an immediate No-deal Brexit. (h/t @aimoneale) 
Delia Smith to lead march for a people’s vote on Brexit deal  
As you know, Downing Street source told me reason for Brexit talks breakdown was ⁦@Theresa_may⁩ could not accept the proposed “backstop to the backstop”. But impeccable source tells me “backstop to the backstop” was a UK idea. Farce or tragedy? 
"The idea that people voted for Brexit and we should have no right to decide whether or not the Brexit that is being delivered is good enough for our futures and our children’s futures is fundamentally undemocratic."  
Wow. Nicola Sturgeon forensically tearing the Govt’s hapless and misguided #Brexit debacle apart item by item. Fluent, reasoned and most importantly, accurate. Can we get an SNP Govt fur the whole of the U.K.? 
"I think the DUP are overplaying their hand in all of this." @moneillsf "Remember the people of the north of Ireland did not vote for Brexit, this is something that has been put upon us" #PoliticsLive  
Whenever I listen to Nicola Sturgeon, I really, really, really wish I was Scottish. Or at the very least that she was our prime minister. She's the only UK political leader who's grown in stature over the last two years. The weight of Brexit has destroyed the others, but not her.  
The statement to his ERG colleagues in full from @SteveBakerHW on @theresa_may’s statement this PM on Brexit impasse  
The face you make when you call an unnecessary election, lose your majority, trigger article 50 too quickly, waste 2 years of negotiation time, rustle up an unworkable plan for Brexit, get trapped by a bunch of Ulster Unionists and hard Brexiters...and still blame everyone else.  
What’s the implementation period if it isn’t a back stop....there is until the end of 2020 to arrange EU FTA  deal or WTO deal and leave EU in its entirety. Hope PM moves on from concession mode to stand up for brexit mode , 17.4 million voters and democracy. Seize the day ! 
And also a good time to remember that during the Referendum campaign Boris Johnson and the then NI Secretary Theresa Villiers assured voters that Brexit would leave the Irish border "absolutely unchanged":  
For those who don’t understand just how serious Brexit is or who’ve perhaps switched off from politicians like me talking about it, I commend this thread from an entepreneur to you on its impacts. It is very long (47 tweets) but instructive & there is a PDF version at the end.  
The Swedish news paper reports that Astra Zeneca has stopped all further investment in UK.The drug giant Astra Zeneca freezes its investment in Britain for brexit, said Leif Johansson in an interview with the French newspaper Le Monde. 
With Ollie Robbins now completely discredited, Theresa May turns in desperation to new source of advice on how to conduct #Brexit negotiations.What do the tea-leaves tell you, Prime Minister?Unexpected career-change imminent, perhaps?  
While MPs & journalists remain focused on #Brexit the #coxreport on #westminsterbullying makes for depressing reading. What parliamentary employees - particularly women - have to endure in a supposedly 21st century workplace is shocking. 
Nicola Sturgeon has once again claimed to speak for Scotland this morning in her speech opposing #Brexit. It's a shame she forgot to mention that more Scots voted to leave the EU in June 2016 than voted for her party in June 2017. #StandUp4Brexit 
I have followed the speeches by the Scottish First Minister since the first press conference after #RefBrexit . The position of the Scottish Government has always been clear and coherent (and forceful). Nothing has changed (IMHO).#Brexit #ScotlandInEurope 
Had she done that, Brexit would have been much easier to negotiate and would be much less divisive among voters. Many Remainers would have got behind or at least been more willing to accept an obvious attempt to unify, and avoid the worst damage. 
"Don't interrupt. You have not been clear" @claireperrymp tells @BarryGardiner adding that Labour has a new Brexit position every week #politicslive  
I’ve said this before but Brexit increasingly resembles a teenager angrily announcing they are leaving home and then complaining that their parents haven’t thought out where they are going to live instead. 
She'd have been much wiser to announce in autumn 2016 a very soft Brexit, to be agreed where possible with devolved administrations. Any minister unhappy with that should have been sacked. I think she could have done that, then. 
Sinn Féin leaders @MaryLouMcDonald and @moneillsf are in London today to meet with British PM Theresa May and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. Ireland will not be the collateral damage in a Tory/DUP Brexit.  
So here it is in a nutshell A voter from Northern Ireland is as British as a voter from Kent.A vote to Leave the EU from Banbridge is equally valid as a vote to Leave from Bexley.We are ONE United Kingdom.We Brexit as ONE United Kingdom.#GoBrexit 
May should and could have been a comfortable two-term PM, in control of her party and unassailable in the the country. It was her Brexit policy decision in late 2016 - to appease rather than confront her hard Brexist ministers and MPs - that made her so weak. 
Brexit on Theresa May's terms would be the worst of all worlds  We agree - that's why it's so crucial that we get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. If you agree then march with us THIS Saturday:  
New ScotGov #Brexit paper ‘Scotland’s Place in Europe: Our Way Forward’ is out today. You can read it here: 
Scotland being thrown out of the EU against our will strengthens case for another referendum on Scottish independence. Will set out our plans soon. @NicolaSturgeon #RSABrexit 
Jeremy Corbyn’s last 100 tweets:2 tweets on his allotment. 1 tweet on Brexit. 
I was a devout Remainer in 2016, but am now enthused by the opportunities of Brexit  via @BrexitCentralAn excellent read from a Remainer, who is now a Leaver.  Someone who has matured since the vote. 
What the Germans are saying about the British as we approach the cliff edge of no-deal #Brexit (with subtitles by @JonWorth) 
Why is #PoliticsLive not mentioning the obscene lie by Nick Hancock that he hasn't had any complaints about #UniversalCredit - it's a huge story and it seems the .@BBC is using #Brexit to cover it up, along with all the other attacks on the UK population by .@Conservatives 
The ‘patriotic’ thing would have been for Labour to have opposed Brexit right from the start.  
Christian Adams on Brexit – political cartoon gallery in London  
Conquer every drive with the bold performance of the All-New BMW #X5. 
Pathetic indeed, EU called bullies, concentration camp guards, soviet style fascists, meanwhile back in uk Unis told how to teach Brexit, MPs put on gagging orders and Met won't investigate politically sensitive crimes??? 
Brexit.  
So much this. There is nothing ‘patriotic’ about Brexit, still less supporting Theresa May’s elusive worst-of-all-worlds deal.Patriotism means loving one’s country and, presumably, the people in it. Start by not making them poorer or killing their jobs.  
LATEST ON #BREXIT DUP MP Sammy Willson ups rhetoric telling @Telegraph that Theresa May is 'being taken into the headmasters study and being given a beating' by the EU. Mrs May is 'being treated like some kind of toy by these people', he adds. More: 
Every time Brexiters whine about being bullied by Brussels just remind them that they said it would be "quick and easy" and that we held "all the cards". #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Project Fear REJECTED: Brexit no deal to see economy grow by 30 PERCENT in 12 years-report 
We’re on a collision course for a no deal brexit, Trump is still president, the tories are ruining what’s left of our public services & we have 12 years to save the planet before its fucked but a royal baby?? Well that’s all the above fucking solved isn’t it? Fuck. The. Crown. 
Why are so many wealthy right wing politicians and shady millionaires supporting Brexit? Because it will make them richer. Simple as that. 
Keir Starmer leads Labour's Brexit policy. You seem to have forgotten what collective responsibility is. Your constant Corbyn bashing is boring. 
I am British I live in N Ireland I voted to leave the EU in the same referendum ,why should my vote not mean the same as any other British vote? 
#BrexitThe crazy Brexit difficulty really is Scotland's opportunity ... And when we call the winnable referendum it maybe the wake up call the craze requires. But #indyref2 is a must - gambling with Westminster must end! 
Ministers threatening to resign over Government's Brexit policy & talking up their desire for a Hard Brexit clearly breaches the Ministerial CodeI've written to @theresa_may asking her to exert her authority & sack her ministers. A failure to do so will just show how weak she is 
Theresa May is to make a statement on Brexit this afternoon. The PM is expected to convey the message that the Government has no idea what it's doing and Brexit is a sh*t show through the medium of interpretive dance. 
If anyone is surprised that the DUP have resorted to calling the Brexit negotiations a ‘battle for the union’ check out this election leaflet I got before the 2017 Assembly election !  
.@DavidJonesMP: "The EU has WEAPONISED the Irish Border Issue."David will be speaking at our Save Brexit rally in Gateshead. Some tickets still available here:  
Hopefully, voting against a May Brexit deal wd be route to a people's vote & staying in the EU. There's no good brexit deal  
This @CompassOffice report should be compulsory reading in Whitehall. My chapter calls for an overhaul of our working lives & our democracy to start addressing grotesque inequality that blights UK.We must address the reasons people voted for #Brexit. 
@NicolaSturgeon says in London speech - single market and customs union membership may be only Brexit deal that can command majority in House of Commons. She says its not unachievable. Will require common sense and willingness to compromise. 
People are angry, very angry. #Brexit has been bought by lies, hate, gerrymandering, cheating, electoral crime, foreign interference, tax-dodging press barons & Arron Banks' dodgy millions. To proceed with Brexit is to reward this assault on democracy.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
“On many occasions the EU has treated Ireland with neo-colonialist contempt. If the Irish government had any sense it would stop moaning about Brexit, and stop doing the EU’s bidding against Brexit, and instead organise Irexit.”Brendan O’Neill on the @spectator podcast 
Listening to Nicola Sturgeon outlining Brexit plan alternative. Have to says she is straight to the facts and issues no fudging and has guts to appear and on live tv . Extremely impressive 
Will Meghan Markle's Child Be Born In Time To Stop Brexit?  
"UK's international reputation" could become one of Brexit's casualties. Scotland's first minister @NicolaSturgeon criticises UK negotiators for their "lack of attention" in talks.The latest round of Brexit talks failed once again, read about it here:  pic.twitter.com/PPNr10Dl5T 
A wonderful speech at the RSA by @NicolaSturgeon. Her grasp of the details and interpretation of Brexit is second to none; head an shoulders above Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. #Brexit #RSA #Keynotespeech #indyref2 #EU #politics 
'No-deal Brexit closer than ever thanks to EU's lack of imagination'  EU didn't set UK red lines. EU defends own interests. For EU27 bad deal breaking its principles worse than no deal. UK hurtling towards cliff edge due to UK dysfunctional politics not EU 
Oh, look! A real leader of the country openly discussing #Brexit on a level everyone can understand explaining real facts, worries and truths that the public really has and its @NicolaSturgeon NOT @theresa_may #RSAEvents 
How did Brexiteers go from saying "we'll be better off" to saying "we'll survive", asks James O'Brien?@mrjamesob | #Brexit 
A spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May says she is expected to update the House of Commons on the status of Brexit negotiations this afternoon 
I take full responsibility for campaigning against Brexit & what might happen as a result (ie we stay in the EU). I have never done anything more patriotic in my life  
Tough issues may "prove to be incapable of resolution". Scotland's first minister @NicolaSturgeon says the best outcome would be for Scotland and the rest of the UK to remain in the EU.The latest Brexit talks failed once again, read about it here:  
Keir Starmer interviewed this morning explained Labour's #Brexit strategy with more coherence & clarity than transient Tory spokespersons have EVER explained Govt. strategy It's time for a CHANGEIt's time for the Tories to GOIt's time for a LABOUR goverment !@Keir_Starmer 
No it’s all quite straightforward - Brexit doesn’t work  
The fact that Prospect Magazine had to change the picture for their article on #Brexit is the perfect metaphor. The first one was wrong and the second one is still wrong.  
The biggest crisis facing the UK since 1945, and the leader of the opposition has gone missing. A pro-EU Labour leader would now be presenting the British people with a clear path out of this Tory mess. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Theresa May will update the House of Commons on the state of Brexit talks at 3:30 today. Expect a repeat of last month’s “respect us, we won’t back down...” speech. 
The 4 main Brexit options. Note that “Canada” is not one of them. It equals no-deal Brexit  
A paper that ignores the EU referendum result & seeks to stop Brexit. This betrays the 1m Scots who voted to leave. It betrays the Scottish fishing industry by shackling them to the hated CFP in perpetuity. Wonder what SNP Bexiteers like Alex Neil MSP & Jim Sillars make of this?  
Stark graphic from @StevieMcCaffery on how important and literally lifesaving the Good Friday Agreement was and continues to be. The people of Northern Ireland didn't ask for Brexit and they certainly didn't ask for the GFA to be jeopardised.  
Going to research a piece on how Brexit is going to affect the UK tech startup & innovation sectors. Help on stats, impact on talent, funding etc welcome! 
No10: PM to make unscheduled statement to the Commons this afternoon on Brexit negotiations (3.30pmish). Expect another Boudicca moment. 
BREAKING: Theresa May to make a statement to Parliament this afternoon on Brexit negotiations. She usually only does this after EU summits, so this is out of the ordinary. 
Following pressure from Labour, rumours that @theresa_may is going to come to update the @HouseofCommons on the state of the Brexit negotiation. 
 Watch @NicolaSturgeon's #Brexit address to @theRSAorg now. 
Just caught up with the #LateLateShowlondon clip of #NigelFarage being hollered and hooted at by the audience for comparing Brexit with Irish independence. But they are both independence movements, correct or not? 
When Brexit goes luminously wrong will you genuinely be blaming it on Andrew Adonis's tweets? 
EU CORRECTIONS coming in on Irish backstop discussions: the issue was debated but not advanced in #Brexit negotiations between Dec and end of Tory Party Conference 
Brexit has triggered an EIGHTY-SEVEN per cent drop in European nurses registering to work in the UK, as new research reveals Britain faces a shortfall of more than 20,000 staff.Concerned? Please share  
Ruth Davidson keeps flip flopping on Brexit. Once she supported keeping Scotland in the Single Market, now she's threatening to resign to ensure that never happens.  
Good morning. Here's a perfect breakdown of exactly how brexit fucks the UK and why it's a dreadful, dreadful idea.  
“I’m bored of both of you” When two people have beef that goes back years, but you just want to hear about what’s happening to the country right now. #Brexit  
Politicians pushing a hard #Brexit risk destroying the 1998 Good Friday/Belfast agreement - some through carelessness, others deliberately. Here's a graphic from my time in @TheDetailTV to consider. 
BACK TO MY ROOT(4)IPOB's advocacy of #Referendum under the  broad cluster of the globally acceptable  freedom of self determination is not illegal. Nig & other former colonial territories used the same principle to liquidate colonial rule.The dictum is still a working  norm. 
If there’s one thing that makes me less proud to be British than Brexit, it’d be how bloody racist Princess Diana’s ghost has become over the last few years.  
Aha, the real reasons for Brexit are beginining to emerge.  
We're still waiting for an apology for your lies about trade policy during the referendum campaign. 
The EU's negotiators' decision to make an issue of the Northern Ireland border looked clever a few weeks ago ... but now could backfire given it pits them directly against the tough negotiators of the DUP #Brexit 
Britain's economy faces three years of weak economic growth which could be dented even further in the event of a no-deal Brexit  
Pithy from a contact in Brussels as I board the Eurostar for a week of (now) I know not what. “The solution lies in the city you are leaving, not the one you are travelling to.”Note to self: when it comes to Brexit, best make flexi reservations. 
What will happen to the Irish border after Brexit? We asked @MaryLouMcDonald, Leader of Sinn Fein, and Shadow Brexit Secretary, @Keir_Starmer what they want from EU talks in our podcast #r4Today  
Anyone wondering why - after so many months of #Brexit talks - the Irish border issue hasn’t yet been settled should consider that - according EU sources - the Irish backstop was not discussed in negotiations by U.K. request between Dec and the end of the Tory party conference 
So if you don't incorporate most of what makes Brexit profoundly damaging, then the forecast says that Brexit isn't all that damaging.Wow. I never saw that coming.They're really a bunch of Einsteins there at @OpenEurope. The list of caveats in Table 3 is truly remarkable. 
Believe it or not, the looming Brexit crisis is more important than Corbyn. 
Whilst the winning side of any referendum should be mindful of those who lost, we must never forget that 1,269,501 more people voted to leave the EU than remain as part of it. Elected representatives from whatever party or viewpoint would do well to remember that. #1,269,501 
And this ladies and gentlemen is neolibralism and the causes of Brexit in a nut shell.  
Royal baby due around Brexit time? Now if I were a raging cynic... 
#Brexit If a backstop is only temporary,  it’s not a backstop..... 
“The creative arts used to be jobs which respectable people shied away from and bright prole kids could escape through, but now they’ve been colonised by the dull spawn of the middle- and ruling-classes.”Julie Burchill on the arts and Brexit 
See parallels to Brexit anyone?  
Yes, I’m sure the EU is hoping there’ll be another referendum, the people will vote to Remain and we’ll then go back to them, cap in hand, and be allowed to rejoin on condition we increase our contribution to the EU budget, give up our rebate and replace the pound with the euro. 
Our open letter to @theresa_may, which states that such significant  constitutional upheaval cannot be undertaken without further public  consultation, is open for signatures! #brexit #peoplesvote  Lawyers, please do sign and share: 
Steve’s daily journey to Parliament come rain or shine. Dedicated to the #StopBrexit cause, he won’t stop until #Brexit is stopped  
With Brexit, what kind of border will the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland have? People on both sides are worried. The European Parliament is committed to avoiding a hard border.  
David Davis's latest broadside highlights the growing panic rippling through the @Conservatives.@Theresa_May's Brexit is going to cause nothing but misery for the country and split the Conservative party. 
The EU is presenting the UK with a choice: a no deal Brexit, which would likely mean a hard border between NI and Ireland, or a deal, which would — in due course — lead to a hard border between NI and Great Britain. If the cost of a deal is breaking up the UK, I vote for no deal. 
We have to do all we can to undo the mess #Brexit has created and @peoplesvote_uk is the only way now! 
New post | Parliamentary control over Brexit-related delegated legislation: An important Government climbdown  
5/ I'm honestly not having a go at the researchers and academics here. Modelling Brexit holistically is an impossible task, and we should frankly stop asking economists to try. The authors of the paper have also been VERY transparent with their assumptions and caveats. 
1/ OpenEurope just released a forecast of 2.2% lower GDP for the UK by 2030 from No-Deal Brexit. Only 0.5% if the UK unilaterally liberalizes. That's almost within the margin of error! Woot! Sounds amazing. They included a couple of caveats though... 
You have just made this theory up, @JamesCleverly, in a futile attempt to distract people from the utter mess that the Conservative Government is making of the Brexit negotiations. 
It’s Monday.Peak chaos? Brexiters are serving up a dog’s dinner that bears absolutely no resemblance to what was promised. Because they promised a fantasy.Time to allow the people to think again. Or for MPs simply to do their duty and call #Brexit off.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The UK is the Nostromo.Brexit is the Alien. Boris Johnson is Ash. There is no Ripley. 
My colleagues in the newsroom were just discussing how Meghan’s baby and Brexit are happening at the same time and oh god. 
You should be ashamed of yourself @Jo_Coburn  this was a shocking interview with only one intent, luckily you just showed yourself up, not your guest. Not once did you ask about brexit which is what we are all concerned about & what @GerardBattenMEP has fought for for 25 years! 
In 2021, when considering who should be First Minister, choice is: @NicolaSturgeon who’s tried to do everything in her & SG power to keep Scotland in both EEA & Customs Union vs Col Davidson who threatens to resign if Brexit Deal creates opportunity Scotland to stay in EEA &/ CU! 
One of the abiding mysteries of #Brexit. Why did two low rent chancers end up running Leave EU, with the biggest single ever political donation in British history? But this mystery will be solved one day. And I bet it will connect Farage to both Cambridge Analytica and Putin  
"No deal will have only a mild impact because we have not measured the impact of no deal."Stubborn & sustained Brexit blindness.  
REPORT: No Deal Brexit would have 'relatively small' economic impact, according to @OpenEurope. Enough of the doomsday scaremongering, please! 
Nigel Dodds: The DUP is not bluffing over threat to bring down power pact with Theresa May over Brexit  via @PoliticsHome 
Bob Geldof is wrong – the arts can thrive after Brexit. Remember the Beatles, for example, they had their success before we even joined the EEC/EU, the most successful pop band of all time..  
Get ready for the Cabinet Resignations this week. As someone who voted Brexit and would do again, it just seems to be falling apart. The EU don't want the shambolic deal May has tabled, her own MPs dont want it, and of course Labour wants to scupper it. I will take a No Deal now. 
We want the annihilation of Brexit. And a grateful parting from Brexiters in all the political parties where their rotten-appleness pollutes everything. “Theresa May’s reward for a Brexit deal? Political annihilation | Matthew d’Ancona  
If there is now near-universal acceptance that there is no brexit deal which is acceptable to every faction of Leave voters, there's a very decent argument that the 48% who voted for Remain are the largest coherent voting bloc 
Brexit news: DUP to join Nigel Farage and Tories for anti-Chequers rally | Politics | News |  
It is precisely because the people whose job it was to explain this stuff were dropping the ball that I got involved in Brexit in the first place. It is just maddening that the BBC would release an article claiming to be an authority now AND STILL BE WRONG 
"But the SNP doesn't have a mandate to hold an independence referendum!"Oh really? According to @RuthDavidsonMSP they do. 
What's the ultimate irony of the Brexit deadock?Negotiations are in danger of falling apart over inability to find insurance policy to prevent a hardening of Irish border. So there might be No Deal & a possible hardening of border.Yes. It is that silly.A No Deal thread  
Do you want the #FinalSay on Brexit? Join us in London this Saturday to march for a @peoplesvote_uk 
The @Conservatives are sneakily planning to export the #NHS across the world as part of efforts to boost investment in Britain post-Brexit.This is why the right wing Conservatives want a No Deal. And this is why we need to #GetTheTories0ut#VoteLabour 
#Brexit talks hit a "real problem" over the Irish border, government sources warn  
" it is probably inevitable that we will end up with a no deal scenario." Says DUP's Sammy Wilson MP, buoyed no doubt by Davidson and Mundell falling in with DUP line. The great union dividend: a cliff edge #Brexit. 
Davidson and Mundell ‘could resign over Brexit deal’My first thought:  
Rochford MP Mark Francois has told @BBCNews that Cabinet members "have been treated like mushrooms" by the PM over #Brexit. "They've been kept in the dark and fed a diet of BS". He says there are 3 - 4 members of the Cabinet who are "very unhappy" over NI backstop. #VictoriaLive 
#LBC  Never ending Brexit bashing. Sir Keir Starmer talking bollocks BBC Radio 4. Alastair Campbell shouting & screaming Good Morning Britian. Now got James O’ Brien on LBC. Brexit bashing non stop everyday. The worst radio presenter in  Give it a rest.   
Is this the crunch week for Brexit?  
On October 20th the clueless will join a #PeoplesVoteMarch demonstrationHere's a THREAD to explain some basic economic/political facts of life to Neoliberals/Moderates/Centrists ( @Anna_Soubry @DavidLammy @campbellclaret )1. YOU caused Brexit 
DUP Brexit spokesman says that a no deal Brexit is probably inevitable. Lets hope they are right because no deal is a very good deal for the UK. WTO rules have always been the best start point to conduct bilateral FTAs including with the EU..  
‘Bollocks to Brexit’ joins the #PeoplesVote !!March for the future - Park Lane, Saturday, Oct 20. - Stopping #Brexit is top of the agenda!  
This is outrageous, Brexit has reportedly moved from the most democratic form of decision-making (the referendum) to the least democratic (an unelected civil servant telling a representative of a foreign power that he can manipulate the PM to subvert the result). Terrible stuff.  
Here’s an irony. Mrs May says defending the Union of the UK is one of her fundamental principles. Yet in three of her misjudgements over Brexit she puts its future more at risk. 
The false establishment-versus-the-people narrative is extremely useful for the Brexiters. It protects them, because who wants to be seen to side with elite? The media don't and as we've seen recently the police don't. It gives the Brexit liars and criminals a degree of impunity. 
The clearest, best explanation of Brexit and its consequences. It'll take four minutes of your time and is pretty important. We all need to understand this and we need to understand right now.  
WATCH: @Femi_Sorry explains why no Brexit deal exists that can fix the Irish border issue  
.@NicolaSturgeon is an irrelevance. Her desperate attempts for attention just reveal her to be both insecure and ineffectual. It infuriates her that the Brexit movie is playing and she doesn't even have a cameo. Eyes on the day job Nippy - the mess of education wont sort itself  
It's ok - the royal baby will be induced to be delivered on 29th March and serve as a huge distraction to the country exploding on Brexit day 
- Housing proves unsustainable - Car finance debt the next crisis - Student debt all time high - Cost of living soaring past wages- Highest Global youth unemployment - US hiking interest rates- Brexit 2008 - Governments stepped in Next time they can’t. Open your eyes! 
"British banks are cutting lending to UK construction companies at the most sustained rate for seven years, highlighting the pressure on the sector as uncertainty around Brexit creates fears of a downturn."  
First pictures released this morning of DUP delegation heading for Dublin to meet those filthy Taigs. #DUP #Brexit  
This morning's Reporting Scotland failed to mention Ruth Davidson and David Mundell's threat to resign over Brexit. This is a significant u-turn from the Scottish Tory Branch Office manager, who had just been telling party members to back her leader, and BBC's silence is telling. 
Brexit talks in an almighty mess as PM flip-flops @InFactsOrg May's flip-flops must be wearing thin. 
James O'Brien on @LBC asking "Brexit: Do You Believe Me Now?"Brexiters now talking about "going down fighting". FFS. 
How much of an impact would a “no deal Brexit” have on the UK economy?  This thread, and the report attached to it, explore that question and are well worth a read.  
ON the #BBCNewsatOne #Brexit #RoyalBaby and other news. That is all. 
All the explanation you need to get Brexit can’t go into one tweet - Bust the jargon here   
Johnson is the new Churchill, in that Brexit is the new Gallipoli. 
What is happening to the Tory Party is more than baffling. It defies logic and any element of common sense. To win a majority at the next election the Tory Party has to be seen by voters as a Brexit supporting party. When will the PM’s advisers tell her?   
Those who are supporting Brexit now, ESPECIALLY those of you sat in the @UKParliament, you need to understand exactly what you will be responsible for in Northern Ireland.Good luck in the next general election... #PMQs 
This sums up what's wrong at BBC, headline today, another Royal baby not Brexit talks real problem over Irish border or worst famine for 100 years or US President denying climate change again. No wonder the UK is in such a mess & why Scotland needs to get out.#DissolveTheUnion 
RT. Unless you're perfectly happy with how Brexit is going.  
#Brexit Explained  
Ireland insists May keep pledge on Brexit border  
After March, 2019 , the UK will know what #loneliness means.#Brexit  
Peer of the realm encourages other EU governments to make it harder for UK to get a Brexit deal.  
Have you written to your MP today demanding a vote on the Brexit deal or no deal?   My Mum did to @neil_parish so  you can too. 
The Brexit Moonchild cometh!  
She didn't just say it once. She made it incredibly clear it was her priority when it comes to Brexit.  
someone has pointed out that Theresa May’s account hasn’t posted about Brexit for the last three weeks either, which is equally fascinating 
Germany's Maas hopes reason prevails to reach Brexit deal  
Brexit like a condemned man choosing between hanging and the electric chair Got to choose one but both shit 
sources telling me Theresa May has commandeered a vehicle and is speeding to the Markle palace to insist the baby is called Brexit for national prosperity 
"Brexit talks hit 'real problem' over Northern Ireland border"We have been telling you this the for two and a half years#GFA#peoplesvote 
This is an excellent letter from MP @LaylaMoran to @theresa_may about the @MetPoliceuk failure to investigate leave campaigns due to "political sensitivities".Layla- thank you for standing up for our democracy.#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #fairvote#Brexit  
The UK desperately needs re-balancing in favour of the "left-behind" parts of the country. When the purse strings of Westminster get tightened by Brexit, it's the areas they never care about that will suffer most.Brexit only makes the UK more unequal. 
Very good thread on what the referendum question actually was, and what the mandate is.  
So I would argue that Brexit backstop blow-up is more important in news terms than 6th in line to throne conceives. But I am aware that argument was lost some time in the ninth century 
A clean, harmless, beneficial Brexit was always a fantasy.  But this govt has totally screwed up the negotiations and even now, two days before the big summit, it can't agree on what it wants.  There is only one feasible way out - scrap Brexit and reform the EU from inside.  
Spot on @Femi_Sorry Oh, and don't forget @BorisJohnson that you were an integral part of the UK team discussing the Brexit options with the EU for the bulk of this time. Neither yourself nor @DavidDavisMP can avoid responsibility. Own your 'stuff' as the song goes.... 
This is more careless, dangerous language from DUP source. Talk of battle for Union is absurd. Backstop only arises because of Brexit. And if we have some leadership it could bring some stability and cohesion to NI. 
Even if Brexit deal reached, firms barely have time to adapt: Germany's DIHK  
You can't blame remainers Iain. If Brexit is so good then a deal would've been done by now, but it never was going to be good, because it was mis-sold to the public. We need a #PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain to end this debacle. 
Johnson is partly right. Yes it’s time for the PM to stand up to the bullies. Both the bullies inside and outside our political system. They are not interested in facts, compromise or our country's welfare #Brexit  
Every family in Britain has a stake in the Brexit negotiations and they’re close to failure. This MP’s shallow analysis shows how ignorance is holding the PM to ransom. I’ve never been so worried for our country.  
“From a shortage of skilled vets and vet nurses, to rising costs for animal health and pet food products and even the end of the EU pet passport scheme, Brexit will be disastrous for the nations dogs and cats and other companion animals." 
Read this & reflect this is the cause for which Mundell & Davidson said they would resign ...not the wellbeing or prosperity of Scotland, but this....Unionists plan ‘guerilla war’ against Northern Ireland Brexit plan – POLITICO  
Dear UK MPs, Voting down May's deal in @HouseofCommons does NOT mean No Deal. Other options:1. Extension of 2 year limit by EU consensus. 2. Revocation of notification by EU consensus. 3. ECJ to decide in January if UK can UNILATERALLY stop #brexit. Yours truly. 
Let’s stop being cynical about the #RoyalBaby - if Brexit goes as badly as some predict next year, it’ll be nice to coo over a beautiful baby with beautiful parents as we scrabble in bins for food, riot over medicine shortages and the Troubles kick off again in Northern Ireland. 
Why Theresa May rejected draft Brexit deal - ITV News  
If you’re listening to this morning’s depressing #Brexit news and screaming to yourself “this is insane - I’ve got do to SOMETHING!”... then join the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday. Let’s get at least a million people onto the streets of London! 
What if the twist is that Brexit was dead all along? 
With days to go before a crucial Brexit summit, talks between Britain and the European Union remained deadlocked on Sunday  
“This idea that countries around the world are lining up to give the UK preferential treatment is nonsense. It’s always been nonsense.” @Keir_Starmer says staying in the customs union could ensure the UK gets the “exact same benefits” from the EU even after Brexit #r4Today 
The voice of reason is due to speak at 11.00am,But you can bet by 12 midday May & her cohorts will have dismissed it out of hand completely. @ScotGovFM#UseTheMandate #AreYouYesYet #DissolveTheUnionNicola Sturgeon touts 'commonsense' Brexit alternative  
If the Tory's fail to stick to their general election manifesto promises on Brexit, you can cancel your membership by writing to The Tory Campaign Headquarters, 4v Mathew Street, London SW1H 4HQ don't forget to cancel your direct debit if you have one. GE promises MUST be kept. 
‘Britain Is Big!’ – German MEP Admits EU Would Be ‘Severely Impacted’ by ‘No Deal’ Brexit  
Brexit has many downsides but I think it will be nice for the Irish to watch a British famine 
Brexit divorce agreement collapses after Raab and Barnier meet  
In the Brexit negotiations the EU will defend its nature (including its internal market) and the Good Friday Agreement because of its responsibility to historyvia @IrishTimes 
How did we get here? Well, it was entirely predictable, and actually, inevitable given the enormity of the task, the punishing timeline and the ill-preparedness (and delusion) of Brexiteers. #Brexit  
My good friend Martin Rowson on David Davis calling for a cabinet rebellion over Theresa May's Brexit plan – political cartoon gallery in London  
Open Europe have published a new report, "No Deal: The economic consequences and how they could be mitigated." We found that a 'No Deal' Brexit would be sub-optimal, but the medium-term impact on UK economic growth would be relatively small. Read here:  
Not true. There is a far better alternative now the electorate can see clearly the chaos & uncertainty of Brexit: a #PeoplesVote with option to abandon this stupidity and remain 
Corbyn thinks he can go missing and then rely on his backbenchers to vote for the Gov Brexit Deal. Remainers are not as stupid as he likes to believe 
With Brexit negotiations at a seeming impasse & no clear way through on Irish backstop, No Deal is looking more likely. So @OpenEurope's new No Deal report is perfectly timed. (Thread )We find that No Deal would have a material but small impact on GDP growth by 2030 
If Scotland held the swing to keep England in the EU, you can bet your house on it that the media in the rUK would be going mental.  They would be feverishly trying to formulate an England Brexit on Scotland.In Scotland, our media ignores the fact this is happening to us! 
I continue to be absolutely flabbergasted that Wigmore - a foreign trade diplomat at the time of the referendum, whose country's sugar industry directly benefited from Brexit - has not been properly held to account 
It's a key week for Brexit negotiations and Jacob Rees-Mogg is live in the LBC studio. Watch live#RingReesMogg  
Lawyers, please do sign @Lawyers4PV open letter to @theresa_may stating that such significant constitutional upheaval cannot be undertaken without further public consultation. #peoplesvote @Lawyers4EU #Brexit  
Patriotic thing to do would be to arrest the leading brexiteers and end brexit today. 
Wonderful news that the Duke and Duchess are expecting. What better way to usher in a new era of global free trade than with our very own Brexit Baby! 
Make sure your baby’s born in Europe Megan - Ireland’s nice - then he/she will be able to get an EU passport and live and work on the continent post Brexit. Don’t think a German great grandmother is enough.  #practicalities #RoyalBaby 
Hi @jeremycorbyn. As my MP, it would be great to see you doing what you do best by standing up for your constituents and future generations on the biggest ever Brexit march this weekend. There’s no Arsenal game on Saturday, so no excuse. See you there, yeah?  
TODAY as Brexit negotiations enter what could be seen as the ‘final phase’. The Good Friday Agreement itself in jeopardy. Let me repeat that, the Good Friday Agreement is in jeopardy. If this deal is made, and the GFA broken, is will be an unforgivable act of history. Shame. 
#RoyalBaby news. The Duchess Of Sussex is pregnant and the baby is due just after the Brexit deadline.  
‘Bollocks to Brexit’ joins the People’s Vote!!March for the future - Park Lane, Saturday, Oct 20.We really do need to stop this thing called Brexit.  
This story is likely to be lost amid Brexit & royal babies, but it is truly shocking, and yet more exceptional work by colleague @robevansgdn 
I’m not. I’m behind the NHS. And Brexit is bad for my patients, who come first. Not sovereignty, passports, flags or empire. Patients. NHS patients.  
If memory serves, this "spiritual adviser" began legal proceedings against me for querying her claim that Princess Di had told her she'd have voted Brexit. I believe she declined to pursue them in the end. 
Brexit is an unholy mess. Whether or not it could ever have been anything else, it is now, beyond question, an UNFIXABLE MESS.The ONLY way out is a #FinalDealVote WITH AN OPTION TO REMAIN.RT if you agree.And sign this petition () and TURN UP ON SATURDAY 
@GMB Alastair Campbell & Piers Morgan having a right slanging match on  Good Morning Britain. Stop putting   that nutcase Alastair Campbell on TV & Radio all the time. No one believes a word he says about anything. Banging on about Brexit & Peoples Vote everyday Shut up.   
The world’s 7,667,957,370th baby is the answer to Theresa May’s Brexit prayers. For one day only  
Britain is now just brexit and occasional royal babies please help us this island is a nightmare. 
The Tories now have a distraction as they balls up Brexit and we crash out of Europe.  
ICYMI: Late last night on #5live prominent Brexiter Andrew Bridgen made a fool of himself, asserting that under a [non-existent] reciprocal agreement any English person is entitled to an Irish passport. Alarming ignorance in an MP who spouts about Brexit and Ireland. 
It's 844 days since the referendum and many Tory MPs still appear to have no clue about Ireland, the Common Travel Area, passports and the border.Introducing @Abridgen of the ERG: "As an Englishman, I understand I'm entitled to an Irish passport" 
Today's news: - Talks collapse after Raab and Barnier meeting-Ministers told to start implementing plans for a no-deal Brexit within weeks- No chance of time limit on Brexit border backstop, insists Irish Foreign Minister 
Imagine being so incompetent you pay £1bn so that a group of people can stop you doing what you want to do.#Brexit #DUP 
John Humphrys’ first question on #r4today to Kier Starmer:- “Wouldn’t the patriotic thing be for Labour to support Theresa May on Brexit?”A perfect example of how one question tells more about the person asking it than the person answering it. 
A really interesting article - I was a devout Remainer in 2016, but am now enthused by the opportunities of Brexit  via @BrexitCentral 
The people voted to elect a government and a Prime Minister to take difficult decisions. Shame Cameron didn’t understand that is how our system works. @peoplesvote_uk the only way now to undo the mess the referendum created. Ps TB was re-elected after the overthrow of Saddam  
Worst thing about Brexit (besides it being bad idea lobbied for with lies) is how it distracts from real problems that need attention (low productivity, high inequality) and also how it prevents UK from providing global leadership on big ideas such as those around green economy. 
For 40 years we’ve been removing barriers in Europe, to trade, to people, to culture and ideas. Brexit builds barriers. This cartoon sums it up nicely.  
Brexit hell for May as DUP to join Nigel Farage and Tories for anti-Chequers rally  
The British border between #ireland and #NorthernIreland currently. Any #brexit option that does not look like this is utterly unacceptable to Irish people  
But fair enough for Humphrys to point out ‘the exact same benefits’ is an eccentric Brexit demand.But this goes to heart of it: voters WERE promised exact same benefits. If you want to talk about ‘will of the people’, it was that too. Let them decide if they’re going to get it. 
The Brexit Select Committee said this in Dec 2017: “We do not currently see how it will be possible to reconcile there being no border with the Government’s policy of leaving the Single Market and the Customs Union”. It is this policy which is the cause of the current stand-off. 
As the battle rages at the heart of a dysfunctional Tory and Unionist  party over whatever damaging version of #Brexit they want to inflict on usEveryone must remember it's all about them - the Brexit elite. They don't give a stuff about the country#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Listened to Today programme for first time in ages. Can't think of any other British journalist who is more ignorant of Brexit than John Humphrys. 
Keir Starmer running rings around angry Brexit grandpa John Humphrys on account of knowing (a) facts and (b) what words mean. 
We all need to get our heads around what a no deal Brexit means. You can’t trade without a trade deal. We will literally be the only country in the world without any trade deal. Here’s a hard hitting summary of what a no deal Brexit actually means... 
Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer says if Labour was negotiating in Brussels, it would argue for a customs union with the EU on a permanent basis and a "strong single market deal" #r4today 
Brexit loving John Humphrys: "We are in the middle of difficult negotiations, and it's surely the duty of a responsible opposition to help not to hinder"Since when? The duty of the opposition is to oppose (the clue's in the name).#r4today #PeoplesVote @UKLabour @LBC 
just skimmed back through Jeremy Corbyn’s last 70 tweets and curiously not one of them was about Brexit 
What a bloody mess. So much time & treasure wasted on a hiding to nothing.Sh*t is hitting the #Brexit fan as so many warned it would 2 years ago. Any deal is bad & any version of this #BrexitShambles leaves us WORSE OFF.Fess up #RevokeA50 & #Remain 
#r4today and Tory puppet John Humphrys made demands to Labour’s Shadow Brexit Secretary Sir Keir Starmer that Labour backs the Conservative position which they haven’t even announced yet. What an absolute joke. 
FM @Nicolasturgeon will be setting out an alternative to the #brexit choices being considered by the UK Government in a speech at @theRSAorg today. Watch it live from 11.30am or follow the conversation #RSAbrexit 
If the EU is pretending that the Belfast Agreement was a commitment by the UK that if the UK ever left the EU, Northern Ireland would be annexed by the EU, it's been having a laugh, not taking the Brexit negotiations seriously at all, & wanting no deal from the start. 
John Humphrys’ first question to Kier Starmer was wouldn’t the patriotic thing be for Labour to support Theresa May on Brexit. Patriotic?? What’s patriotism got to do with any of this? #r4today 
"It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" - Mark Twain #Brexit  
I love how commentators and interviewers seem to express shock when Sinn Féin talk about Irish unity - Irish unity has been Sinn Féin’s priority since partition, not since June 2016. Partition has never made sense, Brexit has not caused this, it just highlights it even further. 
When I woke up on June 24th 2016 and saw the news, my first thought was "well I guess my country won't get to be good during my lifetime". I was thinking in moral terms as my main concern over Brexit was human rights.But the social divisions that the above would inflame... 
From "the easiest deal in history" to "not the end of the world", there is no denying that #Brexit is not what was first offered. The mandate to leave the EU is dead and there is no consensus for a way forward. Government should #SuspendA50 or call a #PeoplesVote. 
What is the mysterious backstop 2 backstop? 1. An NI-EU customs union. It's in UK exit treaty & binding2. An EU-UK CU: a plan to avoid backstop 1 (with ref in exit treaty) Backstop 2 needs ANOTHER treaty post-Brexit. That's why it's mostly in declaration on future relations 
It is better to concede that the Referendum was not democratic and that the outcome dishonours our British people. Then to be long remembered for stubbornly sticking to a decision that will make us poorer in so many ways and surrendering to Brexiteer self-interests and delusions.  
As May's Brexit deal and premiership hangs by a thread, here's a quick reminder of how we were told this would all work out.  
You have to give it to the SNP. Spent more £ on a by-election than the #EUref, appointed an old school free marketeer as their #Brexit spokesperson, haven’t presented a single viable solution to constitutional fallout - yet the supine commentators still line up and applaud. 
About to go on @JuliaHB1 to discuss Dominic Raab’s ‘mad dash to Brussels’ - & why there should be a people’s vote to stop Brexit 
Remembered this tweet from last December’s Brexit shambology. Think it still holds tbh  
I don't want to see the country tear itself apart.Those companies that are threatening to leave, they're mainly taking jobs from the areas that voted to Leave.When Leave voters start blaming Remainers for a bad Brexit and Remainers blame Leave voters for stealing our future... 
A campaigner explains why there is no Brexit deal which can solve the problems on the Northern Irish border.@NickFerrariLBC | @Femi_Sorry 
Olly Robbins is understood to have reached a deal with the EU to keep the UK indefinitely in a customs union BEFORE Theresa May backed downThis unelected Remainer civil servant has no place being the de facto lead Brexit negotiator via @Telegraph 
‘Government sources admit Brexit talks have hit a real problem’The real problem is Brexit itself 
The idea that the EU’s strategy on Brexit has been driven by a desire for, effectively, Irish unification is such a misreading of the situation that it’s hard to know where to start, or to believe that the commentator really believes this guff 
fascinating how Tommy Robinson has his picture taken with some soldiers and they get discharged...yet Jeremy Corbyn has his picture taken with hamas a known terrorist organization - and no one in government says a word...#Brexit #TommyRobinson @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn #hypcrisy 
How proud that makes me that IRL will not be following the Brexit folly  
What is your #MondayMotivation to go to the anti-Brexit march in London on 20 October to demand a #PeoplesVote?We will be there.Please join us. 
If Brexit happens, it will absolutely lead to the break up of the UK, this was always a certainty given strength of feeling in Scotland & Northern Ireland.The blame for this can be laid completely at the feet of the Brexiters whose plans wouldn't have filled a postage stamp.  
We've *already* lost ~£42Bn on this misadventure through lost growth (~14Bn/year from the treasury) because business doesn't want to risk investing in brexit Britain. 
'There’s no absolutely need to have an intensified border’ @johnredwood discusses the future of the Irish border as #Brexit talks collapse.  
“No 10 will begin a two-day charm offensive in an attempt to win sceptical backbenchers round to Theresa May’s Brexit plans”We’ve seen this trick before, they invite them over, then falsely claim they’ve convinced 90% of the attendees #StandUp4Brexit 
Standard of UK commentary on Brexit has often been spectacularly misinformed. Consistently fails to understand EU27’s motivation and aims.  
We are heading for a no deal Brexit. Theresa May can’t get a deal because of factions in her own party & DUP. She’s got no one to blame but herself. She called an unnecessary election, lost her majority and triggered Article 50 too early. She’s the author of her own misfortune. 
Things heated up quickly with Alastair Campbell this morning. But Susanna has one question for John Redwood regarding #Brexit  
Friends! The best thing about Brexit is it shows the people of Our UK - e.g. Our Politicians, Our Lawyers, Our Media, Our Celebrities, Our Terrorists, Our A C Grayling, etc. - love Our EU, and want Our People's Second Final Say To Vote Remain!Talk about a spectacular own-goal!  
Amid all the breathless media coverage of the Brexit battles in Cabinet and Brussels - people need to remember that devolution & the Good Friday Agreement itself are in jeopardy here. It will utterly unforgivable if that hard-won settlement is broken by Brexit. 
I suspect we will be hearing a lot more about these mystery ultra-Remainers advising the Commission, who are responsible for everything in much the same way as those who advocated and implemented Brexit are responsible for nothing. 
Ah yes, Mr Branson who isn't political at all but just donated money to Gina Miller's anti-democracy campaign against Brexit. But I guess that's no problem at all as he is of the "correct" opinion?? 
Bully boy  @campbellclaret well and truly owned by @piersmorgan over #Brexit and the Iraq War. @GMB 
-Hi, we want to leave the EU-OK-Can we have a trade deal?-Let's agree on the backstop first-Yeah fine, whatever-Thanks-Can we have a trade deal now?-OK. Any preference?-The best deal in the world please-OK. As long as you honour the backstop-Which backstop?#Brexit 
Foreign Office left disoriented and demoralised by Brexit, say diplomats  
Meanwhile, as I often say, real work is being done by genuinely clever people to find out more about our solar system. This kind of story should lead every bulletin not the nonsense of Brexit and US politics.  
Foreign Office left disoriented and demoralised by Brexit, say diplomats If you had Johnson for a boss, then Hunt, who wouldn't be demoralised? 
Conservative ministers have accused the EU of:*being like Nazis*being like Russia*constant references to WW2*and the UK needs to “go down fighting”For the record, I haven’t read a single example of EU comparing Brexit to a war of any kind. 
Talks broke down yesterday because Brexit is undeliverable, undesirable, unbeneficial, unbelievably stupid and driven by idiots.Apart from that, everything’s fine.Now #StopBrexit via #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
London bound to meet @10DowningStreet and @jeremycorbyn Ireland will not be collateral damage in Tory/DUP Brexit 
Ahead of a crucial week in Brexit talks, influential backbencher @Jacob_Rees_Mogg takes your calls this morning from 9am with me on @LBCWhat would you like to ask? 
Why has Brexit been a failure from start to finish?Because that's what it is. To do it at all means to lose most of what we have. To hamstring the UK. To fail.Brexit is failure enshrined into national policy. 
‘What went wrong with Brexit negotiations?’asks @BBCr4today. Brexit,that’s what,like it was the hole in the Titanic that was what went wrong 
TORY BREXIT PLAN:1. Propose impossible deal, which EU refuses2. Say: "Look at those EU wankers, it's their fault we're crashing out of EU with disastrous no-deal3. Crash out of the EU with disastrous no-deal(Don't mention whole disaster triggered by Tories in 1st place) 
Under 6 months to Brexit day. And firms are going to have to start implementing plans for no deal which in some cases mean leaving the UK. Yet there is apparently no Parliamentary majority for no deal. This needs sorting ASAP. 
I'm told that yesterday's #Brexit talks faltered because the Ireland protocol still contained the option of N Ireland remaining in the customs union, despite extensive tweaks to the text. This has given birth to the hideous phrase "backstop to the backstop." (1) 
Looks like we'll have a Hard Brexit, all fault of FPUBE OFOCers at @peoplesvote_uk who rather than mobilising people against govt (the actual people negotiating Brexit) used the good intentions of people to campaign against a socialist Labour leader.Well done  
@ForBritainPartyStop immigrationStop foreign aidStop #IslamisationStop non-stun slaughterStop shariaStop #FGMStop #HS2Stop forced/child marriageStop honour crimeScrap @BBC licence#Brexit NOWDeport illegalsBan the burqua 
The DUP are planning for a NoDeal Brexit, they'll crash the UK out of the EU in the worst way possible, just to fulfil their xenophobic dogma. The Tories don't want a #PeoplesVote but are ok with letting Arlene Foster make decisions & set strategy for the whole UK #BrexitShambles 
Furious Tories demand David Davis is installed as ‘interim leader’ in protest at Theresa May’s Brexit strategy  
Broken Basketcase Tory Brexit the musical - let’s dance   
Why Did Vote Leave Donate £625,000 To A 23-Year-Old Fashion Student During The Referendum?  @BrexitBin @campbellclaret @dontbrexitfixit @thesilverfox971 @MarieAnnUK @Femi_Sorry @RCorbettMEP @CharlesTannock @catherinemep @julie4nw @SebDance @peoplesvote_uk 
Seriously, Brexit is right on schedule:  
This isn’t just about Brexit - warring Tories are fighting to replace Theresa May  
I was a devout Remainer in 2016, but am now enthused by the opportunities of Brexit, writes Chloe Schendel-Wilson  
“The Brexit prize must include being able to strike ambitious and lucrative free trade deals with countries like China, India & the United States – as well as the Commonwealth. That’s what our goal has to be” @andreajenkyns#StandU4Brexit #BinTheBackstop 
Stock slump resumes in Asia after only short lived stabilization. Risk-Off mood returned following a weekend of warnings on global econ fragility from annual IMF gathering and rising oil prices on US-Saudi tensions. Pound slipped as no Brexit deal reached. Most EM currencies dip.  
Great piece on the UK, Ireland, and Brexit - by ex-Taoiseach John Bruton: "In each decision, maintaining close relations with Ireland is given a lower priority than the supposed benefits of trade agreements with faraway places, and curbing immigration" 
Shall we book the coaches? Tractors ready for a trip up to Westminster? If Theresa May fails to deliver Brexit then the 2002 Countryside March will start to look like a school trip. Betray us & face the consequences, Mrs May. #brexit #csm #TheresaMay 
In a brilliant counter to the spin that the young feel betrayed and want to reverse the referendum result, ex-Students' Union President and devout Remainer in 2016 @ChloeSWilson writes on @BrexitCentral why we should now embrace the opportunities of Brexit  
Specifically, what are the said benefits of #Brexit for Scotland? 
Language matters. No deal = chaotic & catastrophic hard #Brexit. If UK gets WA through but does not change red lines (leaving CU & SM) = hard #Brexit after transition. Political declaration = non-binding intent. Backstop = contingency unless & until an alternative is available 
Blairite MPs who vote with the Tories on #Brexit are not just traitors, they're also brain dead. It's poltical suicide. A future "Centrist" party will rely on remainers to form its core support base. I don't imagine "voted for Tory Brexit" going down too well with them, do you? 
David Davis says cabinet ministers should rebel against Theresa May’s Brexit deal... Should the Tories change their policy or change their leader?@JuliaHB1 |  
Brexit talks break up amid border impasse.Start implementing no-deal plans now, urge mandarins.Ministers told to start implementing plans for a no-deal Brexit within weeks as last-ditch EU talks between UK & the EU broke up after little more than an hr. 
Re: the 'SNP Govt' v 'Scottish Govt' issue with BBC Scotland. There are two key stories today being reported by BBC Scotland. Listen out and note the number of times reporters refer to the 'Tory Govt' when reporting on fracking and Brexit. They'll always refer to the 'UK Govt'. 
Good morning world:-)))Think this week might be fuelled by anger and frustration, but that’s fine!!Fracking, climate, Brexit, wildlife loss, social injustice.....What else can you do but work towards a kinder future?!?#MondayMotivation 
Tory MP Andrea Jenkyns said that Britain should go down fighting for Brexit... What good captain allows the vessel to sink when there are reasonable options to save the ship and all onboard? The rhetoric from the Brexiters is becoming both extreme and extremely gung-ho! #r4today 
Ministers have been told to start implementing plans for a no-deal Brexit within weeks, The Times has learnt  
The so-called 'environmentally friendly' EU is allowing electro-pulse fishing to continue for another 4 years. This devastating practice turns sea and ocean floors into deserts of death. Even China had banned it! We need #Brexit to save our fish.  
Early start @GLA_Airport. Heading to London to make #Brexit speech @theRSAorg. As talks reach impasse in Brussels, @scotgov will continue to exhaust all possibilities for compromise and common sense. Staying in single market/customs union only credible Brexit option for UK. 
Brexit deal fails after dispute over Northern Ireland derails talks: Explanation - The EU will not sacrifice peace in Ireland in order to placate Brexit zealots.  
European markets seen lower after Brexit talks fail to lead to breakthrough  
How would a hard Brexit affect the Republic of Ireland?  
Absurd that this @RolandRudd a bigoted, wealthy, public school, Oxbridge, multi millionaire, elitist EU Nationalist who funded the Remain campaign is playing a major role in #Brexit & insults @DUPleader an elected leader of 10 @duponline who does actually represent voters. 
The enormity of Theresa May's Brexit betrayal which is being cooked up strikes a dagger blow to democracy. It is time for her to go. Read my latest on @TheConWom 
It’s not possible to betray Brexit, Steven. The referendum was bent. It’s like saying you’d be ‘betraying’ a burglar breaking into the local post-office by calling the police. 
As the Brexit talks now look like collapsing, this case - which gives Parliament a way out - looks more important than ever. We're nearly funded, please help us over the line.  
Praying for all tweeps on the feast of #StTeresaofAvila, esp our Carmelite friends, the ppl of Yemen and those involved in Brexit negotiations. #prayer 
#BrexitThe story so far.UK to EU."We want to LEAVE."EU "It is too diificult."UK"OK, We won't LEAVE." 
Furious Arlene Foster ready to lead Brexit rebellion after ‘HOSTILE’ meeting with BarnierDUP leader Arlene Foster is primed to trigger a no-deal Brexit and sink Theresa May, leaked government emails suggest. 
We should pause for a moment in our Brexit fight & consider the unfolding disaster in Yemen. Millions of people are on the verge of famine - why is Global Britain not pressuring Saudi to stop the war & allow humanitarian aid in? 
.@giancarloCFTC: "A hard Brexit will affect EU market participants as hard as it will affect European ones and globally as well."  
A good report this morning on @SkyNews re: the latest #Brexit furore.@joncraig: "...but, it does make a No Deal look more likely".@BorisJohnson: "Matters cannot go on as they are". 
“Brits need more time”. “The problem is at the British end,” a diplomat said.or Brexit is an ideology it just DOES NOT WORK in reality. 
The Guardian view on Brexit delusions: diminishing Britain’s standing  
Wish Everyone would realise Brexit is about the British Establishment NOT having to pay their Tax And used the Brit MSM to Con everyone else The good Scottish people are better than this and will leave soon #Indyref2 
I'll have all the details on these news items in <2hrs from now. Please join me for more on: #SaudiArabia #JamalKhashoggi #himalayas hikers' deaths, #Brexit negotiations, & other news.  
 » Blog Archive »Why I’m now betting that Brexit won’t happen next March 29th as planned  
Foreign Office left disoriented and demoralised by Brexit, say diplomats  
In Today's Star: Majority opposed to referendum call - poll, Harambee Stars remain on course for Africa show,  Jacque Maribe and Joseph Irungu alias Jowie in court today after passing mental test. More -  
‘Hunt will urge EU on Monday to agree a Brexit deal to ensure the region can tackle global threats such as cyber attacks, migration and terrorism’Two weeks ago he was comparing EU  to USSR. Now he’s using risk of terrorist attacks against them. Imbecile. 
As London and Brussels negotiate #Brexit deal, don't forget that Belfast gets a big vote too.   
Brexit Britain leaves the EU and joins... Asia?  via @bopinion 
If #pr4bc is adopted, there will be another referendum after two elections to see if voters want to go back to #FPTP. New Zealand did that and voted to stay with #MMPRElections in ON & QC show #FPTP doesn’t deliver what many would consider a fair and democratic result. 
Negotiations between the UK and the EU concluded without a Brexit deal on Sunday, after disputes over Northern Ireland continued to hamper talks.  
Everything this Tory government touches turns to shit. Welfare, the NHS, Brexit, immigration, Grenfell, Windrush, and so much more. The country needs change. The country needs a Labour Government asap. #GTTO 
So is Trump happy to see brexit so that he can get a better trade deal with UK outside EU? So much for brexiters expecting better deal for UK with US  
.@BorisJohnson said “#Brexit talks were 'now entering the moment of crisis' and that 'matters cannot go on as they are',” 
-Asia stocks -Pound  as Brexit deal hangs in balance-Lagarde says be ready for more volatility-Oil  on U.S.-Saudi tensions-China GDP due Friday 
-Asia stocks -Pound  as Brexit deal hangs in balance-Lagarde says be ready for more volatility-Oil  on U.S.-Saudi tensions-China GDP due Friday 
This game less a referendum about Mahomes as it is a referendum about the Chiefs run defense 
This vid from @Femi_Sorry lays out a HUGE problem with Brexit that was ignored during the referendum. I remember the '98 NI ref and still have a copy of the #GFA that was sent to me. We were informed. There was 81% turnout and 71% voted in favour. Unlike this #BrexitShambles 
At first Brexiters seemed nostalgic for the 1950s - except in Rees-Mogg's case, the 1650s. Now that  Brexit is  exposed as a  they're turning to nostalgia for surviving the two World Wars. What next? We survived the Black Death too.#LetsMakeBritainRationalAgain 
10 more years & #Germany will follow the #uk out of the #eu because everything about that union is failing. #brexit 
They still don't seem to be able to understand that there will be no tariffs on lamb exports in a "no deal" Brexit, because there will be no exports  in the immediate future, until the UK acquires listed status.... 
#Brexit talks stall before midweek EU summit  
Forget about the BBC - Ireland’s RTÉ have Brexit coverage as it really is. Not Tory propaganda. @tconnellyRTE is worth following as he is one correspondent on top of his brief. 
The only question is... Are we going to keep clinging to the false hope that Brexit might work out, that there must be some solution, right up until it drives us off a cliff...? Or are we going to do the right thing? 
FURIOUS Arlene Foster ready to lead #Brexit rebellion after HOSTILE meeting with corrupt #EU's Barnier#DUP leader Arlene Foster primed to trigger #NoDeal Brexit and sink AILING  .@theresa_may, leaked government emails suggest#StandUp4Brexit 
There is nowhere left for politicians to hide. It is decision time. Are you with May or with British people,democracy & the country? May’s #BrexitDeal represents a farce, a betrayal & is not Brexit. So who has principles & enough spine to do the right thing? Resign & boot May out  
Stop shit-stirring Sturgeon, get off your heels!   Brexit is NOT in your remit, stop trying to make yourself sound important....you're not.   
Lord Wolfson is #Brexit funder and enabler. Isn't it about time #Remainers voted with their feet and stop buying from #Next 
The EU & Remainers are desperate to stop a real #Brexit happening not only as the EU needs UK money, our market & #openborders to survive but because the EU can’t compete with a sovereign #UK. When the UK succeeds after Brexit the EU will break apart. The UK lion will roar again!  
With the weight of the EU behind a Brexit deal, Tory whips believe they can eke out a parliamentary majority  
Brexit: UK can still make progress in talks - Downing Street  
Unsurprisingly, those who favour a harder Brexit are looking to pin the blame on Remainers and/or the EU. Hence Martin's ridiculous conspiracy theory. 
The problem at the heart of Theresa May’s Brexit nightmare is that she is utterly clueless.  
Your candidate @AprilPreston_ along with the overwhelming majority of #Withington #Ladybarn #Fallowfield residents voted to Remain. By backing her you get a representative who refuses to shy away from opposing this Tory brexit.  
Translation: Get back in your box and blindly accept being dragged off the Brexit cliff edge...know your place, Scotland. What a condescending heap of Animal Farm-esque shite.#BinTheUnion 
Blame game is already starting. Hearing that Remainers conspired with Brussels to sabotage the negotiations and ensure no-deal, apparently in the hope that the Govt would cancel Brexit. I've asked for evidence to support this bizarre allegation. Not expecting to get it. 
No where in the Edinburgh agreement did it say the referendum was "once in a generation"   if the UK government intend to ignore the sovereign people of Scotland we have no choice but to demand that the mandate the SNP were elected on is withheld . 
In summary, all MPs have let us down on Brexit. A curse on them all for fucking up the UK which should have fully engaged with the EU and been one of the drivers of success with Germany and France. 
Close but no deal: UK, EU scramble to salvage Brexit talks  
My first brexit conversation tonight. His eyes popped out on stalks when I told him the UK had appointed a food minister. 
The EU are a bit arrogant.Still assuming UK simply runs for what scraps they toss onto the floor.If we're not talking a proper deal, I'll accept us walking under WTO terms, happily.EU will deal a lot easier, once they've felt a little tariff pain.165 days until #Brexit.  
155 years ago today, Lincoln is celebrating GOP victories in gubernatorial elections in Ohio and PA. Both were a referendum on the war effort, especially in Ohio. The Peace Democrats, the Copperheads, ran Clement Vallandigham in Ohio. He was crushed in the voting. 
German media: "The Brexit talks between the UK and EU have collapsed. Ambassadors of the EU27 now recommend preparations for a #NoDealBrexit." 
The Guardian view on Brexit delusions: diminishing Britain’s standing | Editorial  
Brexit in an hour  
Europe right now.No deal BrexitAngela Merkel is crashing Macron is crashing Italy in a mess.  
A political solution appears to be in the horizon for Catalonia: a referendum, proposed by the Spanish prime minister, that if passed would grant more autonomy to the region. 
I'm beginning to think we will still be thrashing out a Brexit deal at the end of March 2019. Get on with it,nwe are holding all the trump cards, if only May and Hammond  could see it. 
Ross is a nationalist, an extreme right-wing British nationalist. When experts point out there is no good  #Brexit outcome he doesn't care. Career first, constituents last. #Dissolvetheunion 
Brilliant article from my great friend @ChloeSWilson about how she now sees the opportunities from #Brexit  
#BREAKING #brexit News emergency talks fail with the #EU over Irish border. @ScotTories linked to this disaster we must stop #Brexit or Scotland will leave the UK.  
Agree Brexit deal for security, British foreign minister says to EU  
BREXIT: Foreign Office left disoriented and demoralised by Brexit, say diplomats /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
I'm glad we properly discussed the Irish border during the Brexit referendum campaign. So pleased that politicians properly highlighted how much of an issue it would be and we debated it thoroughly. Good job guys. 
The ultimate Irony of brexit....It was the Conservative & UNIONIST  party that put the final nail in the coffin of the UK union.The sweet, sweet Irony of it all.#DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #Marr 
Wild scenes at the #LeaveMeansLeave rally in Torquay as Nigel Farage, Jacob Rees-Mogg & Tim Martin inspire the nation's youth with the spirit of #Brexit. These people are the future!Miss Tibbs says she has seen nothing like it since Cliff Richard's English Riviera tour of 1965.  
false analogy. It isnt an election. You get another chance in 5 years in election. Brexit is permanent  
#DavidDavis; #NigelFarage; #LiamFox...and a host of other toxic mediocrities  along with something called the #EuropeanResearchGroup are running this country. I have absolutely no time nor pity for #TheresaMay, but if she kicked them all to the kerb, I'd applaud. #Brexit  
Theresa May's Brexit problem: the steps needed to reach a deal make it ever more likely that parliament or the Conservative Party will defeat her.  
BORIS is dead right to say remaining in the EU's customs union would be a disastrous surrender of our country.No10 agrees!  The #PM says there cannot be a #Brexit unless we are out of the Customs Union and Single Market.  
The EU ref was called by the Tories to heal splits in their partyThe Tories are "negotiating" Brexit. BadlyThe Tories are imploding because of BrexitBrexit is 100% tied around the ankles of the ToriesLABs must let the Tories sink to the bottom of the seaGood riddance!  
In a nutshell, Brexit is an ultra-Thatcherite project of deregulation. It's the Right's final coup of British society, every nation locked into neo-liberal economics. The good old English heroism of no going back - we reach the pole or die. Thankfully Scotland has other ideas. 
If Brexiters are now openly admitting Brexit means the country will go down then why on earth do it?This jingoistic tripe won't pay people's bills, keep businesses afloat, protect the health service, give young people opportunities.We can stop this madness. #PeoplesVote 
Just on @bbc5live saying that today’s Brexit breakdown makes a people’s vote the only way to break the deadlock - giving people the choice to stay in the EU & end this nightmare 
As a Scot wanting to leave the U.K. I’m accused of being Anglophobic On that logic the English pursuing #Brexit are:Francophobic, HispanophobicTeutophobicHibernophobicAnd 23 more. #DissolveTheUnion 
In fact I am struggling to think of any Tory policy since 1979 that has benefitted the majority of the population in the long term. They have ripped the heart out of this nation and now risk the very Union itself over Brexit. 
Democracy Demands Brexit, not fudge then ultimately betrayal. Join, support and vote UKIP #ForTheNation   
The people in charge are out of control. Don't let them drag us down. Let's stop Brexit and start building a better Britain. March Saturday 20 October London - it's our last chance. @peoplesvote_uk #FinalSay #peoplesvotemarch 
#Cornwall's largest software company warns it will look to open a subsidiary on the continent rather than in the UK if #Brexit sees Britain leave the Single Market.#PeoplesVote 
Almost two thirds (61%) of Irish people would like to see Irish unification on the back of Brexit negotiations.#brexit #Think32 
Decided to relax after a hectic weekend by watching a few episodes of #TheThickofIt.With RHI, Stormont, Brexit and the rest, I now think I'm living through some kind of live enaction of the episode ideas @Aiannucci threw away, marked "Too ridiculous to be believed"... 
...how come they consider any or all of those to be reasonable positions for them to take, but an aberration of democracy for the whole of the UK to take the same position on Brexit itself?4/4 
"Transport companies such as Manfreight have developed decades-long supply routes, carefully managed on delicate profit margins and strictly regulated man-hours for the company’s 180 drivers. For these businesses, which rely on certainty, Brexit is chaos."  
NEW - Something Doesn't Smell Right - Understanding The Great Brexit Scam is like attempting to play two games of three dimensional chess simultaneously - for those playing catch-up here's what's not happening over ELECTORAL FRAUD & CORRUPTION in the UK 
You asked what created the anger. Personally, I agree that Brexit won't solve those problems. Neither will abandoning Brexit. What's needed is a socialist government under Corbyn. 
There must be fifty ways to leave the EU.I know there's more but.....#BrexitSellOut #Brexit #BrexitMeansExit #MBGA 
Mark on your calendar the day @DanielJHannan said he would prefer a second referendum.If there's a clearer signal Brexit has failed, I've not seen it.  
somehow at the exact same time the fanbase for brexit and the fanbase for not brexit  
Anna Soubry her Constituents in Broxtowe Voted Leave in the Majority ! It’s because of Anti Democrats like Sourbry that Brexit has been Made More Difficult!  
I’ve come to the conclusion that @jeremycorbyn exists in a parallel reality where Brexit isn’t happening. It seems to share other ills with the UK - just not the most critical one. #WheresJeremyCorbyn 
Stand up for your Yorkshire constituents, almost all of whom (except you) will be poorer because of #Brexit@peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
Probably stating the obvious, but what’s clear tonight is that the biggest obstacle to a Brexit deal, as things stand, is Theresa May’s inability to get her cabinet, party, and the DUP behind whatever is agreed with the EU in Brussels 
As the prospect of a possible GE comes nearer, so does the inevitability of another hung parliament. I for one will not be lending @UKLabour my vote while a Corbyn #Brexit is still on the table. Rule it out, support a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain & my vote is yours. 
Yes, the collapse of Brexit negotiations is a massive humiliation. But it's a humiliation for the govt and the Brexiteers. It should be seen as a massive victory for those of us who recognise that Brexit would have been a hugely damaging exercise. 
Try imagining staying in the EU. #Brexit is a failed concept: there are no new markets. We sell more to Ireland than we do to China@peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
So the british border in Ireland is continuing to cause brexit problems.  See, this is why, after you’ve invaded a country, pillaged its resources and murdered its people, you should give it all back when you’re ‘invited’ to leave. #DissolveTheUnion 
If you are a German national and you want to naturalise as British, do it now because after Brexit, Germany will not allow dual citizenship with the UK, as the UK will no longer be an EU country. They will continue to recognise pre-Brexit dual citizenship. Please RT widely. 
What is EU Withdrawal Agreement about?Irish BorderDivorce PaymentCitizen movement after #BrexitOver TWO YEARS after #EURef,discussions on all important trade deal haven't even begun.Either Tory Gov is hopelessly incompetent or they have no intention of taking us out of EU. 
The pound fell in early Sydney trading after a weekend of intense talks failed to produce a Brexit deal  
None of these alternatives are available to the UK - except with an Irish backstop and/or customs union - other than no deal or a second referendum.  
I’m sorry, but as inconvenient and unnecessary as Brexit may be, my bottom line is that I want the Tories out even more. We need an election as a matter of urgency, and to give Labour the opportunity to undo what is now, and always has been, a Tory-inspired debacle. Night x 
I think people are massively underestimating the impact of no deal with voters on a) the Tory brand b) the credibility of Brexit.Don’t underestimate the potential for many voters to shrug and say ‘it can’t be done so let’s not’. Not everyone of course but enough to shift votes. 
Even The egg heads  could not tell us what will happen after brexit So why does May and her killers think they can 
File this clipping away, it will be needed in the days ahead when arguments arise about what the British agreed to, and what they did not..... #brexit  
Say the gangsters who want to push the British people off the no-deal cliff, so vulture capitalists can feed off the broken remains. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
There is no “Northern Ireland”. It is six counties in the north of Ireland. It should have never been in the British state in the first place. It is past time for a United Ireland and let Britain Brexit cleanly. It’s not rocket science #Brexit #Ireland 
My twitter appears to have a broken filter. I'm trying to find all the tweets by Jeremy Corbyn (the supposed leader of the opposition) where he attacks the governments Brexit position, or holds them to account, or even just belittles their incompetence. Can anyone help? 
Looks like we're gearing up for No Deal or No Brexit. 
So we had news tonight of a Brexit deal being agreed!Then Dominic Raab met Michel Barnier....Brexit deal collapses!! Another fine mess from the ridiculously incompetent Tories!  
Brexit hasn’t happened yet but the way we’ve treated over 3 million EU citizens who’ve contributed to our economy, our society and our lives, is utterly shameful.  
Forget about Brexit.....this is brilliant  
While Ms Freeman was serving the SNP's interests in the referendum campaign they stuffed her with so many quango appointments that she was being paid for more days than there are in the year. Remarkable.   via @Sunday_Post 
Brexiters like @piersmorgan sometimes compare #Brexit with football. So let's do that. When Juventus were found to have cheated they were stripped of their title, relegated and docked points. That looks a good model for #Brexit!#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
A lawsuit accusing Harvard University of discriminating against Asian-American applicants will go to trial on Monday. It is widely seen as a referendum on affirmative action.  
Actually it's you, Ms Sturgeon, who should resign. You have been promising an independence referendum for over two years, and it's quite obvious that you cannot deliver this promise, solemnly made. Show honour and courage, and resign immediately.  
The Brexit crisis should make the Conservative & Unionist Party unelectable for a generation, but they top the polls in England. My mind wanders to Harry Houdini. 
@jeremycorbyn of @UKLabour says he voted for Remain.Based on what you've seen from him since the referendum do you think he's telling the truth?Please RT 
As stated by @Anna_Soubry “The uncomfortable truth is #Brexit cannot be delivered. It’s time we all faced the reality and were honest with the British people. We owe them a huge apology for a referendum with an option that was undefined & undeliverable. “This includes Labour!  
Tomorrow's front page: Brexit talks break up amid impasse over Irish border #tomorrowspapertoday 
Brexit panic has started on the Continent. Now we must drive a hard bargain. The UK was in such a strong position but May threw it all away because she was always a remainer..  
Brexit: If nobody's talking, how can a deal be reached?  
Just abandon Brexit. It’s a catastrophic idea, resulting from a rigged referendum! 
Robbins is not going to deliver a Brexit deal that the demos can live with.  
Major and Blair warned before the referendum that Northern Ireland would be the hardest part of Brexit to deal with. And their warnings were ignored, downplayed or misreported  
It’s unlikely toBecause the brexit you peddled was unstable and illegitimate; it’s sponsors were lazy and glib and mendacious; it hurts people. Because it’s beyond mandates, beyond law, beyond reasonBecause it stinks of corruptionBecause it’s not the will of the people  
4/~ But by Thursday they need to look like they are doing a deal. A person in German govt told me last week there's going to be a no-deal Brexit and rejected my suggestion that the Tories are bluffing. Why? The Germans are not bluffing... 
Let’s be prepared for millennials & (remaining) migrant workers bearing the brunt of the aggro from the gammon generations when they try to purchase goods or use services that are either much more expensive or no longer available after the Brexit clusterfuck they voted for. 
Germany is planning to allow thousands of German-based British businesses to switch from being British to German firms after Brexit.  
Your periodic reminder The referendum was NOT a decision May made that all on her own as an executive act. Extraordinary. 
Usual abusive Brexit rubbish. They have no argument just insults and bullying.  
The EU aren’t stuck, never have been, they have made their position clear all along and it hasn’t changed substantially.  The UK knows what it has to do to get a deal, which is to abandon May’s red lines, which were never mandated by the referendum anyway.  
Guardian front page, Monday 15 October 2018: Setback for May as Irish border issue derails Brexit deal talks  
EXPRESS: Half of Cabinet in threat to quit over Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
David Davis as Comical Ali #Brexit p  
Ross is a #Brexiteer .  When an expert asks him to think again about his opinion on a crucial , life changing subject Ross gives the Brexiteers standard response by doubling down and lashing out at political opponents.  That is why #Brexit is such a disaster.  And Ross…  
Hahaha! Some of you get worked up and risk dying of cardiac arrests just because I tweeted about your collective ZOMBIFICATION by the despots who switch you on and off like light switches? Fake bridges, lifestyle audits, reparian lands, referendum, football! Wake up, people! 
INDEPENDENT DIGITAL: Davis: Topple May If she sticks to her Brexit plan #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Paddy Power Red C poll: Majority want a United Ireland after Brexit... I think we are realizing what the Backstop is evolving to look like...   
Imagine all the money that Nigel's spiv city mates will lose when Brexit goes up in flames.Absolutely fantastic.  
100% correct.That  neither #Tories nor #Labour -our main parties - know  this / or won't admit to knowing it or don't care is a tragedy that historians will study & ponder  in wonder. Politicos'  first duty -after protecting us -is #DoNoHarm.#Brexit  
Andrea Jenkyns - democracy for the 0.1% who stand to profit from dodging the EU's crackdown on tax avoidance, no-deal disaster-capitalism, a #Brexit tax haven and the privatisation of huge chunks of the NHS. That's ERG Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Referendum to introduce an article in the constitution that nobody has to listen to anything John Waters says about anything, ever. 
The immediate cause of today’s Brexit breakdown was the partition of Ireland in 1920/22, but you could argue it was the rejection of Home Rule in 1886, the Irish famine of the 1840s, the Act of Union of 1800, or the activities of William of Orange, Cromwell & Henry VIII 
Errrr I don’t remember the ‘go down fighting’ part of ‘let’s give £350m a week to brexit’ - so now we’re broke and doing a Titanic. I’d prefer a #PeoplesVote 
#brexit quick takeA technical deal on backstop seems to have been there. But one that it’s clear that ERG and DUP can’t buy. IMO that ‘deal’ is unlikely to change that much. But May couldn’t agree w/o certain revolt.So plays it long. Deal won’t change, but pressure will. 
I am happy to go with a hard Brexit on specific conditions.1 when the lay offs start those who voted leave are first to go2 when hospital shortages cut in those who voted leave are put to the back of every queue.3 when taxes have to rise everyone earning over £70K pays 60% 
Surely the point where even one of the most ardent brexit supporters is claiming it'll cause Britain to "go down" is the point where its time to give the whole thing a bit of a rethink? 
Over on Instagram, it doesn't look like the Defence Secretary is letting the Brexit drama get in the way of his Sunday.  
Our patience is growing thin with the corrupt political class. Leave NOW. #brexit. Please Retweet.  
"Our deadly cabbage of a leader has damned us to a miserable Brexit defeat"Quite some headline. Article @Telegraph by the inimitable @thequentinletts 
Disappointing move by @ClaireHanna . May I remind you that your party along with @sinnfeinireland, the Greens and Alliance went to Brussels a week ago, unified by one common and progressive position re #Brexit. Shameful political expedience at its finest.  
I believe in European unity. I think EU free movement is one of the greatest achievements of international cooperation.I don't think it's a coincidence that the country where Brexit is happening is one where successive governments have failed to nurture foreign language skills. 
I will be posting in morning on today’s Brexit breakdown & what I’ve pieced together on what happened. Short explanation: ‘Ireland is the Achilles heel of Brexit’ 
I’ve been refusing to shave until there’s progress in Brexit talks  
#Macedonia saved its #Sovereignty by #Boycotting the #Referendum.#PrespaAgreement is dead and burried.It was a monsterous #Soros experiment to ERASE a nation with its identity.But what hurted most was that this experiment was sponsored by @USAID and @usembassymkd.#Qanon#USA 
Brexit talks are mired in stalemate. It doesn't look good for this week's summit  -  We could be looking at a different UK Govt by next Sunday via @bpolitics 
A tentative deal on the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement has collapsed following a meeting between the EU negotiator and his U.K. counterpart  
Highlights of my weekend: hugely pro-European @CoopParty conference in Bristol followed by inspirational rally for a people’s vote in Cheltenham; then the Brexit breakdown today which brings us significantly closer to a people’s vote to stop Brexit 
Brexiteer CEO debunks 'Armageddon' fears of no deal Brexit and urges May to get UK ready  
You can make all sorts of (wrong IMO) doomsday predictions for our nation (and don’t we know that they love to do that)... but to say that as a sovereign country we CAN’T Brexit is a whole new level of wrong.  
Unionism across the United Kingdom united in opposition, at all costs, to May's betrayal. We joined together. We voted together. We'll be leaving together. On equal terms. This can go one of two ways, Theresa! #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal 
‘The Brits need more time’-Staggering towards #Brexit cliff-edgeTomorrow’s Guardian  
Donald we need you over in the UK  to sort Brexit out, we need a strong leader who will take no crap from the unelected EU parliament! 
Whereas SDLP presenting SF and DUP as equivalents isn't playing to any gallery? Is opposition to Brexit is strengthened by disunity between those who oppose it? Relatedly, in terms of Stormont, false equivalence between those who support and oppose domination perpetuates it.  
Brexit talks stall before midweek EU summit  
My 10 year old’s homework: “Use the word ‘laughable’ in a sentence. “ My Son, without prompting: “Hmm... Brexit is laughable. Is that right Daddy?” #kidsonbrexit 
The Bad Boys of Brexit are out there winning hearts and minds again. Irish friends, how can you resist?   
I cannot in all honesty apologise for my increasingly political tweets and retweets. I truly think that Brexit is the greatest mistake this country has made in my lifetime, and to not say so would make me complicit in that. 
Jesus wept. Two and a half years on from that referendum the British Government still can't agree on a negotiating position. What a bunch of idiots,what humiliation and embarrassment for the country 
Sadly when I lived in Islington North (until Feb), I was writing to @jeremycorbyn MP about brexit regularly. My first ten emails/letters did not get a response. On the 11th I enclosed all previous 10. I eventually got a reply, but did not address my concerns. Cc @IslingtonIn 
Join me on @JeremyVineOn5 tomorrow morning when I shall be sparring with my old mucker @y_alibhai when the Brexit swear box might be well used. Live from 9.15am  
I’ve been involved in politics for 17 years and I have never encountered as much positive discussion, engagement regarding unity. Irrespective of the outcome of #Brexit; the rubicon has been crossed. The taboo of even contemplating a united Ireland 4 many unionists is gone. 
Hold on to your hats, Brexit Britain. It’s going to be a roller coaster week ahead. And none of this high theatre spells anything good for the vast majority of us. So show up at the #PeoplesVoteMarch next Saturday. Our futures matter. Be counted. 
We've had no put up with 3 years of remoaners telling us it's impossible to trade beef and milk across the Irish border without a 700 high wall OR staying in the EU. Great to hear common sense from Lord Wolfson. The border is easily resolvable#marr #StandUp4Brexit #brexit  
Sunday shows round-up: Theresa May facing cabinet resignations over Brexit deal  
Sinn Fein leadership is due to meet the PM in Downing St tomorrow afternoon. Ahead of the meeting , party leader @MaryLouMcDonald said the toxic deal between the DUP & Tories has deepened the #Brexit crisis and stalled progress in re-establishing the Stormont institutions  
What part of ‘We voted to Leave Customs Union’ don’t you get!People voted to Leave #EUThey want change!They voted to take back controlOur LawsOur MoneyOur BordersOur TradeTime to deliver Conservative 2017 General Election manifesto promise.#Brexit 
Brexit will be the catalyst for the break up of the United Kingdom, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales are all talking about leaving now. What a legacy David Cameron, you must be proud. 
At some point Theresa May will need to say "this is as good as it's going to get" on Brexit and "come out fighting," Ed Balls says  
If Chequers falters, the answer to Brexit is the EEA, not no-deal:  
All this war imagery Brexit is wrapped in; a comfort zone for some people's deluded view of Britishness - and of the war itself. So crass & embarrassing.  
.@timminchin: "I think it's very democratic.. that there's a #PeoplesVote." Note: democratic alone is insufficient; it has to be *very*. Well, the people waited 40 years to revisit the EEC referendum. It is very democratic (and very equitable) that the people wait another 40.  
Has your 5 year old ever considered a role as brexit secretary, seems considerably more astute than any we've had so far. 
And I was in a bomb in 1983 and many of my friends served and were involved in some hideous events - what that has to do with Brexit is desperate stuff Gavin - the Irish  issue being used by remoaners as an excuse  is shameful 
Know this: This London crowd loves Russell Wilson. He could be Prime Minister. Of course he would have to figure out the whole Brexit thing so that could change things. @komonews #SEAHAWKS 
Brexit: May's domestic vulnerability leaves talks on knife-edge  
Quite astonishing to see The secretary of state for Scotland and leader of the Tories in Scotland standing up for Northern Ireland. Perhaps they should be secretary for state for N.I and leader of the DUP, at least then they'd be doing their jobs! #Scotref #Indyref2 #Brexit 
“Who is Brexit anyway? Who is he?” - our 5 year old at dinner. 
The only sensible way out of Brexit is by means of a #PeoplesVote. Government is deadlocked and paralysed."There will be no downside to #Brexit, only a considerable upside" - where is it @DavidDavisMP, the upside?Saturday, 12pm, Hyde Park - let's demand a #PeoplesVote. #C4PV. 
BREAKINGBrexit deal not reached despite 'intense efforts' in Brussels  
We have yet to find even ONE positive effect of Brexit. We cannot let this happen.#StopBrexit 
I have hitherto opposed a second referendum, but if the Government seriously contemplates No Deal, the people must be asked to decide whether that is what they want.  
I have met victims of knee capping. I find it extraordinary that you and a Conservative MP find it a subject of humour or the shallow political banter that appears to pass for “debate” as Brexit collapses around you. Beyond shameful.  
‘It didn’t go well.’ Where have we heard that before on Brexit talks?  
The greatest Brexit fallacy is notion there will be a deal because everyone wants one/that’s how the EU rolls. Brexit is not a bailout which is simply question of finding money; it’s a fundamental rupture of European order whose costs are strategic and may be beyond negotiation. 
How many times do we need to explain this?It was a once in a generation referendumAll parties said there would be no re-runs and the government would implement our decisionPeople who did not vote accepted the will of the majorityThe people have spoken. We are leaving  
We seem to be nearing a Jacko-style, baby over the hotel balcony moment in Brexit. 
If a new referendum were put in the Tory manifesto they’d win by a country mile. Is Corbyn able to get his head around this? The Tories would do it because they’re ruthless about winning. Labour should do it because they’re meant to be a party of principle. And therefore win.  
Number 10 writes off chances of a Brexit deal this week. Not looking good at all.  
Guys, it's time you accept that Brexit has been a total failure from start to finish...  
Stay alert next week: If May gets a Brexit deal agreed, the media will obsess over it more than a royal wedding. The Tories will then probably try to sneak out and bury lots of non Brexit nightmares while they think no one's looking. We'll have to be watchful, the media won't be! 
“So right now the nature of Brexit hinges mainly on what May can get through her Cabinet and parliament”. But that’s been true all down the line. The EU has waited 18 months for UK politicians to produce a clear proposal on a future relationship. Sounds like they wait still.  
We all do our bit no matter how small - it’s been a long 2.5 years and nothing positive has ever come out of brexit and never will - post brexit the negative consequences will be felt for generations . 
Regardless of the outcome of brexit I know I can look my son in the eyes when he asks me “ dad did you vote to leave “ - I wonder how those that did vote to leave could look their own children in the eyes and know what they did was wrong ( unless your Jacob rees mogg ) 
What the hell is this true? German press reporting Brexit deal already agreed with whole UK staying in customs union & NI cleaved off into single market. #Brexit 
 Any final UK-EU withdrawal agreement will need to win the approval of the European Parliament according to Article 50. If it doesn't, there will be no deal.Watch our video to find out more about the European Parliament's key role in the #Brexit negotiations. #Article50 
If G Dawg was part of the Brexit negotiations, we’d be sorted by now.  
The best thing about Brexit is that it shows the people of the UK now appreciate the EU and want to remain in it! Who would have thought such a spectacular own-goal by the Brexiters was possible? 
I live in America but I feel like offering my two cents on Brexit. 
You have got to ask, where is the democracy , when this politician has more say on the #Brexit outcome than all of Scotland’s Politicians put togetherThere is something wrong when blackmail is allowed to win!  
Northern Ireland still central to Brexit crisis = break up of UK.  
Yes but EU should be very careful wading into NI constitutional politics as it has 0 experience. But what ever is decided the “Troubles” won’t be reignited by a Brexit deal. There are far greater factors that drive that issue than single market/Customs Union/ HardBrexit/ etc 
Latest @guardian cartoon...#backstop #DUP #Brexit #gaycake 
We're incredibly lucky to have a journalist of the calibre of @tconnellyRTE as our point man on Brexit. 
#AwfullyBritishHelpLines:Brexit Helpdesk: "Have you tried turning Britain off and on again?"  
Irish border problem defeats weekend flurry of Brexit diplomacy  
Brexit latest:- Weekend of intense talks- Negotiators didn't break deadlock- "Some key issues" unresolved- EU meeting on Monday is off- Summit due from Wednesday 
IMPORTANT SURVEY. DOMESTIC PETS AND BREXIT:Goldfish: Leave.Hamsters: Soft Brexit.Dogs: Remain. Wait, are you going out? Leave! No, remain! Don’t know! Tummy rub!Goldfish: Leave.Rabbits: People’s vote.Goldfish: Leave.Cats: Don’t give a shit.Goldfish: Leave. 
Brexit update  
Have you been mis sold a referendum?#AwfullyBritishHelpLines 
Another false dawn for negotiations in Brussels.Our future is not a pawn - as #Brexit unravels, we NEED to make our voice heard.Fight back - #Rally4Remain this Saturday 3pm at Belfast City Hall. 
“The Tories are using Brexit to have out their own internal battles and advance their individual ambitions. They are using our radical demand for more democracy as a plaything”@Tom_Slater_ on Sky 
With no substantial progress between Raab and the EU today, @Peston takes a look at how the risk of Brexit talks flopping has risen  
Since Gary Lineker started campaigning against Brexit, Kettle chips seem to be tasting so much better then boring old Walkers. Retweet if you agree?@walkers_crisps 
So Mundell & Davidson, who both support Brexit, wd object to effectively any Irish backstop (except praps ironically the SNP's all UK soft Brexit) & risk peace in NI in case it gives precedent for differentiation for Scotland or increases indy support  
So no Brexit deal now until December or even January. Outcome now hinges on how UK parliament reacts when dangling over cliff-edge.  
If the reported Brexit deal goes through, Theresa May will have achieved something exceptional. She will be even more vilified than Ted Heath. 
Well that seems a little childish but given that the British Medical Association, the Royal College of Midwives and the Royal College of Nurses are all saying Brexit will significantly harm the function of an NHS whose job it is to save lives...You're going to regret this tweet. 
#Brexit talks breaking down because:- If the Govt wants the whole UK to stay in #CustomsUnion until an alternative solution is found to the Irish border problem, then it can’t end until such an alternative is agreed by BOTH sides- that  makes it unacceptable to Tory #Brexiters 
Two ways to look at Brexit negotiations right now:1. Dramatic unannounced trips to Brussels, cancelling of talks etc is all optics to make it seem a deal was hard won. Brinkmanship, but ultimately a deal is done.2. EU/UK positions are actually irreconcilable and no deal awaits. 
Remoaners should just collectively move to a position of 'Brexit is going to kill every single person in Britain' - it's what I think most of them now actually believe.  
To be honest, I don’t care if Leavers ‘lose faith in democracy’.It’s perfectly obvious, with their support of a criminally procured referendum result, that they never believed in it in the first place.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
“The demand for a #PeoplesVote as the way to end the mess the Brexit politicians have created will grow ever louder which is why we will see the biggest ever Brexit march next Saturday as people from all over the country demand a democratic final say./7  
Seriously suggesting DD capable of negotiating Brexit? Good luck with that...  
The more the British people see about this Brexit deal, the angrier they will get. In a way, whether people voted leave or remain doesn’t matter any more, because we are all being short changed by this travesty. /6 
EU source close to #Brexit tells me things ‘are back to square one’ on the Irish border issue. Negotiations went on through weekend, good progress at technical (not political) level. Things got tricky when Mr Raab arrived. Political posturing on both sides at play for sure. 
Arlene Foster's #Brexit #backstop threat by @BJennings90 
The DUP got 28 out of the 90 seats available in the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2017. They have 10 out of the 650 MPs that sit in Westminster. Yet here they are with an unparalleled amount of influence over the Brexit negotiations. 
DUP leader Arlene Foster to meet Leo Varadkar tomorrow. She still has not been shown the text of Irish backstop by Theresa May despite demands and threats to vote against Brexit deal if it crosses her blood red lines 
Understand there will now be no talks at all between UK and EU negotiators - neither at political nor technical level - before next week’s Brexit summit. Theresa May is still expected to deliver a make-or-break address to leaders ahead of the dinner on Wednesday night. 
Brexit talks are mired in stalemate. It doesn't look good for this week's summit  
Ben Jennings on Arlene Foster's Brexit threat – political cartoon gallery in London  
Reports state that Brexit divorce agreement collapses after Raab and Barnier met todayIs this - 1) Well-choreographed theatre? 2) EU hoping for even more UK concessions? 3) EU realising that any deal might be blocked by Cabinet or the DUP? 
Brexit has become a national embarrassment, inadvertently launched by an inadequate Tory PM (Cameron) and prosecuted by an even less adept one. Britain has had enough of being held to ransom by zealots high on ideology and low on reason. Time to let the people decide 
Just had a bet on DD  to be next Tory PMIf there is a no confidence vote and a leadership race is calledIt is my belief that Davis would be the opponent that the Appeaser would face.I think Davis could win and take over the running of the country until after Brexit.25/1 
.@MichelBarnier I know the EU now also loves to pretend otherwise, but the facts are undeniable: #citizensrights too are not sorted. Ringfence agreements now to protect agreements made. Don’t sacrifice the lives of 5 million people for the populist right-wing coup called Brexit.  
Join us for the #PeoplesVoteMarch next Saturday to demand a final say on Brexit - we will be marching alongside @Women_4_Europe @womensmarchlon - all welcome! 
... and be consistent with how she interprets the referendum result. It will be a stressful few days for her and whole nation. 
...actually wants (NB EU has rejected her FCA two-tariff plan). So right now the nature of Brexit hinges mainly on what May can get through her Cabinet and parliament. Her fear is there would be no deal available that would command consensus or majority among ministers and MPs... 
@Keir_Starmer - you are a former DPP and current Brexit spokesman - why is it a Tory MP leading on this?  
Banks: government infighting has left the UK sleepwalking towards no-deal Brexit that will severely disrupt financial services.  
Chances of Brexit being cancelled is rising. PM faces a near-impossible Trinity: she has to win over Brextremists, Tory pro-EU’s and DUP. She will need a miracle to win over all three at once.Chances of  #finalsay and remaining are improving. 
Advice to Mr Varadkar: far far better to have a breakdown in the Brexit talks now, with the likelihood that this will lead to a people’s vote in the UK & end Brexit, than to sell Ireland - north & south - down the river. Mrs May will not even be PM within months, maybe weeks 
As ever the commentary around Brexit is all about the balance of opinion in the effing Tory party, not about the detail of negotiation with the rest of the EU let alone the needs of the country - a @peoplesvote_uk is the only way out of this mess 
Even without a deal, there are long-term gains from Brexit  
There was never going to be a deal on Brexit this week on A50. This has to go to the wire for the PM to sell it to Parliament and the nation. #patience 
The extent to which the Irish border is shaping the UK's Brexit deal is in inverse proportion to the amount it was discussed during the referendum campaign. 
#skynews (but not #bbcnews) saying Dominic Raab will make a Commons statement tomorrow and say that the deal has collapsed. #Brexit 
I understand that member states have been told tonight that no further [Brexit] negotiations are planned ahead of this coming week’s European Council.  
With rumours that a Brexit deal with the EU27 is imminent, don’t be fooled - that is not, never was, and never will be the hard bit. We’re still nowhere. 
As the domestic UK political debate on Brexit grapples with the 'backstop' issue, it is worth recalling key statements adopted during the negotiations to date.These may be ignored in the domestic debate, but are essential reference points for the EU and its negotiators. 1/ 
Lord Wolfson, CEO of Next, points out that a no deal Brexit should cause few problems. He asks: ‘We pay VAT through monthly self-assessment and Government trusts business to collect £125 billion in this way. Surely we can collect £3.5 billion of customs revenue in the same way?’ 
Brexit on Theresa May's terms would be the worst of all worlds says @DanielJHannan 
A pattern is emerging in the Brexit negotiations...the professional negotiators get close to a Brexit deal, and then along come the ego fuelled politicians (with zero expertise in negotiation skills) and mess it all up.   
What we know: Brexit divorce agreement collapsed after Raab/Barnier meeting.  
Prophetic words from #Madiba There is no place in any democracy for a minority to deny the rights of other citizens!#DUP#Brexit  
#brexit is totally bonkers  
Brexit: Barnier confirms deal not yet reached, saying 'key issues' unresolved despite 'intense efforts' - Politics live  
FAO all the folk accusing the SNP of exploiting #Brexit to get #Indyref2PLEASE NOTE: the SNP were elected with THIS in their manifesto  
Breaking: Dominic Raab has flown home clutching a piece of paper.But it's only his flight ticket.As you were.#bbcnews #Brexit 
The uncomfortable truth Anna is if Brexit is not delivered and we remain in the EU what do you think happens next.Do you expect the 17.4m who you have denied their Democratic rights to just accept this betrayal.Do you and others expect to retain your seats at the next GE.  
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says "despite intense efforts, some key issues are still open" including measures to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland following talks with Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab in Brussels 
Tomorrow we will take YOUR VOICES to #BRUSSELS EU heads of state & gov't will meet to discuss Brexit, with the border issue high on the agenda this week in Brussels. Join us to #MakeThemListen by registering here  
The majority do not want Brexit. Please never forget the millions who want to Remain. Don’t abandon us. 
New Brexit negotiation strategy revealed.Stage 1 - find minotaur (o.n.o.)  
Isn't it odd that two Scots would threaten to resign over the outcome of the brexit deal *for another country*, but not their own? 
Stephen, since he won the leadership in 2015, Corbyn has taken positions on a huge range of issues! Austerity RenationalisationPovertyTaxSaudi/YemenHuman RightsNHSEducationJusticeTrumpBrexit (he is against it)And much more!He has moved Overton Window leftwards...  
We met today @DominicRaab and UK negotiating team. Despite intense efforts, some key issues are still open, including the backstop for IE/NI to avoid a hard border. I will debrief the EU27 and @Europarl_EN on the #Brexit negotiations. 
Vital clarification after evening in which it was first said that a Brexit deal has been done & then said that there hadn’t.  
What a ridiculous pair - determined to put party before country all the time & do everything they can to stop Scotland protecting itself against the hardest Tory #Brexit - Davidson and Mundell 'could resign over Brexit deal' - BBC News  
Brussels has had enough.  They just want Britain out, and they don't much care how. We're heading for a blind Brexit, with no trade deal, a broken backstop and significant hardship. And non of our political parties seem to be able to stop it. Column  
Brexit further unravelling  
"it is not possible to have a hard Brexit – in which the UK & EU move further apart – without Northern Ireland suffering collateral damage."@QUBPolicy@QUBSSESW@QUBMitchell@BIG_UVic@UKandEU@lsebrexitvote@europe_icban@CCBSCrossBorder@CRbuildpeace 
If the DUP don’t speak for you on #Brexit, come out on Saturday & make your voice heard #RallyForRemain  
The Brexit process has been quite positive in some ways: it has allowed us to identify the true malevolence of the right - and shown the appalling lengths to which they are prepared to go. I guess we should do something positive with that information now. 
Monday Brexit Meeting Reportedly Cancelled As EU Plans Emergency 'No Deal' Summit  
The Brexit negotiations are remarkable for the fact that it's basically a country driving a hard bargain over whether it's economy & political standing will be obliterated or merely permanently crippled, and the other side is just blinking at them going "why are you doing this?"  
We’re with you 100% Gary. Just persuade the @peoplesvote_uk organisers to shout out loudly that we need a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain   - anything else is just pants !  @GaryLineker  - Lineker backs Brexit referendum campaign  
Good advice re how to pressure MPs. Yes letters and emails help but they get so many. Find them. See them. Tell them - no @peoplesvote_uk on Brexit -= no Vote for them at election  
"There's no bad news, just a lack of good news," says one of the smartest diplomats I know working on #Brexit. I think that sums up this evening perfectly. 
The Brexit “Empire 2.0” project is being obstructed by the legacy of Empire 1.0: the Irish border. 
No deal Brexit: Lord Wolfson debunks 'catastrophe' fears of crashing out of EU | UK | News |  
Brexit divorce agreement collapses. Good. Now tell them we are going to WTO rules and keep our £39bn.   
The ERG's Andrea Jenkyns is a wimp who is blocking her critics including @Anna_Soubry and one of her constituents, while telling the rest of us to serve as no-deal cannon fodder so a tiny elite can profit from disaster-capitalism and a #Brexit tax haven.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Brexit divorce agreement collapses after Raab and Barnier meet.Barnier to update EU ambassadors on UK position on outstanding issues.  
WATCH | German MEP @HansOlafHenkel on why the EU needs a Brexit deal: "Nobody ever talks about the negative impact on Europe... Britain is already the single largest customer of the EU... we should offer Britain the very best deal possible!"Support us at  
A tentative deal on the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement reached at A technical level in Brussels Sunday collapsed following a meeting between EU negotiator Michel Barnier and his U.K. counterpart Dominic Raab. 
Not so much white smoke on brexit as a great deal of fog. Keep the heid folks. 
EU SHERPAS' BREXIT MEETING ON MONDAY SAID TO BE CANCELLEDNobody climbing Mont Blanc? 
.@scottishlabour @LabourRichard cannot be "For the many and not the few" if they support #Brexit against the wishes of Scotland where the many voted Remain. They should be ashamed for not standing up for Scotland. Labour in Scotland continue to ignore the people they serve. 
Who is Olly Robbins, the civil servant on whose shoulders Brexit deal rests?  
So the merry-go-round of Brexit pointlessness continues... The EU agrees on something, the UK rubbishes it then storms off in high dudgeon (after making sure the tabloids are watching). Meanwhile, our standing on the world stage is sub-basement level, and dropping... 
The joke being that the UK is still lost in the Brexit maze.  
Brexit panic has started on the Continent. Now we must drive a hard bargain, writes @DavidDavisMP 
EU ambassadors told no deal yet on Brexit divorce terms: two sources  
Northern Ireland is being very poorly served by the DUP and Sinn Fein. The former belligerently turning Brexit into a flag waving exercise, whilst the latter are choosing to spend their time climbing lamp posts, littering the city with their placard politics. Super. 
Soubry revives the Brezhnev doctrine. Eastern Europe was more integrated into the Soviet system than the UK in the EU. They left & are now better off. Brexit is deliverable but difficult. So you should have urged Ministers to start preparations 2 years ago. You did the opposite.  
A new post-Brexit industry emerges: the government is to produce it’s own ready-made metaphors.  
Thanks for thinking of me, but I’m not tweeting less. In fact I’m not doing less of anything to stop Brexit. I now even read the Guardian every day to learn how to appeal to the working class & the young  
UK economy heading for worst year since crash, say economistsContinuing #Brexit uncertainties plus trade wars, inflation 
You get a sense that the end game of their Brexit is now about to properly begin. Threatened resignations, ultimatums, increased desperation and pleading with time running out. It will be brutal, ugly, but grotesquely fascinating. There will be no winners. #theirBrexit 
Brexit means Brexit  
#Brexit rollercoaster latest: @MichelBarnier now debriefing EU27 ambassadors on how talks w @DominicRaab went. They didn’t go well, per EU diplomats: No final withdrawal deal reached. Sherpa meeting planned for Monday cancelled, as things stand. 
Liberal Democrats are marching against Brexit next week. Join us >  
Congratulations to Erwin Schrödinger on the magnificent work he’s put into the Brexit negotiations. 
Understand EU ambassadors have been told there’s no Brexit deal yet. Northern Ireland not resolved 
EU Leaders Planning Emergency 'No Deal' Summit As UK Conservatives Scuttle Draft Brexit Plan  
If Brexit cannot be delivered then it seems to me leave cannot even be an option in the "people's vote" scenario. What are people voting on then, remain or remain? In which case why are people voting at all?  
MPs want a "full and frank assessment" of Brexit consequences from the Bank of England before they vote on any deal  
Brexit: EU ambassadors meet for update as sources dismiss claims deal agreed tonight - Politics live  
Challenged a few of my fellow foreign ministers to navigate the Chevening maze in the rain...by comparison to which Brexit discussions seem more straightforward  
#Brexit agreement close, but not there yet: #EU diplomat 
The problem with "It'll be fine in a decade" schools of no-deal Brexit, popular in Tory Party circles, is the electorate may wish to give their verdict slightly sooner  
Palace owner says English football should embrace Brexit  
My @guardian column: Theresa May’s reward for a Brexit deal? Political annihilation   
Brexit is madder than anything you previously thought was the maddest thing you'd ever heard of, isn't it? 
Exclusive: Tory MPs should trigger leadership contest unless May drops Brexit plan this week, says David Davis  
000's jobs are Brexit related in NW England alone - You laughing at all these families facing unnecessary challenges and in some cases losing their livelihoods is simply despicable. Especially so as many were fooled by UKIP promises of All Gain No Pain Brexit. 
Here comes Theresa May and Dominic Raab’s Brexit betrayal.Join UKIP now: 
It's now less than a week until the #PeoplesVote march with thousands of people all over the country demanding a vote on the final Brexit deal. Find out more and sign up here:  
No deal yet after flurry of Brexit diplomacy in Brussels: officials  
Brexit is totally Bonkers  and NOT in the National Interest.Brexit is totally Bonkers  and NOT in the National Interest.Brexit is totally Bonkers  and NOT in the National Interest.Can't say it enough...  
Just remember there WILL be a movie made about #Brexit. Make sure you’re not one of the baddies. #justsaying #itsnotadonedeal #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Brexit latest:We either have a deal, or don’t have a deal.There may be news today, or there may not be.Anyway, it’s going to be a fun market opening for FX traders. 
#Brexit talks tonight in Brussels. Raab meets Barnier. Northern Ireland backstop remains the key sticking point, #C4News understands. We are on at 1830 with the latest. And remainer who now opposes customs union and EFTA options @GregHands joins us live 
For as controversial as Kobach has been as KS SOS, we should focus more on the race to succeed him. So I wrote a column on it. The major candidates offer clear contrasts for the SOS office, but this race is chiefly a referendum on Kobach’s legacy as SOS.  
Correct Anna. Brexit can't be delivered by EU cucks who can't get through the morning without a gallon of gin.  
If Joon could step in and negotiate Brexit for us that'd be just grand, thanks. 
So I'm not the only one reminded of those days. Every time I think we've reached peak Brexit there's an even more delusional statement coming out.Comical Ali declared impending victory with US tanks rolling in the background. I believe David Davis to be capable of topping that. 
BREAKING:#brexit deal.Ireland to spend alternative weekends with EU and UK, but EU will have have custody. 
Brexit deal not likely on Sunday: EU sources  
Ruth Davidson and David Mundell accused of ‘dereliction of duty’ after Brexit resignation threatFull story:  @theipaper 
To be further clear, withdrawing the Article 50 notice doesn’t require an Act of Parliament. But it would only follow a vote by Parliament and/or a referendum, so it wouldn’t be a unilateral executive action  
BREAKING: Brexit deal has NOT been done according to sources at DEXEU. 
Negotiators in Brussels have reached a deal on a Withdrawal Agreement that would secure the U.K.’s safe exit from the EU with a transition period to prevent economic shocks, according to three EU diplomats. More for POLITICO #Brexit Pros here  
I’ve spoken to quite a few constituents this weekend. Overriding messages:1) support the PM- it’s a bloody awful job at the best of times;2) bored with Brexit;3) get on and govern the country on the domestic issues that matter;4) Corbyn isn’t liked or trusted 
Politics says a Brexit deal has been reached at the negotiator level; the FT says it hasn’t.We’ve finally achieved Schrödinger’s Brexit. 
Just getting this in early in case the rumours are true ... #Brexit#Chequers#BINO#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll#FinalBrexitDeal#Raab#BrexitCanBeBeaten#PeoplesVoteMarch 
The government refuses to investigate Russian interference in our politics, and fanatically pursues a #Brexit which would hand Putin a huge strategic victory in his hybrid war against the EU & democracy. Why should we not cry "Treason!"#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Britain's Labour will not vote for 'blind Brexit'  
Theresa May: FoM will finish after March 2019.NO, IT DOESN'T! FoM will continue in 27 other countries. EU citizens will enjoy FoM for a long time.TM is removing ALL FoM from British citz and only 1/28 of it from EU citz.Perfectly shows the petty anglocentric nature of Brexit. 
Theresa May’s reward for a Brexit deal? Political annihilation | Matthew d’Ancona  
BREAKING: UK and EU negotiators reach final #Brexit deal 
Boris Johnson writes May's plan would be most humiliating event in UK history since Suez. This is what happens when the whole Government apparatus does not believe in Brexit or delivering it. We are handing over £39bn for NOTHING. 
An international negotiation requires a majority in Parliament. Typically this requires cross-party working to overcome extremists (on both sides). It is time the Brexit negotiation was driven by a general consensus rather than a small but determined minority.  
The UK is bigger than anything the #EU can throw at us.  Viva #Brexit 
Old enough to remember that you Brexiteers never put on a bus that you didn’t have a viable plan to deliver Brexit. Hyprocrisy, bombast, and hysteria don’t hide you’re a bunch of liars.  
I think Dominic Raab has rushed to Brussels today because they phoned to say that on his last visit he left behind his Hungry Caterpillar lunch box and his copy of Negotiating For Dummies. #Brexit 
BREAKING:£20m blackhole in restaurant chain alleged- @metpoliceuk arrest 1 person + open criminal investigation in 48 hrsEC finds criminality in 3 Leave campaignsFraudulent #brexit referendum costing us £500m/day- MetPolice sit on file for 3 months 
*NEGOTIATORS REACH BREXIT DIVORCE DEAL: :POLITICO*U.K. OFFICIAL SAYS NO BREXIT DEAL HAS BEEN REACHEDbuy and sell the pound 
Remember the bad old days when women used to get sacked for getting pregnant? Brexit threatens to take us back half a century to a time when women faced horrendous inequality and lacked basic employment rights.If this worries you - march with us next Sat #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Since the end of the month, I've been less active on here as I take stock and find other things to occupy my time. I have considered whether I should re-intensify my Twittering and possibly start blogging on Brexit but I'm not sure. I'm still in a bit of a limbo with regards work 
The #Brexit Secretary's convoy has left @EU_Commission after around an hour and fifteen minutes. I'm hearing it was proper negotiations and NOT a trip to seal the deal. Lets see (x 1,000)! 
A hard Brexit means a hard border – whatever Owen Paterson says / @hayward_katy debunks nonsense 
You Labour-lovers never learn! The leftie elite have stitched you up again and Labour will harm the UK just as much as the tories because they fundamentally want Brexit just as much  
Politico understands a Brexit divorce deal has been reached *at negotiator level* (per three sources). Does not mean political agreement has been reached  
BREAKING: Negotiators in Brussels have reportedly reached a deal on a #brexit Withdrawal Agreement to secure the UK's safe exit from the EU  #Brexit 
Brexit is now in the pub car park, flailing around like a broken Jack-in-a-box, drunkenly promising to fight anyone who thinks he's hard enough. 
German press reporting Brexit deal already agreed with whole UK staying in customs union & NI cleaved off into single market. May is seriously misjudging strength of DUP/Brexiteer opposition if this is really the deal she is going to try to force through  
David Davis factfile:Grew up on a Council EstateHarvard Business SchoolSAS (S21 TA) British Army Infantryman17 years in real businessBelieves in real BrexitOrTheresa May?Tough question. I know who the EU would rather us have....  
Well it's time to get the popcorn in. The Brexit shit is about to hit the fan this evening. 
As the Brexit secretary sits down for a surprise meeting in Brussels with the EU's chief negotiator - it's reported the ambassadors for the 27 remaining states have been called to meet tonight. 
'Brexit's just a part of the war for control of the world.'That makes it even more important that we Brexiteers win. Theresa May is fighting on behalf of the evil forces of Globalism against her own people. We have to fight her tooth and nail.  
Every single #Brexit supporting @Conservatives MP should tonight be submitting their letters of no confidence in May to the 1922 committee.Instead they will all be out tomorrow insisting she just needs to chuck #Chequers.Useless traitors. #MayMustGo #BrexitBetrayal 
Join the march in London next Saturday to demand a fresh referendum on Brexit #FinalSay @peoplesvote_uk 
Dear Ms Jenkyns, I don't believe anyone voted for a 'go down fighting' #Brexit. Are you really, seriously a Member of Parliament? Did you actually swear to serve this country or to 'go down fighting'? 
Will pundits stop talking about the "will of the people" until the claims that Leave won the Referendum illegally are investigated.  
Interesting reading for anyone who wants to understand the scale of the trade between Ireland and UK, in both directions, in context of #BREXIT. UK continues to have significant trade surplus with Ireland.   
It beggars belief that this is even being contemplated. How can the primary Brexit act of a sovereign parliament – which was charged by the people to 'Take Back Control' – be to surrender sovereignty to a foreign power to an extent which previous generations would call treason?  
Looking forward to doing @GMB with @johnredwood tomorrow then joining @PimlicoPlumbers to help Charlie unveil his new anti-Brexit hoarding at PP HQ. Lambeth Council asked him to take down ‘bollocks to Brexit.’ The replacement will be splendid 
I wrote this before the referendum.  The leaders of the Leave campaign  dismissed warnings such as this by exaggerating our negotiating leverage. They still do. They now face the consequences of either an unholy mess or an ignominious retreat.  
If ever there were an accurate slogan for Brexit, it would be: “Let’s go down fighting”.  
Before the referendum you said there was ‘no question’ of us leaving the single market so you are clearly all over the place  
Ruth Davidson has gone from telling us how big a disaster Brexit would be for Scotland and UK to black mailing her party to give Scotland the worst of all deals dragging us into the abyss of a Tory hard Brexit recessionHow dare she! 
I think somebody needs to tell Corbaws that Scotland didn't vote for Brexit or the Labour Party. We voted Remain and backed the SNP. 
Poultry is worth 3 times as much to UK economy as fishing but you won't see Farage near a barn any time soon. Chicken slaughter lacks the romance of salty seaman pitched against herring and is run on EU labour.Me on narratives, chlorine and Brexit.  
this will be remembered as a seminal Brexit quote  
Remember when you first heard how the Nazis came to power in the 1930s and like all of us you said "How on earth did the German people allow that to happen"? Well everyone, including MPs supporting Brexit,are allowing the exact same thing to happen-but it will be worse this time 
Disappointing how much combative rhetoric has been used throughout the Brexit process. Calling the EU the enemy, talking about battling through and refusing to wave the white flag means we forget that European nations are our closest allies and trade partners. This isn't war! 
Wise words from @DrPhillipLeeMP. The lack of willingness to compromise around any single vision for #Brexit from all sides leads us into a stalemate and a new public vote is the only way out. Let's use that chance to make sure it's not beset with the same problems of the last one  
Remainers are such a bunch of sorry whingers they have become a national disgrace.  You had the chance, you failed, now wind in your necks and get on with  grabbing the opportunity that #Brexit offers. 
David Davies has talked more about brexit now than he ever did when using his crack negotiating skills with Europe Someone needs attention Typical Tory The cannibal party 
Farage is asked how he'd deliver Brexit. He doesn't have an answer so he starts rubbishing May in hope of applause.Then this happens.  
A hard Brexit means a hard border – whatever Owen Paterson says.My response to @OwenPaterson in @guardianopinion@BorderIrish 
BREAKING: Footage has emerged of @metpoliceuk police officers attacking #DFLA protesters moments after they were attacked by Antifa thugs. @ukhomeoffice should investigate imediately! #Conservatives #UKIP #ForBritain #BritainFirst #Brexit #IAmSoldierX #TommyRobinson 
"Barnier has rushed to London this afternoon for urgent Brexit talks with Raab..."Nah, kidding.  Raab has rushed off to Brussels.Distinctive #Brexit research & news daily:  
Tories are now so split on Brexit that they are blocking their own colleagues on Twitter. No wonder they don’t want a General Election!  
Thanks to the FFL Skippers who attended and spoke at the Brexit Rally yesterday! There was a fantastic turnout thank you to all who attended!  
Reuters: Diplomatic Sources say the EU Ambassadors of the remaining 27 member states have been summoned to a Brexit meeting in Brussels at 5.30pm 
This gigantic idiot of a woman a] perpetuates the boneheaded war/conflict/victory/surrender narrative that is driving all sense from the Brexit debate, and b] literally cannot use the English language properly. #PeoplesVote 
This court case could hand Theresa May the power to stop Brexit - Business Insider  
Must be upsetting. You spend your whole life scheming for Brexit, telling lies for it and ruining your own credibility. You'd do anything for it. Then when it comes along it's not the one you wanted.Welcome to the #PeoplesVote campaign Daniel 
No Anna, the real truth is that you’ve been anti Brexit from the start. Even though you were happy to stand on a manifesto that called for the thing you hate. You are a fraud and you deliberately mislead your constituents. If we can’t leave the EU, how can it be a democracy?  
Green Party Leader @sianberry: "We need a #PeoplesVote."Sarah Vine: "We had one. It was the referendum. We voted leave."Boom! #marr #brexit  
Caroline Flint asks why Labour wouldn’t support a reasonable Brexit deal. Perhaps because the deal is being mis-sold as reasonable and is in fact unreasonable 
Cork Harbour, beautiful today - great to clear the head before heading for Luxembourg/Brussels. Important week to come for #Brexit negotiations. We will only support a fair outcome, consistent with commitments already made by UK+EU to Ireland.  
What's the difference between a pizza and Brexit?A: You can order a pizza and it will be delivered. 
The Tories have lost their attempts to police university lecturers. In case you were unaware the govt tried to control what was being taught in university. Pure fascism. University wins case after Conservative MP demands details of Brexit lecturers  
My latest blog. Another neglected #brexit problem - the consequences for #Children : 
Brexit. It’s time for an end to illusions. May must choose between the backstop and her country. | Conservative Home  
No-deal Brexit far from economic Armageddon, says Simon Wolfson, CEO of NEXT PLC....     
My town has been brought to its knees by steel closures and austerity, and my dad's foodbank now serves 1,700 kids yearly. I know who the middle-class elite are.I work for FFS because Brexit will devastate the North East, and so many young people have been let down. 2/3 
Labour Shadow Foreign Secretary @EmilyThornberry out smarts, out maneuvers & out performs Tory apologist  #marr pic.twitter.com/yjTcL0yVf7 - #BrexitShambles #brexit #ToriesOUT #JC4PM 
MAJOR BREAKING: The Spanish prosecutor's office will request 25 to 30 years of imprisonment for the former vice-president of the Catalan government and 15-25 years for the rest of the ministers that carried out last year's independence referendum. 
Conservative Mps are now blocking each other And here’s me thinking it was just Remain who had followed Leave’s example in completely losing the plot this weekend.The world has truly gone completely Mad.#Brexit 
DUP leader sees no-deal Brexit as 'likeliest outcome' 
Brexit is about damage control. There is no doubt that the UK is going to be in a worse off position. This is the playing out of the inevitable. #Newsnight 
Tories want EU to bend its rules,Ireland to break its rules. Scotland now to hand over its rules.welcome to Brexit Island.A fortress of English exceptionalismBrexit was a vote to take back what we never lost, in order to lose everything we currently have. 
Various Labour MPs like Caroline Flint are loudly displaying their loyalty to #Brexit. A question for those who understand Labour party politics. Are they acting on their own accord or are they acting as proxies for Corbyn? #PeoplesVote 
Dear @peoplesvote_ukPlease continue this as much as possibleThere’s NOTHING that we Brits like more than being preached at by supercilious, sneering, sanctimonious, condescending, millionaire ‘comedians & celebrities’ like this lotIdiots#Brexit 
Inclined to believe this: sounds plausible.Almost every Brexit surrender to the #EU made by May so far has been pre-agreed secretly in advance before bouncing Cabinet into it, so why wouldn't the same be true now?#MayMustGoNow #ChuckChequers #ChuckMay 
Brexit in emojis2016:2017:  2018: 2019:  
Final Say: Army of 10,000 young people to lead major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum  
Why an advanced Canada style free trade agreement would be the right way forward for the UK, uniting the party and honouring the referendum mandate - great article by @annietrev in the @Telegraph 
Brexit is a negotiation of our making. The EU are renowned as tough negotiators (once on our behalf). It is not a ‘fight’ Most sane Britons have no intention of following you ‘down’ anywhere. With your allergy to pragma, I would ‘surrender’ if I were you and go see a shrink.  
It’s Sunday.And one of the biggest dangers we face is Brexit fatigue.Many think we should just get it over and done with and life will return to normal. It won’t. If Brexiters manage to drag it over the line, political life will be poisoned for decades. Better to remain. 
Our party has created this #brexit madness @RuthDavidsonMSP you have u turned so many times you've lost the trust of many of our voter. WATCH: Huw Parkinson's take on Brexit#Insiders #auspol @rabbitandcoffee 
Brexit, the most expensive waste of time in British history, is DEAD!The farce that is Brexit is just...undeliverable.But Brexit has exposed British politics for what it is...dysfunctional, incompetent, divisive and fundamentally corruptBritain needs to reform its politics.  
If anyone has any hesitation about joining the #PeoplesVoteMarch next Saturday - don’t!I spent a lifetime NOT going on marches, but Brexit has changed that. I’ve been on every London march and, without exception, they have been joyous, fun events without any hint of trouble  
Top linguist: ‘I’m leaving the UK because of the disaster of Brexit’  
If #Marr didn't make you feel uneasy about this country's future if Brexit happens... this definitely will....  
The grim reality is that for every 10 excellent pieces of campaigning young working class kids do, they will always get drowned out by celebs - because that’s what the media pick up. The same media who then complain about over saturation of posh people in Brexit debate. 
DUP leaflet ahead of the 1975 referendum.....  
It comes after David Davis issued a dramatic call to cabinet ministers to stage a mutiny against Theresa May to kill her Brexit plan  
This really is interesting. Intellectual (though inveterately clueless) godfather of Brexit Dan Hannan would now back a people’s vote over May’s deal.You heard the man, Theresa - give him what he wants!  
Parliament would not accept ‘no deal’, @CarolineFlintMP, and you know it. A majority of MPs know that would be disastrous. Brexit belongs entirely to the @CONservatives. If @Theresa_May’s deal doesn’t satisfy @UKLabour’s ‘six tests’ then you should not vote for it. 
People are angry, very angry. #Brexit has been bought by lies, hate, gerrymandering, cheating and electoral crime. The vote was won by tax-dodging press barons & Arron Banks' dodgy millions. And you support it. 
After Number 10 denied reports that Raab was already being lined up to trumpet a done UK-EU deal with Barnier, the Brexit Secretary is now rushing off to Brussels...  
Davidson and Mundell need to be taken to task over this 'resign' threat. Why not seek *the same* differentiated deal for Scotland as that of NI instead of demanding no part of the UK be allowed to partially save itself from Brexit? They are *demanding* we and NI suffer. Patriots? 
The heat is on. Brexit Minister Dominic Raab has rushed to Brussels for meeting with Michel Barnier. 
#brexit poll #marr #bbcsp #Ridge **pls vote and retweet**What’s your preferred outcome in Brexit negotiation ? 
You can understand why people voted for Brexit: The easiest deal in history which will give us all the benefits of membership and more. Billions more for the NHS. Other countries will fall over themselves to give us great trade deals. etc We know better now... 
Only Brexiteer prophets can change their mind. Us lesser mortals have to roll behind unquestioningly the great Brexit sunlit uplands deceit. Some brave souls will defy these false messengers to fight on and spread the truth. #PeoplesVote #C4PV 
This wanker once claimed paying #livingwage would prevent #Next from opening new shops, but how the fuck can people afford to buy anything if they don’t money. He may we’ll benefit from a no deal #Brexit so he don’t give a shit about his workers.  
In 2016 Brexit could be all things to all (52%) people. They voted for completely different outcomes. We're starting to realise that there can only be one Brexit.David Davis saying cabinet members should reject Theresa May's deal is just part of that. #Marr 
Reading Sundays, too many overlook the blatent reality that there may possibly be a Commons majority for a sensible EU deal but there will never be a majority for a Canada/hard Brexit approach. 
SCOOP from Germany's @SZ - claims to have seen internal EU docs that a Brexit withdrawal deal has been agreed and will be announced by the British government tomorrow:  
When a Government says something is ‘temporary’ (Brexit) remember this;The Income Tax Act of 1842 was brought in as a TEMPORARY measure, which is still TEMPORARY after 176 years. 
I still see articles abt "models of Brexit" that talk of EEA, Turkey, Canada etc.. No! Brexit is not abt what we do with the EU after we leave it. It's about what we do with the world! Only relationships that let us make our own laws & deals with non-EU states are Brexit at all.+ 
Indeed the actions of the DUP over Brexit, particularly over a hard border in Ireland make Irish unity more likely over the next 10 years.  
Arlene Foster doesn’t speak for Northern Ireland let alone Britain. Absurd that this bigoted party leader is playing a major role in Brexit. 
Rees-Mogg: ‘I’m not going to blink’ on Brexit  
A no-deal Brexit would be devastating for the UK economy & especially detrimental to the agri-food & manufacturing sectors in NI. This will result in many people in our local economy losing their jobs. This must be avoided.  
Anyone who doubts whether @darrengrimes_ broke the law in support of a corrupt Brexit campaign should view this clip from the Canadian Parliament investigation into unlawful data gathering.  
WATCH: @timminchin can't be at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th, but hopes you can make it to London to make it the biggest Brexit demonstration ever.Please RSVP to the march and RT this:  
Here’s a different lesson about Brexit from Northern Ireland - why the pursuit of a badly thought out Dream ends on the scrap heap As John DeLorean found out with the  “DeLorean Dream” car  
Kevin McKenna "If Nicola Sturgeon wants a new referendum, now is the time to set the timetable" 
I have so far backed our negotiating position on the EU. But staying in the customs union would be the worst of all worlds. Any other outcome - no deal, Canada, Norway, Switzerland, even a second referendum - would be preferable.  
Former Brexit Secretary David Davis Urges Cabinet to Rebel Against PM May’s Plan  
Lets give England a referendum with ONE question"Do you want BREXIT or Northern Ireland" 
Survive Brexit, what, no sunny uplands, we hold all the cards, there are no downsides, etc etc.?  
AMBAZONIA ELECTION BOYCOTT AN ACT OF REFERENDUM AND A SIGN OF SERIOUSNESS  
Tony Blair - 50:50 chance #brexit won't happen. People say nothing bad happened to our economy after the referendum... people need to remember our currency fell between 10% & 15% after the vote & it's still there.#peoplesvote #FBPE #marr #ridge #bbcsp @campbellclaret 
Good question. Why should the Bavarian election feature in the Brexit landscape?Because there is a (misinformed) view in the UK that if Merkel is weakened then the UK will be able extract concessions.   
"Brexit panic has started on the continent. Now we must drive a hard bargain." - David Davis  
Leaked EU memo claims Theresa May set to strike 'secret' Brexit deal  
The complete delusion by David Davies (and most of the Brexiteers) continues.There is NO panic about Brexit on the continent - or around the world.  Check Berlin, and notes from IMF annual meeting.Britain is - unfortunately - becoming irrelevant. For Europe and for the world.  
Utterly, heartily sick of being told that tariffs & the NI border are either: catastrophic OR easily solvable. One of you is lying. #Brexit 
Mr. @RailaOdinga was the Prime Minister of Kenya from 2008-2013. It didn't improve the quality of life of Kenyans. It didn't eradicate theft of public resources nor eliminate extra judicial killings. He led a referendum campaign in 2005. Nothing changed. #KenyansNeedARevolution 
RT: @RuthDavidsonMSP & @DavidMundellDCT both say ‘We’ll resign if May does anything that makes Scotland think there’s a better alternative to a hard Tory Brexit’ but they won't stand up for Scotland.Will they... 
“I am struggling to get my head around the idea, promoted by some remain voting MPs, that #SuperCanada would be a ‘hard’ or ‘extreme’ version of Brexit, and that those who make a case for it are ‘right wing nationalists’” @annietrev#StandUp4Brexit 
If Remain MPs so much as question the government over Brexit they're branded traitors and enemies of the people. If Brexit MPs urge open rebellion against the government, they're patriots and heroes.  Brexit hypocrisy. #PeoplesVote 
The Hard Brexiters are lobbying Soft Brexiters with very expensive advertising material: “Polls show a deal like Chequers is massively unpopular. Most people see it as a fake Brexit”. ALL BREXIT IS BAD. #PeoplesVote 
We may have reached peak Little England. Europeans think many things about Brexit, but “oh god those clever Brits have outsmarted us” really isn’t one of them  
Radio 4 World This Weekend finds our close Dutch allies sorry about Brexit, some inconvenienced too. But they’ll cope and we will be short of Dutch onions. Punishing UK? No, “ the Brits are punishing themselves enough... UK does more trade with Belgium than with China” 
2) A Constitution should never be repealed or changed to suit anyone no matter how powerful, repressive or wealthy s/he may be. A Kshs 200 billion referendum will worsen the lives of Kenyans. Respect and uphold the Constitution as it exists, deliver services and create jobs. 
Correct - the referendum was an INSTRUCTION from the people to the MPs and parliament to deliver on the result - Remain or leave - Leave won and we expect our political class to deliver @ConorBurnsUK 
Britain's former Brexit secretary urges members of Prime Minister Theresa May's cabinet to rebel against her proposed deal with the European Union.  
How to march with The Independent and @peoplesvote_uk for a #FinalSay on Brexit  
Iowa's largest newspaper: vote Democratic."Some have argued that this election should be a referendum on Trump. We disagree. This is about Congress, which has abdicated its constitutional duty and has failed to provide a check and balance to the executive branch" #iapolitics 
Imagine if we had an opposition ...Tories take four-point lead over Labour despite Brexit troubles 
You had two years front and centre of the EU debate,you were one of the leading proponents of Leave yet in all that time you failed to produce even a marginally sensible proposal. Brexit has failed and the fault is yours.  
Leave said the UK would be able to negotiate a deal with the EU at least as good as the one it has now. #Leavers keep saying negative consequences are #ProjectFear.If that isn't deliverable, then #Brexit should be cancelled, as it was sold on a lie and the people misled. 
To my fellow citizens who are #Leavers. I ask you to please look again at the consequences of #brexit. You can not dismiss this for there are very grave consequences for the country if this continues. People's lives are at stake. Do not be remembered for appeasing #fascism. #FBPE 
Hearing the usual nonsense about how Brexiteers can't agree on what we want. Talk to nearly any Brexiteer and they will favour a UK wide Canada+++ with technology on the Irish border but comfortable with WTO rules until then.#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
Knowing what we know now about its detrimental consequences, if #brexit was really about the good of the country, then #brexiters would stop pursuing it. But they continue. Why? Because it's not about the country, it's about the advancement of the Far Right. That's #brexit. #FBPE 
Always remember that when a Tory MP says "it's better to go down fighting"-they mean you the  public b/c they will have an escape route and a  sack full of cash to rest comfortably upon. #Brexit  
Furious Arlene Foster ready to lead Brexit rebellion after ‘HOSTILE’ meeting with Barnier  
In a crunch week for Brexit, there are echoes of the crash and burn of the DeLorean dream, writes @gavinesler  via @TheNationalUAE 
From Michel Barnier's speech on Wednesday:"I believe that Brexit has no added value. It is a negotiation with no positive outcome, a lose-lose game."#wato 
For many in the Irish media , Brexit is to be opposed . Not understood.  They place no value on principles of sovereignty and freedom. They also display a small minded regionalist mentality.   The EU is a shrinking part of global economy.  
I've never advocated some highhanded MPs simply "cancelling" Brexit. But I do think arguing that the UK electorate has a right to a vote on the facts is a valid position to take even if you represent a heavily leave-voting area. 
Alas, “Brexit Bulldog” Davis is serial resigner & waste of political space. Has no answers (DexEU sec for two years !), but urges ex-cabinet colleagues still in the trenches to go over the top while he struts his stuff in safety at ERG’s chateau. Lazy sod  
As a nation we have survived many terrible events -  world war 2, the who wants to be a millionaire scandal, Gary Barlow doing that song at the jubilee - but unlike Brexit they were not self inflicted, except Barlow. You see my point. 
It’s easier to see Theresa May turning Brexit into a rip-roaring success than Joachim Loew winning anything with Nationalmannschaft ever again. 
I'm so glad we had a clear plan for Brexit before triggering art 50. Imagine what a shit storm would have ensued if we hadn't. 
The uncomfortable truth is that Brexit HAS to be delivered. It would have been easier were it not for people like you devoting yourselves to obstructing the promise you were clearly elected on, but the preservation of the democratic integrity of the UK means Brexit must happen.  
Unlike you Sir, they are democrats and accept the outcome of he referendum and that we are leaving the EU.  
Letter to PM from @RuthDavidsonMSP and @DavidMundellDCT says they will not support any Brexit deal which; - Creates a border in the Irish Sea- Undermines the UK union - Leads to Northern Ireland “having a different relationship with the EU... beyond what current exists” 
PATRIOT: @andreajenkyns says she will go down fighting for a real Brexit.It is our MPs duty to stand up for the people.  
Interesting story in @sundaybusiness about how the Church of Ireland weaponised SIPO to destroy an organisation campaigning against the baptism barrier. Irish media might reflect on how they should have focused on this instead of amplifying 'Soros' smears during the referendum. 
That's good. If Labour back a people's vote, and get enough Tory rebels on side, it's more than possible. Get a remain result, and will pave the way for A50 to be revoked. If Lab want to govern for the many, moving to stop Tory Brexit is a great start. 
Astonishing - apart from the fact that the sovereign British people answered the referendum question and gave politicians instructions on which to act, @Anna_Soubry appears to be suggesting here that leaving the undemocratic/unaccountable EU is simply not possible or allowed. 
Tory party 2018. The Brexit effect.(The Times)  
Acting in the national interest would be accepting there is no way forward with Brexit and deciding to go back to the people now new facts have emerged. 
Yes, we've done our bit & more as part of the 'UK' & been serially ignored & left facing removal of powers that belong to Scotland's Parliament. Time to leave Little England to the Brexit disaster of its own making & focus on the Indy alternative for Scotland. #DissolveTheUnion 
Brexit will harm (is harming) your NHS. YouGov survey shows opposition to Brexit has grown among doctors & nurses, with 75% saying they would now vote to remain in the EU 
People like this shouldn’t be anywhere near public office.Leave voters - many of whom live in communities whose voices have been ignored, whose economies rely on the EU - were not told to “go down fighting.”They voted for a better future - which Brexit is failing to deliver.  
We had an election that gave a mandate to hold a referendum. We had a referendum that gave a mandate to leave. We had another election where 80%+ of the vote gave a mandate to deliver the mandate the referendum gave. Which one of those votes weren’t “a people’s vote”.  
Red C/Paddy Power Poll today shows 61% in 26 Counties will vote Irish Unity after Brexit.Last month, poll revealed 56% in the north would vote Irish Unity after hard Brexit.It’s time for a referendum on Irish Unity! #UnityRef Sign the petition  
2yrs 4mths after the referendum, 13yrs after the UK helped set up the WTO, there are people who still think this?Irrespective of PM or no deal papers: GATT Art.1 (MFN non-discrimination); GATT Art.24 (exemption for free trade agreements)HT @Kurako76 
Was."Sunlit uplands."Then."Not the end of the world."And."There will be adequate food."Now."We will go down, but at least we go down fighting."#Brexit  
Falls @sinnfeinireland activists this morning showing their opposition to Brexit, and demanding that the Remain majority vote  in the north of Ireland be respected!  
"This chaotic Conservative Brexit was supposed to settle the party’s civil war over Europe. It has not. This is a Conservative disaster foisted on the rest of the country." @vincecable on David Davis inciting Tory rebellion over Chequers. 
Seeing as all political discussions on mainstream media are about Brexit, we think #Indyref2 is being forgotten. Most Twitter activity is from around 7pm, so we thought we should try a #TwitterStorm tomorrow evening at 7pm. Up for it? Please use  #dissolvetheunion #Yes & RT 
See below Exhibit A of the sheer contempt that the SNP has for Brexiteers. They chastise the 1m Scottish leave voters as “Mad” and want to stop Brexit. If you’re a Scottish Leave voter you have no home in the SNP. They will pretend you don’t exist. They’ll never stand up for you  
10/ To conclude: The government, Brexit politicians and media, have repeatedly and cynically violated 3 of the key requirements of democracy. Far from being democratic, the Brexit process has witnessed an unparalleled attack on our democracy. 
In a single tweet, this is why so many utterly despise politicians. "#Brexit can't be delivered" in the same breath as "it's time we were honest". Their opinion is more important than yours, and yours is invalid anyway. They are a disgrace to our country.  
What I want for my country:•Equality of opportunity•Better public services•Common sense•Compassion•An end to tax avoidance•Less polarisation•Real democracy•Tolerance•ProsperityTwo things stand in the way:•Brexit•This govt and its enablers#PeoplesVote 
The only thing that could make Brexit "undeliverable" is MPs like Anna Soubry failing to honour the result of the referendum. #RespectTheResult 
Some common sense in the centre of the Brexit debate from Simon Wolfson in the Sunday Telegraph.  
Emily Thornberry's tough talk on Brexit would carry more weight if Labour wasn't so determined to fudge their position on a people's vote.Liberal Democrats are clear. We want to give you the final say on Brexit with the option to remain. Join now #Marr 
Whichever way anyone voted on Brexit, everyone in the UK should have a right to approve the final deal. It's too important to leave to the incompetent buffoons who've lied, bluffed and blundered their way to where we are now. It's our future, it should be our vote #PeoplesVote 
75% of doctors and nurses would vote to Remain, up from 66% in 2016.It’s because they’ve seen the massive impact Brexit is already having on our NHS, and the damage it will continue to do. Nobody voted for this. That’s why we want a #PeoplesVote#FFS 
The hippies are fighting back! Key takeaways from today's elections in Bavaria:1. Germany's position on Brexit won't change. Period.2. To those obsessed with @AfD & far right: the other big winners are the Greens (pro-environment, pro-refugee, pro-EU ect.)#ltwby18 
Cabinet mutiny threatens to kill Theresa May’s Brexit 
The message is clear!Protect the Good Friday Agreement.Respect the Remain Vote.No Border No Brexit!  
‘We’ll resign if you do anything that makes Scotland think there’s a better alternative to a hard Tory Brexit’ say Mundell and Davidson! First, what a bizarre position - isn’t it their job to stand up for Scotland? And, second, have they the gumption to resign? I bet they don’t!  
Emily Thornberry confirms Labour’s six tests will be applied.  Good. Any Brexit will fail those tests. What happens next is anyone’s guess however. @EmilyThornberry @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer Show us the bridge you are building, Labour! @Labour4EU @UKLabour @DavidLammy 
This sums up where we are nicely. People threatening resignations because the bad and harmful Brexit Deal UKGov wants is not bad or harmful enough for them.  
EU leaders line up 'no-deal' emergency Brexit summit for November  
In an ideal world we would stay in the EU, but right now, the only sensible and pragmatic Brexit option is EEA membership (Norway model).This would keep us in the single market and ensure no hard border in Ireland. 
Top linguist: ‘I’m leaving the UK because of the disaster of Brexit’Rawlings, half Greek, retains Greek passport, will move to Barcelona on 1 Nov' to pursue “creative passion projects”.Spanish youth unemployment... 33.8%UK youth unemployment... 4.7% 
Cameron "thought it wouldn’t matter, because after the Election there would be another coalition, and the Lib Dems could just block a referendum as the price of a new deal." - Danny Alexander on what Cameron told him pre-2015. 
Very good piece. A deal which works for the EU, the Tory/DUP Govt, and for Parliament seems impossible. A positive Brexit outcome seems impossible. And still, MPs, in particular Labour MPs, calling for remain are few and far between. I can't understand it.  
It grieves me greatly that having seen Lord Wolfson from @nextofficial this morning on #marr after 25 years of shopping there I will be taking my hard earned cash elsewhere.  I am not going to pay the wages of a man who diminishes the damage of #brexit on my business and family. 
“Labour will not vote for 'blind Brexit'’ or a bridge to nowhere” : Emily Thornberry via Reuters  
Oh, so that’s why you’re pushing for #Brexit? You want to go down in history as someone responsible for the new worst man-made catastrophe to befall the English people? Weird ambition but okay  
Leavers have taken to insisting we'll be ok after #brexit because we survived 2 World wars. We didn't all survive. My father's older brother a very early casualty. He was only 20 years old, right at the start of adult life. Peace is worth the effort.  
David Davis issues a dramatic call to cabinet ministers to stage a mutiny against Theresa May to kill her Brexit plan...an insurrection against the Prime Minister, he says her "flawed" plan to keep the UK in a customs union is "completely unacceptable".  
Really can’t believe we still have to go through this “Brexit dividend” magic-money debunking in 2018.It’s been modelled to death. Any monies repatriated are utterly dwarfed by Brexit readjustment costs + loss of market efficiencies from being outside EU. 
'It's a deliberate cock-up!' Brexiteer claims May's 'APPALLING' Brexit is to keep UK IN EU  
1/ Brexiters pretend democracy is only about votes. This is false. Here are 3 other key elements of democracy, all of which have been attacked by #Brexit politicians.1. The right to oppose.2. Information - voters must be sufficiently well-informed.3. The rule of law. 
Stopping #Brexit is not the end of our fight - the next step will be to hold those responsible for their continued lies and those responsible for enabling those lies by giving them a platform, accountable for the damage they've helped to create. #LongHaulFight #PeoplesVoteMarch 
"Brexit panic has started on the continent. Now we must drive a hard bargain." - David Davis  
MP demands Met police explain why Brexit inquiry dropped  
Well done, @JeremyCorbyn. You’re trailing yet again... When will @UKLabour realise that with you at the helm & #Brexit your policy, they will never govern - and will only ever (fail to) oppose? #PeoplesVote to #SaveLabour & #StopBrexit! #CorbynOut! #ofoc #ffs #fbpe @tom_watson 
Final Say: Army of 10,000 young people to lead major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum  
Why the arguments against another referendum don't stack up. My latest Brexit Blog post, reviewing recent claims that another vote would be wrong in principle:  
"The Tories have been involved in a psychodrama for the last two years where they've been fighting amongst themselves. They've not been able to agree what they want to negotiate so - guess what - they haven't been able to negotiate anything." @EmilyThornberry on #Brexit #Marr 
Meanwhile the percentage of voters thinking that Brexit is Wrong continues to grow. The monthly average for the "Brexit Wrong" lead over "Brexit Right" in the YouGov tracker  
It is time for all #Conservative MPs to rise up and rebel against #ChequersFight for your country first and party second.#theresamay is raising the white flag of surrender to Brussels#Brexit must mean #Brexit#ChequersPlan #StandUp4Brexit #Marr@andreajenkyns 
Dominic Grieve - “There is no form of #Brexit that isn’t hugely damaging to the future of this country".. "I do beginning to wonder what is the point of all this is".... we should now hand this back to the people & let them make the choice in a #PeoplesVote. #FBPE @Anna_Soubry 
“Next move over £4 billion of stock around the globe & cross most of the world’s customs bordersOur preparations mean there’ll be little or no direct impact on our trading operations or costs, even from no deal Brexit” Simon Wolfson, CEO#StandUp4Brexit 
James Acaster’s teabag Brexit metaphor is still the original and best from Mock the Week 
“This whole country is on the brink of the worst disaster since 2nd world war, & everyone is just sipping coffee, going about their daily business as if nothing is happening”Celebrated linguist @rawlangs_alex -another to vote with his feet.#Brexit #marr 
Brexit is and always was a Tory party internal fight with no regard for consequences.  
SNP will put forward own proposals to House of Commons to stay in the single market, claims their Brexit spokesman @Feorlean #BBCSP 
Davidson & Mundell  Stand with the DUP on #Brexit  and have turned their back on the 62% in Scotland that voted remain!                        -You Just Can’t Trust a Tory-  
Hi Andrea, Brexit is a negotiation about the rules for selling each other things and how easy it is to go through airports and such. World War Two was a bloody conflict that left millions dead and scarred generations, plus a genocide. Do try to separate the two.  
Everything about this scenario is depressingly predictable. BBC Celebrity, a remainer obviously, assumes ‘everyone knows’ Brexit is wrong, gets big support from studio audience. Actually impossible now to imagine it being any other way. Kind of alternate reality in public realm  
This is shocking. Hard to put into words my feeling on this.Robbins is unelected, a remainer and is essentially running the brexit show. Pulling May's strings, damaging the Tory party, the country, democracy. May should be run out of politics altogether. What a failure of a PM  
I kept insisting that Anna Soubry’s every action betrayed how she didn’t accept the referendum result and she kept insisting that she did. I’m glad the “reality” is now evident to all.  
Brexit panic has started on the Continent. Now the UK must drive a hard bargain:  
Usual brilliant commentary from Mr O’Brien except:1. The EU won’t agree to ‘Chequers’ and so won’t be voted on in Commons;2. PM can’t unilaterally call election;3. Cabinet and Tory party won’t agree to overturn first referendum.  
Police response time into overspending during 2015 General Election: 33 daysPolice response time into overspending during 2016 Referendum: 89 days and counting#CheatingMeansCheating @metpoliceuk 
Labour's six tests, if met, would involve keeping the UK in the single market AND the customs union. Labour are cynically seeking a general election. They have NEVER been serious about implementing or respecting the 2016 referendum result  
Then @anna_soubry shouldn’t have stood on a manifesto that promised to give us that referendum, then she shouldn’t’t have stood on a manifesto that promised to implement the results. She is a lying hypocritical, treacherous bitch. Your typical #Remoaner pic.twitter.com/q58NalvPHX 
As for a #PeoplesVote: it won’t include us and is, in any case, unlikely to help even in the best-case scenario: I am sure that some system of exclusive registration for EU citizens will come even if, miraculously, Brexit doesn’t happen. 16/ 
All of the above ... is *on top of* all the general Brexit worries we EU27 citizens also have to deal with.All of the above ... comes on the back of not having had a voice in the EUref; hate crimes and over 840 days of limbo. 14/ 
September 2019 would now be the best timing for Indyref2. Brexit direction will be clear. Yes is in important part a popular movement of the street and a few months good campaigning weather important to us. 
"This has been brought upon us by... mad Brexiteers."@theSNP's @Feorlean says the Commons Brexit vote should not be between Chequers and No Deal. #bbcsp 
Brexit. It’s time for an end to illusions. May must choose between the backstop and her country. | Conservative Home  
#Brexit absurdity no. 291847: contingency planning no longer aimed at saving the country but advising UK business to save itself by abandoning a sinking ship.  
Fed up of these twats keeps saying we must honour the result of the EU referendum, it was won by criminal cheating. There is no mandate to Leave the EU, the only way to honour the result is to dump it.  
“A so-called Brexit of this nature would blatantly fail to respect the referendum. Now is the moment for all parliamentarians & ministers who truly believe in Brexit, rather than merely pay it lip service, to make their voices heard”#StandUp4Brexit 
On Sunday Politics Scot @Feorlean points out how ludicrous are @DavidMundellDCT & @RuthDavidsonMSP threats to resign if Scotland is not treated as badly as the rest of the U.K. not to mention their backing for the ghastly #DUP #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Quantum mechanics is a well defined physical theory which delivers an accurate description of reality. I don’t think the term can be applied to brexit. 
Further Reading #7Lucky number 7! A special bonus for anyone who's made it this far (take a bow). Brexit explained in a brilliant, witty sketch, through the medium of cake... 
Further Reading #6If you can spare 23 minutes and 29 seconds, this brilliant explainer video by @JasonJHunter neatly sums Brexit up. It covers where we were, how we got here, and what do we do now (beside panic). 
Further Reading #2If you have a strong constitution, here's the latest HOC briefing listing all the current "Brexit unknowns." It runs to 63 pages... So, next time someone airily waves a hand & says "Brexit's going to be just fine", show 'em this! 
Bonjour there is your unroll: Thread by @uk_domain_names: "Here's the truth about Brexit, the "punishment" some people claim the EU wants to inflict on us, the full horrific conse […]" Enjoy :)  
Michael Portillo - "Remaining in the customs union massacres support in the Conservative Party. I don’t know who in the Conservative Party could support that apart from rabid Remainers." #Brexit  
Dear EirePlease can you join Schengen to screw up brexit? 
“This is not just an EU question” says @MattHancock No...but the EU is pretty important. Look at what has happened to the numbers of new EU nurse registrants since the Brexit referendum: This is a BIG problem. #NHS #marr pic.twitter.com/O8nl2FcUEc 
Emily Thornberry on meaningful vote - "We can't have on the one hand a bit of Theresa May nonsense, and on the other no-deal". #Marr #Brexit  
2% of professionals in the arts think Brexit will be good for our sector. The Torygraph has managed to find one of them to put their case (to the 98% of the rest of us who are 'wrong').  
#MARRSHOW #Brexit If the Govt wants the whole UK to stay in #CustomsUnion until an alternative solution is found to the Irish border problem, then obviously it can’t end until such an alternative is agreed by BOTH sides.  That makes it unacceptable to Tory right wing. 
Very good to see @EmilyThornberry stick firmly to @UKLabour six tests. No self-respecting MP can possibly vote for a deal which makes their constituents poorer and their country weaker. NOBODY VOTED FOR THIS DOG’S DINNER BREXIT DEAL  
The sins of the free market fathers being laid on their children. Without the social savagery of Thatcherism Remain would have won the  referendum by a 10 percent margin.  
Labour’s plan on #Brexit?There isn’t one.Their sole goal is to bring down the GovtThis won’t deliver the will of the peopleIt will force submission to dangerous militant Socialists incapable of basic governance or care for anyone outside of the London Labour bubble #Marr 
All the remain MPs need to finally ditch the ridiculous notion that we need to respect an illegally won referendum by some compromised soft brexit. If they truly are Remainers, if they believe that is best for this country, it is their sworn duty to stand up for it. 
Loving @EmilyThornberry on #Marr this morning. Tories delivering “bridge to nowhere” on Brexit... they should stop their “psycho drama” and get on with their jobs. Real talk!!!! 
That's Brexit for you.  
We’ve reached Quantum Brexit where a time limit is not a currently defined limit on time but will be in the future.What is time anyway?@ProfBrianCox#quantumbrexit 
.@patel4witham: The £40bn Brexit bung is not simply a bad use of taxpayers’ money. It breaks another manifesto pledge. 
Great discussion this morning on #marr with @sianberry and @WestminsterWAG - Brexit high on the agenda, as well as the lack of climate change coverage and the 4 day week.  
Impressed by all these cabinet ministers who are prepared to resign over a Brexit deal that can’t get through parliament to try to achieve a different Brexit deal that can’t get through parliament. 
(1) How we treat migrants after Brexit will shape our country - and one current Tory proposal - amazingly being praised by some "liberal" (right wing) Labour people is "Regional Work Permits" , a nasty scheme that will hurt both migrants & UK workers  
Are you still saying that?! We now know more. Business, the TUC, the universities, the NHS, social care sector, the police etc etc - everyone is telling us what a disaster it is. You won the referendum*, now get over it. *thru lies, cheating, impossible promises, law-breaking. 
We are marching on Saturday at the People's Vote march, to demand a vote for @The3Million & @BritishInEurope in case of a new Brexit referendum, on the basis of fairness. Meet us at Speakers' Corner at 11AM and wear white to stand out!  
The UK Government is now advising businesses who trade with the EU to consider relocating outside the UK in the case of a no-deal Brexit.We need a General Election. 
Shadow Foreign Secretary @EmilyThornberry defends Labour’s six Brexit tests #marr 
You lost the referendum. Get over it David. If it was so important you’d have made a better argument. You didn’t and you lost.  
Emily Thornberry is absolutely right on #Marr when she says the government's framing of no deal or a bad deal is a "false choice".Britain still has every right to reject Brexit altogether through a #PeoplesVote with the right to remain in the EU. 
The question #Marr should be asking Emily Thornberry is how Labour plans to deliver "the exact same benefits" of our current EU membership any better than the Tories have done.They can't - any #Brexit will be deeply damaging.Which is why we need a #PeoplesVote.#Brexit 
In last week I’ve been campaigning for a people’s vote to stop Brexit in Nottingham, Birmingham, Bristol, London, Oxford, Cheltenham, Sevenoaks & High Wycome - & 2 speeches, on Brexit’s impact on Ireland & the arts, in the House of Lords. Equally busy next week. We can win this! 
Most doctors and nurses believe the claim Brexit would boost the NHS by £350m a week was a 'deliberate lie', poll finds  
Witness a Tory MP, with a Churchill complex who thinks leaving a trading block which has given us free unfettered access to 27 national markets, and so much more besides is akin to fighting them on the beaches. And literally doesn't care about the damage a no deal brexit will do.  
This is a significant intervention from DD. His position has always been, change the policy, not the PM. Getting May out and him becoming an interim leader may be the only way to deliver #Brexit and FTACabinet mutiny threatens to kill PM’s Brexit 
MP demands Met police explain why Brexit inquiry dropped | UK news | The Guardian - ⁦@DamianCollins⁩ joins. ⁦@tom_watson⁩  - now cross party consensus on need for British Mueller 
Theresa May must secure the Brexit promised to the ­British public with a free-trade deal and a new national future  
In the Brexit chaos should the SNP give up on being ignored by Westminster in trying to save UK from Brexit madness and instead concentrate on the independence message to change Universal Credit, Life Expectancy, Health & Education Budgets, Economic Growth etc 
Also interesting that No10 has sent Matt Hancock onto #Marr as its safe pair of hands at this very sensitive Brexit moment instead of Jeremy Hunt, who used to do that and kinda has the more relevant brief. Hunt clearly now a threat. 
Considering there are so few Brexit backing business people @AndrewMarr9 seems to get a lot of them on his show. #Marr 
Two things I’ve learnt from Lord Wolfson in his interview today: no deal Brexit will be fine and most people walking down the high street in 10 years time will be wearing clothes. So glad I tuned in #Marr 
...or to put it another way, at least 268 out of 315 Tory MPs can’t be arsed delivering on Brexit despite their manifesto promises. 
A cheery Sunday thought: in two years time we’ll be facing a Brexit cliff-edge again, trying to sign a trade deal before the transition period runs out. Except before the EU can approve that deal, all of its national parliaments will have to vote in favour of it 
Sarah Vine says Mrs May has had to deal with the most difficult position ever for a politician....Clearly defeating Nazism and WWII was a piece of piss if you are ridiculously obsessed by Brainless Brexit cockwombleness. #marr 
David Davis, who got paid a large amount of money while fucking Brexit negotiations up, wants to control negotiations now.It's akin to someone who caused a motorway pile-up insisting on driving the police car. He is the LAST person who should be listened to 
Cabinet brexiteer MPs will meet tomorrow night to decide on what to do about May's Brexit deal. They must resign unless May dumps Chequers.  How can they justify supporting May's Brexit sell out. They will never be trusted again if they don’t act..  
Sarah Vine tells #Marr that the EU is "determined to make us suffer".As @SianBerry points out, this is nonsense. #Brexit is a completely self-inflicted injury and Brexiters need to own it rather than shifting blame. We need a #PeoplesVote. 
The only “People’s Vote” I want is a General Election. That is what everyone in @UKLabour should be calling for. A 2nd referendum would be extremely damaging- more so than the 1st.What we need are these nasty, lying, cheating @CONservatives out.#Marr 
UK's youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three 
The DUP mean what they say - unlike Theresa May - a bad brexit deal is worse than no deal. The DUP should tell the Tories they will no longer back them unless they dump Chequers..  
Fracking is starting because we aren’t going to be bringing in what we need.And hybrid vehicle cars aren’t being supported because the government won’t have the cash and tariffs mean they’ll cost more.Look and ye shall read the Brexit outcome entrails easily enough. 
Gove's wife, Sarah Vine, on #marr show no doubt trying to excuse treachery of her husband, @michaelgove.  Good luck!  ~if he hadn't stabbed @Borisjohnson we would be out of EU by now, What a DISGRACE. he is , now he is pushing #Chequers plan!  2 faced!  #borisjohnson #brexit  
The Government has simply failed to negotiate with the EU in the national interest - it’s increasingly clear that the British people should get the final say on Brexit – with an option to stay in the EU.  
We’ve been taken prisoner by liars, charlatans, demagogues, chancers, law-breakers, carpet-baggers, a Brexit elite salivating at the money they’ll make from the chaos they’ve brought and the rights and protections that'll be torched as a result - for workers, the environment etc 
Both honoured and flattered to be mentioned in such company, nice to be acknowledged by @carolecadwalla, the abuse and personal attacks she has endured whilst uncovering this international scandal are an indictment on Brexit Britain.   
They said they wanted to make Parliament sovereign again, but turns out that’s only if it agrees with them. They say Brexit is for the people not the elite, even as they make sure they’ll be ok while the people are screwed. 
'As if Brexit hasn't opened enough of a can of worms, our poll reveals that a united Ireland is very much on the agenda.'  
AHEM. Different type of column this week. I took my son home to the Irish border, and got very, very angry about the callow Brexit frauds who threaten it. I also redouble my distaste for Northern Irish country music, but that should be a given.  
This court case could hand Theresa May the power to stop Brexit  
No, no. This new proposal is so much worse than Brexit in Name Only. We are a bauble for the EU to wave in trade negotiations, without a say in said negotiations. A national humiliation.  
#TheresaMay’s #Brexit plans could fall apart this week:  
Ted Heath told Parliament in 1971 that joining EEC does not entail "an erosion of essential national sovereignty". If #Brexit "cannot be delivered", Heath plainly lied: we are in a political union from which there is no escape, which is "essential national sovereignty" nullified.  
Whether #Brexit is good, bad or indifferent for the UK, the worst thing is the certainty that Mogg, Johnson and David Davis care not 1 single iota for the UK public. Theyre not working for them. Theyre acting in the interests of the 1%, who see a financial killing #crimesyndicate 
.@CarolineFlintMP is wrong.If @Theresa_May’s deal doesn’t satisfy @UKLabour’s ‘6 tests’ she should not be voting for it.Brexit belongs entirely to @CONservatives. TM has a majority in Parliament & used our money to buy it!If she can’t get her deal through: her problem. 
People of Northern Ireland are being used as pawns by UKG & DUP.No Deal Brexit would be devastating.The impacts & risks are real. No cross border healthcare, electricity shortages, security risks. Medicines in short supply. That's what DUP & UKG think of us. Think on that. 
UK down to Any-Deal Brexit or Whatever Brexit!!  Tragic self-harm by chauvinistic imperialist British hangover.   
Revealed: leaked emails show DUP ready for no-deal Brexit  Ironic that as one woman leader capitulates to Brussels, threatening to diminish our country, it’s future could lie in the hands of another. 
The "political sensitivities" surrounding laws broken in the 2016 referendum give more reason not less for the Met to act urgently.The impact of these crimes could be felt for generations. As Collins says, "What is our law worth if the police won’t act?" 
This is how difficult remain MPs in Parliament make it. They move from standing on a manifesto to deliver #Brexit to ensure that they are personally re elected to announcing that #Brexit cannot be delivered when it absolutely can and must. There was a Great UK before the EU!  
For those speculating on the final shape of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement, something like this is what various of us have been speculating for many months.  
I think it’s important to keep reminding our UK and EU friends that @DUPleader represents a minority view in Northern Ireland on Brexit and therefore cannot claim to represent the region or speak for it on this matter. 
Martin is absolutely correct. The establishment do not WANT us to leave and so all effort is directed towards eviscerating Brexit. To pursue the WW2 analogy, it is akin to our establishment working WITH the Nazis to achieve a good WW2 outcome.  
2016: “Brexit will make us better off”2018: “Let’s go down fighting”  
See instead of threatening to resign if NI gets a special brexit deal, how’s about Ruth threatens to resign if Scotland doesn’t get one? As if she represented a constituency and country that does not want brexit, let alone a hard brexit. 
If it comes down to a choice between a deal that keeps us close to EU & a no-deal Brexit, I cannot see how Labour MPs could put some twisted notion of party advantage ahead of the national interest @Independent 
NO DEAL: The DUP are reportedly ready for a WTO Brexit and think its the most likely outcome. Bring it on!  
Reasons other than Brexit to work out who you vote for. This government has systematically undone huge amounts of progress. 
“Brexit will improve your lives”“Sunlit uplands”“It won’t be the end of the world”“Alright we’re fucked, let’s go down fighting our allies”  
ThisA promise was made which could not be delivered.Time to admit that. No one really *wants* a Peoples Vote but it’s going to be the only way to avoid a hard Brexit (or a botched Brexit) neither of which were on the ballot & both of which will damage our country irrevocably  
The sneering you exhibit is a classic example of the EU's disdain for democracyPerhaps you should apologise to your leave voting constituency for standing on a manifesto commitment to deliver full Brexit when you had no intention of honouring it 
Huzzah! Iain Duncan Smith has solved Brexit. Thanks the Lords. The UK just needs to tell Brussels to scrap the backstop and agree full Canada+++. Why has no-one thought of this?**Because. It. Is. Not. A. Thing. 
Incredible tunnel vision @williamnhutton - for you, like almost all Establishment, answer to almost any question is “it’s Corbyn’s fault”The disaster of Brexit is a Tory-made disaster, crucially supported by the press barons See Prof John Curtice “blaming Corbyn is a pretext”  
Morten Morland on Brexit hell week – political cartoon gallery in London  
DUP leader Arlene Foster warns no-deal Brexit is now the 'most likely outcome' after furious row with Michel Barnier over Irish border  via @MailOnline 
The uncomfortable truth is that #Brexit cannot be delivered. It’s time we all faced the reality and were honest with the British people. We owe them a huge apology for a referendum with an option that was undefined & undeliverable.  
Brexit panic has started on the Continent. Now we must drive a hard bargain | Comment | The Sunday Times  
Andrea Leadsom was four square behind Chequers at Tory party conference. Now she's apparently leading a Pizza Plot discussing a mass walkout by Brexit Cabinet Ministers. This will be some week 
#Brexit  Labour today a shambles. Doing everything to stop Brexit. Couldn’t organise a piss up in a brewery them Labour 4 clowns . Led by Jeremy Corbyn who voted 17 times against Terror Laws. Hates the EU all his life likes it today IDIOT. Hates people doing well earning money.  
“There is no form of Brexit that isn’t hugely damaging to our country” abs right #DominicGrieve @BBCRadio4 #BroadcastingHouse “what is the point of all this” @peoplesvote_uk 
It is pouring with rain, I have scanned the papers and twitter for national and international news, I want to put my head under the duvet and wake up to a different, peaceful, socially just, Brexit free world 
Hello @theresa_may, I used google autocomplete to help me write the solution to the brexit problem. Please take this seriously. Thank you.  
Former Brexit Secretary David Davis, who resigned after Chequers in protest, is telling the cabinet to find the same courage he found and thwart Theresa May’s Brexit sell out. It’s time to act!Support us at  
‘DUP chief ready for no deal Brexit.’ (Observer)Vital to understand that DUP actually WANT no deal/hard Brexit & a new partition of Ireland - provided they can blame the UK government & shed crocodile tears. So far all going according to plan 
Remember kids Brexit is not about improving your lives it’s about going down fighting in relation to something the country did to itself!#brexitlogic 
Top linguist: ‘I’m leaving the UK because of the disaster of Brexit’  
Brexit metaphor  
The ERG have been aiming for a no-deal all along. A desperate pariah UK would be forced to become a tax-haven style economy to attract & retain business. Welfare & health, safety and environmental regulations would be slashed. The NHS would go.#Brexit 
The unbelievable is our new reality, and the DUP is at the greatest position of influence in the party's history ahead of the EU's Brexit summit, writes RTÉ Northern Editor Tommie Gorman  
“The EU referendum was never just about the EU. It was a howl of rage from Thatcherites who cannot accept that their ideology failed... the chance to abolish a modern world they neither like nor comprehend.” ⁦@NickCohen4⁩ with the last rites 
David Davis says it was "unwise" for Cabinet to sign up to Irish backstop last December. Quite so. Has he forgotten that he was Brexit secretary then!   
They have tried Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees Mogg and now the Tories are suggesting David Davis as a PM. They are all absolutely hopeless. David Davis was in charge of Brexit negotiations for 2 years and due to his laziness and inadequacies got nothing agreed. Tories are a shambles. 
A government that is preparing for a no-deal #Brexit is preparing to inflict massive suffering on the British people for the benefit of a tiny tax & regulation-hating elite. It is a government that has violated the basic contract between state & people.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Top linguist: ‘I’m leaving the UK because of the disaster of Brexit’It's such a shame. The UK will need  people like him post Brexit if it wants to move forward and address its issues. We have our work cut out in schools as MFL teachers, for sure.  
We will never change someone’s mind by pointing out how wrong they are, and that is the problem we face right now with Brexit. We are arguing not empathising. 
INTERVENTION: David Davis urges Cabinet to stop May's Brexit plan. "It is time for cabinet members to exert their collective authority. This week the authority of our constitution is on the line.” 
Is'nt that just typical of @UKLabour? Ready to prop up The Tories rather than doing a deal with @theSNP. All to save their precious union (as well as their own skin) Labour MPs reveal they are ready to rescue Theresa May's Brexit deal in Commons vote  
Truly, the extremists have hijacked Brexit. There have been a hundred potential off-ramps we could have taken towards a sane EFTA/EEA Brexit but instead here we are, ranting on about white flags and annihilation. My contempt for these MPs knows no words.  
Chequers gets voted down. May hangs on to the leadership, calls a General Election & puts a new referendum in the Conservative manifesto.Check mate? 
Egos, greed, pursuit of power, nationalism... All leading to No Deal Brexit.  
Damian Collins MP - “If the law was broken they [the police] have a duty to investigate. It makes no sense at all. I have no idea what’s going on. We need a proper official response,” 
Brexit Staring into the eyes of a nation she spoke the words we wanted to hear,A woman that promised glory for the UK as she had no fear,But we should’ve looked closely as she spoke with a forked tongue,We were never going escape the prison, the dirty deed is all but done.  
I believe in Remain. I think Brexit will profoundly damage our country. But, what will really damage us all is the damage we are doing to each other right now. Brexit is ripping us all apart from each other. We all need to reach out and respectfully connect with each other again. 
“Brexit is simply not the economically existential event implied by fevered political debate and media hype.”A brilliant article from Next CEO Lord Wolfson. Essential reading  
Tory MPs now in open revolt over #Brexit & #UniversalCreditFinally it'll soon be all over for Theresa May.Which nasty posh idiot will they pick to replace her? #Marr #ToryRevolt  
David Davis is delusionalNobody wants him to be PM. He couldn’t get a Brexit deal when he was in charge and he still doesn’t understand the rulesCanada + doesn’t solve the Irish border. Without that no withdrawal deal and no transition. Getting a No Deal to get Canada + is nuts 
David Davies writes in his incendiary article that  the biggest economic upside of Brexit will be to negotiate trade deals. With whom,pray? To lose the EU + its 61 trade deals with others - half of world GDP  - for a chance to negotiate with protectionist US,China and India? Mad. 
'DUP Chief 'ready for no-deal Brexit'If you haven't already joined the dots, it's time you opened your eyes.  The DUP have always been ready for a no-deal Brexit, it's been their aim from the outset!No-deal Brexit = hard border  
“The EU has already offered us a Canada-style, zero-tariffs trade agreement..,We must reset our negotiating strategy immediately and deliver a Brexit that meets the demands of the referendum and the interests of the British people.”  
David Davis has issued a dramatic call to cabinet ministers to stage a mutiny against Theresa May to kill her Brexit plan. 
They think we are joking not knowing that no amount of political position will stop us from conducting our referendum. The zoo called Nigeria played Libya yesterday and this happened. All hail Biafra, we are fearless before our enemies and our freedom is not negotiable.  
Brexit on Theresa May's terms would be the worst of all worlds, writes @DanielJHannan 
Are we going to see an American style approach to employment rights Post Brexit?Unpaid Annual LeaveNo Maternity PayNo Right to strikeEtc etc 
Restructuring refers to a whole lot and I believe in specifics.Exclusive vs concurrent list, fiscal federalism, derivation principle, LG autonomy, resource control, referendum, etc, and most of the work wrt modifying these things actually lies with the Legislature. 
"Believe in the UK!" cries the UK while deliberately, needlessly and incompetently making the UK poorer, weaker, more isolated, less welcoming and less safe."Just get on with it!" cry the Brexiters in their zeal to do the above.Fuck off, say I.#Brexit #BrexitShambles 
It’s time to now insist on a No Deal.************************************Brexit: David Davis calls for cabinet rebellion over PM's plan  
Brexit. It’s time for an end to illusions. May must choose between the backstop and her country.  
Brexit fanatics go for brokeAndrea Leadsom: small companies should be governed by “absolutely no regulation whatsoever – no minimum wage, no maternity or paternity rights, no unfair dismissal rights, no pension rights”#PeoplesVoteMarch next Saturday 
We're gonna have an English Brexit that was voted for because Xenophobia & Flag waving Eng Nationalism were more important to them than Scotland, as ever.The type of Brexit will be decided by a bigoted party in N Ireland that bases policies on outdated ideology & Sectarianism 
.@DavidDavisMP: “We must reset our negotiating strategy immediately and deliver a Brexit that meets the demands of the referendum and the interests of the British people.” 
This is the Brexiters last chance for dragging the UK out of Europe. Demographics & history are against them: that’s why they’re desperate. We can beat them! “The Brexit fanatics go for broke. This is their chance of counter-revolution | Nick Cohen  
He’s not wrong folks, tick tock  |Britain's richest young entrepreneur is desperate for Brexit so the UK can escape Europe before it collapses  via @businessinsider 
Brexit this is your history!  
I don't understand why #Leavers are so against the EU. The EU has agreed many employment and other rights that the people of the UK enjoy. The UK didn't chose secure these rights before it joined the EU and the Tories want to remove them after #Brexit.Remaining makes sense. 
Just as May finally gets a #Brexit plan together that is acceptable to the EU, Davis urges cabinet mutiny.Whose interest is he acting in? 
Quentin Letts in the @Telegraph: Barnier is amazed by how supine the British have been. ‘Our Establishment’s strategy has been this: aim for such a diluted Brexit that Boris Johnson (the man who terrifies them) has nothing to celebrate on March 29 next year’. @Facts4euOrg 
21 times @theresa_may promised she would take us out of the single market and the customs union. Right now, she’s looking like the biggest liar on the planet. #Brexit  
When the captain is steering your ship onto the rocks, mutiny is the only prudent course of action: 'Brexit: David Davis calls for cabinet rebellion over PM's plan'  
Theresa May v Boris Johnson- a #Brexit film set in Derry .... The editing in this is spectacular.  
I see Esther McVey and Andrea Leadsom are threatening to leave the government if they don't get their way on Brexit. Doubtless the entire nation, unable to bear so great a loss, will rally behind them. 
In the Sunday Times, David Davis condemns “completely bogus” threats by May’s team that they’ll call an election if Tory MPs don’t back her Brexit deal. This shows why he’s right ...  
Labour policy is to support a "me too" Brexit resulting in 4% lead for Tories. Voters won't switch from Tory loons unless Labour offers a real choice; delay Art50, public enquiry into frauderendum & #PeoplesVote. 
#quote "A BREXIT deal between the UK + the EU is set to be finalised TODAY + presented to the Cabinet early next week, leaked documents appear to suggest"If true, it is difficult to believe a British PM cd act in this way + be allowed to remain in office. 
My @StandardKenya Column  Politicians bullying us into a rushed referendum @Maskani254 @WanjikuRevolt @WanjeriNderu @JFJustice @katibainstitute @KLandalliance @okothkenneth 
As my little bird informed, EU rejected Chequers, but now remains undecided UK in or not in Customs Union, Brexit teeters at same time Merkel's coalition may crumble,as she blocks choice of successor, German leadership teetering. Salvini poised to plunge Italian knife in EU heart 
As @PMOIndia said earlier this year, @cityoflondon is of “great importance to India”, and will remain so after Brexit. Read my @EconomicTimes article on how we can take the UK-India relationship to the next level. 
Good luck. I'm also having to make changes in my (UK) business because of Brexit. I'm Irish so it was easier for me than for many others. It's amazing that UK "patriots" want to cause such harm to their country. Best wishes. 
My article in  , Oct 14, 2018.Civic polls in J&K are a referendum against #Article35A , #Article370 , against Farooq Abdullah,Against @OmarAbdullah Against @MehboobaMufti Against @cpimspeak Against PakistanAgainst Geelanis, Mirwaizs and Maliks . 
Think of it as a "hard american brexit" from the international community and a commitment to abuse Americans here at home 
So the November election is basically a referendum on fascism, yeah? Whether or not we want fascism for the next 40-50 years. 
Brexit may make Scots keener on independence. But it also makes independence harder  
With Brexit the Scottish independence looks much more probable as the UK won’t be able to vote against Scotland joining the EU, unlike Catalan v. Spain.  
Arlene Foster has said that the DUP are ready for a no deal Brexit which they regard as the most likely outcome. It does indeed seem to be going that way, especially if the cabinet takes up David Davis’s advice to rebel. 
If a Brexit deal is done, it would presage a 21-month transition period during which the trade agreement should be finalised  
Brexit: David Davis calls for cabinet rebellion over PM's plan  
I believe in my country. Brexit made me do that. Saor Alba  
"Something had to give, and it is now crystal clear that our political system simply cannot cope with something as challenging as Brexit. This is like the winter storm which brings down the tree that has rotted from the inside."  
Atiku and buhari, Ohanaeze and south east governors. Nigeria and British. UN and Eu. We need Referendum and the total Freedom of Biafra not election. We have been voting for more than 58 years now and nothing is working in that zoo country call Nigeria. We are Biafra not Nigeria.  
The review of an agreement between American Airlines and European carriers is in part an unintended consequence of Brexit  
Brexit Negotiators Poised To Miss Deal Deadline As UK Hardliners Rebel  
A clear message to Theresa May. Her weak Brexit plans are deeply unpopular with her own ministers and party, and are doomed to fail.   
Labour should be fifteen points ahead and would be but for a useless front-bench and Brexit confusion.  
This article is certainly some fast-acting trollbait. 
David Davis urges Tory MPs to break with May's Brexit plan.  
Brexit: most doctors and nurses now think NHS will get worse  
No deal Brexit is ‘LIKELIEST OUTCOME’ - DUP leader makes SHOCK claim in leaked emails  
Sick to death of #Brexiters whingeing on about how #Remain backers seek to 'Thwart/Reverse/#StopBrexit'Listen you wazzocks a #PeoplesVote can't thwart #Brexit unless a maj of voters want it stopped; if that's so then democratically we must #RevokeA50 no?Are you brain dead?! 
Brexit: David Davis calls for cabinet rebellion over PM's plan  
Please everyone...try to understand unless we #RevokeA50 & #Brexit is stopped before the 29/03/19We Will Leave the EU...no ifs...no buts..no maybes.Don't be duped by deals/transitions..we will have passed the point of no return.#PeoplesVote NOW! #FBPE 
The French fell again - w/o even putting up a fight! #LePen was their last hope...#France Will Not Honor Hero Cop Who Sacrificed Himself in Islamist Attack - It May Offend Muslims!#ArrestSoros #StopMuslimInvasion #Brexit #MEGA  via @gatewaypundit 
Strange in spain how the estimated numbers of protesters are important but a referendum to verify the facts is not...& wtf were the army doing there, even the goat looked worried ! 
Another #brexit LIE debunked...- London, not Brussels, controls British #fishing quotas- Five families 'own' a third of the British quota- These 'family concerns' are driving smaller fishermen out of business#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
READ: Clear majority of Drs & nurses think NHS will deteriorate after #Brexit. Not the £350m promised. #PeoplesVote:  
Leaked emails reveal DUP chief Arlene Foster ‘ready for no-deal #Brexit’.Because an economic catastrophe engineered by a tiny party specialising in political blackmail is so much more democratic than a #PeoplesVote.#Marr 
As consensus on #Brexit remains out of reach, former Foreign Secretary Boris the Clown re-emerges to cause ever-increasing friction for @theresa_may and the kids of Londonderry - by Huw Parkinson (@rabbitandcoffee) @BorisJohnson @jeremycorbyn @Conservatives @UKLabour #Insiders 
You were lied to. #ScareTheEnglishIn4Words #Brexit  
As we always knew, their "long game" was a long con to get Brexit.“Multiple Labour MPs have told The Independent they’re prepared to support the Brexit agreement May hopes to bring back from Brussels.”Make that "whatever Brexit" ... at whatever cost.  
— the UK Government’s “false choice” between a “bad, possibly blindfold” Brexit deal and a no-deal scenario should not be accepted. 
Michael Gove promised “we will be in control of the seas” after Brexit. But our new investigation shows that just a few rich families control huge amounts of fishing quota, leaving small-scale fishers “struggling to make a living”.  
Essentially everting @BarryGardiner says here is untrue. The referendum wasn’t the decision. It was advisory. It was blind. The principle point also falls away.   
"Austerity is over!", claims dancing Theresa May3,2m families having their #UniversalCredit slashedAnd the UK about to be cut to Jason pieces by #Brexit   
For two years he had responsibility for negotiating a better deal.  He couldn’t do it.  Now David Davis urges cabinet mutiny to kill Theresa May's Brexit Plan.  The only alternative is #remain. 
FOR. FUCK. SAKE. @UKLabour !!!!Jesus fucking wept just OPPOSE. BREXIT !!!And if someone says "But actually the six tests..." I will block you, if the six tests had any fucking value Labour would already oppose Brexit openly, they're a fucking fudge & completely meaningless !  
Lord Howe, MOD Brexit minister who mixed up EU military acronyms in front of defence MPs, has put the UK into Macron’s half-baked European Intervention Initiative, EI2.MPs weren’t told EI2’s link to PESCO and EU Defence Policy or that it’s Macron’s ‘Key to European Sovereignty’.  
"Turkey to join EU""EU threatens British cuppa"Vote Leave actually said these things in Facebook ads to scare the English.Both completely untrue.#ScareTheEnglishIn4Words #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
A no deal Brexit is clearly the best outcome from this point. To be honest it’s what I & many others have wanted from the very start. Right and proper the DUP should prepare for that. #Brexit  
I'm very excited to be there with @YoungTories4PV, marching for my future, and the future of the youth of the UK. Yes, we're Conservatives and we normally don't do this sort of thing, but #Brexit's the exception. We must make our voices heard so people know we exist. #C4PV 
“David Davis has issued a dramatic call to cabinet ministers to stage a mutiny against Theresa May to kill her Brexit plans.”  
63 Tory MPs concerned by the leaking of #ProjectFear forecasts have written to the Treasury calling on it to “publish the cross-Whitehall Brexit analysis & underlying models so that experts from all sides can study its methodology”#StandUp4Brexit 
Suggestions this evening that Ruth Davidson has threatened to resign if Northern Ireland gets a special Brexit deal. Resign from what exactly? She holds no ministerial office. Maybe she's looking for an out as Scottish Tory leader before a snap election exposes the Ruth myth. 
PEAK CHEQUERS: It's now time for the real deal no deal hard Brexit. It's called democracy and it's what The British People voted for in a huge landslide majority even post-rigging. Implment or kill democracy. It's that simple.  
David Davis urges cabinet mutiny to kill PM's Brexit plans  
Graham Norton on #Brexit as a peculiarly British disaster:"Well, I said I was hungry enough to eat my foot. So I'm GOING TO EAT MY FOOT!"#PeoplesVote 
The Observer front page, Sunday 14 October 2018: Leaked emails reveal DUP chief ‘ready for no-deal Brexit’  
WATCH: Huw Parkinson's take on Brexit#Insiders #auspol @rabbitandcoffee 
One thing will save Theresa May and the Tories - rebel Labour MPs helping vote Brexit through.Difficult to assess how much in here is correct - I know for a fact some of it isn’t - but nobody serious about Labour being in govt can countenance this.  
Most doctors and nurses believe the claim Brexit would boost the NHS by £350m a week was a 'deliberate lie', poll finds  
#Corbyn has not uttered one word on #Brexit Crisis  in last 7 days#Corbyn has not uttered one word on the scandalous  lack of Police Activity in the #Frauderendum Remind me again why people are clinging onto incompetent #Labour? 
I’ve spoken to a handful of companies (12)  who engaged early with Brexitproofing. They’re truly facing towards Europe now, turned away from natural dependence on Britain, and thriving. It’ll be bloody tough but #Brexit could be the making of many  
Pity more business persons aren't like you Deborah and speaking up about Brexit shambles.  
Every MP should write a similar letter. The issue should be *who has not written to the PM, not someone else has. Brexit is a scandal, not democracy. 
If the likes of Umunna Phillips Hodges and co votes for May's #ChequersPlan after all they said about #Corbyn backing #Brexit all the marching with the FBPE gang they would have sold themselves out like true #Tories and a big fat told you so from the rest of us who saw it coming 
My view on No Deal for @euronews from July this year has not changed. It is not an option. UKGov should rule it out now, and if not, Parliament must stop it. Avoiding national disasters is their most basic role.No Deal Brexit isn't an option | View  
Can't see it properly but it looks like Ruth and Mundell 'threaten' to resign if Scotland is to be spared the worst of Brexit chaos and disaster. I'd say that is a deal I'd be more than happy to settle for.....  
PM says no to permanent EU customs union membership. Well, there's a relief. #Brexit means leaving the customs union and the single market - in March 2019. End of story.  
Theresa May’s plans for Brexit betray the election manifesto and the referendum terms:  #BrexitBetrayal 
Final Say: Army of 10,000 young people to lead major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum 
... “I cannot for the life of me see how she can get any sort of deal done with Brussels that stands the slightest chance of passing through parliament.” ... Has Theresa May finally run out of Brexit road? 
The European Union keeps unskilled wages low and housing costs high for the young, poor and working class. Anyone who hates Brexit hates the working class. 
Dear God, this is like dealing with children. No, it isn’t. Take some responsibility for your own actions. For once #brexit  
DUP chief ‘ready for no-deal Brexit’: "not clear whether Foster was seeking to threaten the govt or simply inform it of her plans."So.Worth a reminder that most preferred option in NI is for soft UK Brexit (Garry et al. 2018)   
This is #Spain: There was a violent rebellion based on ... nothing, and the independence referendum in Scotland never happened. Do you feel safe in such corrupted rule of law? 
It's likely Theresa May will need Labour MP''s to pass her job destroying, zombie Brexit.If you're considering it, go and read a book. Remind yourself what we stand for. Re-learn our history. Remind yourself why you entered politics in the first place. 
I’m sure @gareth_snell @RuthSmeeth and @CarolineFlintMP would never dream of backing the #Tories and harming both #Britain and the #Labour party. The claims made about them backing Theresa May on #brexit are, no doubt, incorrect  
My three year old toddler son told me this evening that he was having bogies for dinner, so he’s better prepared for a no deal Brexit than the government is.  
Honored by the shoutout, @carolecadwalla! Great article & much deserved praise for the groundbreaking work of @EliotHiggins & @bellingcat, along w/ some of my favorite fellow researchers @conspirator0, @MikeH_PR, @WendySiegelman, @J_amesp & @brexit_sham. 
David Davis is urging senior ministers to rebel against Theresa May over Brexit. The man served two years as Brexit secretary and never delivered a plan - let alone a workable plan. 
When the NHS is *already* short of 42k nurses & 10k doctors, nothing could be worse for the NHS than ploughing ahead with a plan that’s already driving staff away in droves.No wonder 75% of doctors & nurses oppose Brexit. #PeoplesVote 
Has he ever sat down and written on a piece of paper how his version of Brexit could be delivered without a hard border in NI? Or without damaging the economy? 
I know we're all terrified of Julia Hartley-Brewer's whirling her costume jewellery like a mace, Nigel Farage driving his Volvo into Big Ben and Jacob Rees-Mogg getting jolly batey but Brexit really can be stopped and should be, because it would ruin millions of lives. 
"Ready"?? You mean planning!!Leaked emails reveal DUP  chief ‘ready for no-deal Brexit’  
Arlene Foster has told Theresa May that the DUP are ready to trigger a no deal Brexit and now regard this as the likeliest outcome following a “difficult and hostile” meeting with Michel Barnier  
Sunday Times reporting Mundell & Davidson threatening to resign if NI treated differently for #Brexit fearing that Scotland would demand same. In other words they actually want their UK party to impose massive job losses & economic damage on the country they are elected to serve 
A warning to MPs. If you force through a #Brexit obtained by lies, hate, electoral crime, cheating, gerrymandering and the interference of Russia and US big money, then the growing Remain majority will see to it that you are prosecuted for crimes against democracy.  #StopBrexit 
Now that Brexit has been revealed, not only as a complete lie but one that was illegally pushed through, we should be united in outrage against corrupt politicians.I don't blame those who voted Leave. I blame the frauds that deliberately mis-sold it and those still pushing it. 
BRITAIN has stitched up a secret Brexit deal with EU chiefs, it has been reported.Seems as though terms will be agreed with Brussels — BEFORE the Cabinet has seen themPRITI PATEL rages: "If the details are true, it stinks"Theresa May is a DISGRACE  
Leaked emails reveal DUP chief ‘ready for no-deal Brexit’  
Two and a half years on the man who bills himself as Mr Brexit doesn’t know how to make it happen  
This is a political Tsunami - ministers prepared to resign from all Brexit sides & opinions  
Well I've been in a bar and challenged three brexitersy(i was on my own) to give me their #Brexit benefits,all i heard was stop the Polish, i said why? One said, well they're foreign, i had to walk away before i smashed his fucking face in, #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote, i was angry. 
Has Theresa May finally run out of Brexit road?  
Exclusive: Tory Eurosceptics write open letter in major show of strength ahead of Brexit backstop decision  
Maybe if the “Stop Brexit” crowd had spent the last 2 years lobbying these guys instead of attacking Corbyn...  
The worst prime minister in Living memory, reeling from the worst domestic crisis since WW2 (#brexit) ... and still Labour cannot capitalise on this Tory mess. Has voting Labour ever been so pointless?!  
Any @UKLabour MP supporting @Theresa_May will never be forgiven. cc. @gareth_snell @RuthSmeeth @CarolineFlintMP We desperately need a Labour Government.If you vote for her deal, keeping her in power, and allowing a destructive Brexit then you will lose your seats at the GE.  
Our deadly cabbage of a leader has damned us to a miserable Brexit defeat' | via @telegraph 
I am attending the march next Saturday as I have every March since June 2016. Those that hoped we would lose interest and conform got it seriously wrong just as Brexit is wrong. Wrong is wrong and time does not change that. See you all on Saturday rain, hail or shine #PeoplesVote 
Rumours continue that members of the cabinet are considering resigning to force May change course on Brexit. Remember, Cameron said the referendum was supposed to settle the question of Europe - has done anything but!Total chaos!! 
#Brexit : @ShippersUnbound reports that Scottish Secretary @DavidMundellDCT & @RuthDavidsonMSP will resign if Northern Ireland faces new controls that separate it from GB - as it could fuel case for #Indyref2 
Can @gareth_snell and @CarolineFlintMP tell us why they would vote against the EEA and vote for a Tory Brexit?We are gobsmacked any Labour MP would vote to make their constituents poorer and hand their freedoms, rights and protections over to Mrs May. 
The choice will not be 'No Deal Vs May's Deal'. Any MP who says so is dancing to the tune of No10 press team.Once May's deal is defeated, parliament takes control.#Labour MPs will then have the chance to vote for a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit is not inevitable  
OMG!!We have always assumed that the ERG wanted to take us back to 1971, before we joined the EEC.We were wrong!!!It's 1871 they want to take us back to!!!!!The Brexit fanatics go for broke. This is their chance of counter-revolution 
The way the EU(SSR) has behaved since the referendum has made me realise I was absolutely correct to leave this political experiment. Additionally I watch the unsustainable debt problem and the Eastern states being dictated to by the unelected liberal ideologues. @GaryLineker 
With the best will in the world, I genuinely cannot comprehend how this shit shower of ministers are nosediving us all into a no deal Brexit and the Conservatives are still polling as more trusted than Labour to lead negotiations.  
Some Labour MPs are saying they will help the Tories push through #Brexit. They are cowards preferring to grovel at the feet of Murdoch, Rees-Mogg and Farage rather than protecting the poor and vulnerable from the harm Brexit will do to them. #PeoplesVote 
Leaked emails are said to reveal that the @duponline’s Arlene Foster is ready to trigger a no deal Brexit after a ‘hostile and difficult’ meeting last week with EU lead negotiator, Michel Barnier#StandUp4Brexit 
#DNC mirror party in #Macedonia, @SDSMakedonija used 50 million @USAID in a #NameChange campaign only to #FAIL in september 30th #referendum.Money loundered and spent on a #Soros genocidal experiment to erase #Macedonian nation.What do #USA #taxpayers have to say?#Бојкотирам 
You do realise that your tweet is riddled with lies: 1. @theSNP has already accepted the result of 2104 4 years ago. 2. Scotland voted 62% Remain in 2016. 3. @theSNP are not calling for a #Brexit re-run. There fixed your lies for you! 
I will find it hard to vote for any ‘second’ EU referendum unless there are guarantees that Scotland’s decision will be respected next time. If we don’t we compromise the right for our whole national view to be respected in the future. 
OBSERVER: Leaked emails reveal DUP Chief ‘ready for no deal Brexit’ #tomorrowspaperstoday 
When/if Brexit happens Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership will be blamed. If only he could see the damage continually fudging the issue of our times is doing. If May calls an election Labour will lose - and he and Seamus will carry the can.  
Boris: 'Only way to put things back on the right track is to ditch Backstop & Chuck Chequers!Govt well understands how weak backstop makes its future negotiating hand.If we let this go it will be the greatest national humiliation since Suez.'#Brexit #EU 
Tories take four-point lead over Labour despite Brexit troubles  
The right will destroy anything - including itself- in its push for an extreme Brexit - Me in @ObserverUK 
By refusing to accept the results of the Scottish Independence and EU referendums; and by calling for #IndyRef2 and a Brexit referendum re-run the SNP are showing themselves to be the world’s worst losers.  
There are 315 Conservative MPs at Westminster. It looks like only 39 may rebel against the May betrayal of Brexit. What an odious bunch the rest of them are - putting party before country and the EU before the UK. 
Excellent piece on Brexit from ⁦@NickCohen4⁩:“It was a howl of rage... from all who could not make their peace with the sexual revolution of the 1960s, the environment science of the 1980s and the multiculturalism of the 2000s.”  
Labour MPs reveal they are ready to rescue Theresa May's #Brexit deal in Commons vote.The UK is effectively being run by a Tory-Labour coalition.  
There's only one mafia in town, we're the good guys and it's #EUflagMafia And we're up for a total fight on brexit till it's dead in the water, lies exposed, country saved. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
brilliant news from todayLabour sister party backs 'People's Vote' on Brexit deal in challenge to Jeremy Corbyn |  
Why are Tory ministers allowed to change their minds about Brexit but not the British public? @GaryLineker @mrjamesob @jayrayner1 @brianmoore666 @RachelSJohnson @queenchristina_ @susannareid100 @jk_rowling @PeterDavison5 @DeborahMeaden @HackedOffHugh @eddiemarsan @GabbyLogan  
I am reminded by the current sell out of Brexit by Tory MPs that the vast majority of Tory MPs who backed Brexit only came out for Leave a few weeks before the Referendum. Not many were  principled long-term campaigners and we are now seeing the impact of that. 
How we stopped Brexit destroying Britain — By the Labour Party ... yet to be recorded  
Brexit 
OK.  Today I think I heard the daftest reason for voting for Brexit.It’s because when she was a kid and the U.K. went over to decimal currency her pocked money that had been 6d would no longer buy a comic or sweets like before.  Her dad raised their pocket money to 5p -double 
And who will be blamed? The Tories!! Wake up Conservative MPs and smell the coffee. If you don't check with the British People then Tories will be punished by voters. It's utterly deluded to think the British people will thank or appreciate Tories for #Brexit  
The genius of Graham Norton here is that he made the "British" proud of themselves and the Irish and rest of world mock ... Tragic actually!! #Brexit  
Congratulations to @PeteNorth303, whose research and commentary on Brexit is a hundred times better researched and more compelling than his closest competitor in the "prestige" media. Citizen bloggers get no reward, but they do inform the debate, even when unacknowledged.  
If a People's Vote does go wrong and people vote for Brexit anyway, we'll be no worse off than we are now.And Brexit won't be any easier to deliver just because people voted for it again. It'll just make the people's wrath greater when it all goes catastrophic. 
I was actually thinking of burning my own house down tonight because we survived the great fire of London in 1666 
I could listen to @lara_spirit kicking ass on Brexit all day!   
I'm still looking forward to the celebratory Brexit stamps featuring the Minister for Suicide, the Minister for Food Supply, the M20/M26 lorry parks and HMs Mobile Livestock Slaughterhouse.#PeoplesVote 
"but what can @uklabour do about #Brexit? They're not in power"Well, their Leader could show some leadership and demand to know why the Met police are sitting on a criminal investigation into Vote Leave because of "political sensitivities" for a startNot a peep from Corbyn  
Irish people in the U.K. - the way Brexit is going it will harm each and every one of you, and all your folks back home. You have a legitimate stake in this. Make your voice heard. Join the @peoplesvote_uk march a week today 
This is an excellent video featuring many Leave voters that have become  #RemainerNow. As the facts become clearer, people are changing their minds on #Brexit. And that is one of the many reasons why we should have a #PeoplesVote. Let’s see if the country really wants this. 
Brexit is "egregious self-harm" and "a pretty awful situation," Lord Patten says  
Are you concerned about the effect Brexit will have on the NHS, Jeremy?Does it bother you that the Met won't investigate Leave campaign illegality? 
So that's both @andrealeadsom and @BorisJohnson leading the charge towards what they have both acknowledged will be incredibly damaging to the UK.And people think #Brexit is patriotic?Absolute charlatans, the pair of them. 
Boris: May's Brexit Deal Would Be 'Greatest National Humiliation Since Suez'  
As so often recently @NickCohen4 is spot on:"Men and women whose views I respect are warning that a people’s vote on the final Brexit deal could backfire. [...] I have  no idea if they are right, but then they don’t either [...] however, I know this: it’s worth a try." 
I am blown away by @GibraltarFA ‘s great win over Armenia & @Gib_Netball’s great win over Malta. So #Proud.  As I lift my head from the #Brexit negotiations & prepare for the final stretch, these great sporting achievements are a phenomenal inspiration! #Gibraltar #TeamGibraltar 
These are the questions that should be asked HERE @metpoliceuk @BBCBreaking @bbclaurak @afneil @MarrShow @Peston 
The EUs biggest fear from Brexit is the U.K. becoming competitive again, they’ve made that perfectly clear. The idea that any PM would allow the EU to decide whether we can leave a customs union is ridiculous, it would sign us into purgatory. #StandUp4Brexit 
Our deadly cabbage of a leader has damned us to a miserable Brexit defeat' | via @telegraph 
Hi Jeremy, it might be wise to ask the Prime Minister what ‘political sensitivities’ are forcing the Met Police to stall investigations into Brexit. Your members, from my own conversations at Labour Party Conference, are very concerned about the illegality of Brexit. 
The threat Brexit poses is not simply economic, or diplomatic, it is existential. Brexit risks tearing our country apart at the seams, especially the form our government is pursuing.Help us save Britain:  
"..we will deliver on the Brexit that we promised" says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. Which one was that JRM? The one that's turning whimpering @TomTugendhat's Kent garden into a lorry park? The one that's threatening the livelihoods of my musician sons because of the loss of free movement? 
Bastards of BrexitMogg, Gove, Johnson, Fox, Neil, Patel, Hannan, Farage, Banks.Morons of BrexitJenkin, Cleverly, Giles Fraser, Hartley-Brewer, Dorries, Davis, Raab, Hoey, Stuart, IDS.Non-exhaustive but I still think dupes outnumber the purely malevolent. 
Actually, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and @Nigel_Farage there's a big problem with no deal:- NHS staffing and medicine crisis- Brexit recession- Hard border in Ireland- Planes grounded... and probably the end of the United Kingdom.But you know, you keep drinking in 'Spoons.  
 Which ex-Government minister has just broken down in tears doing a newspaper interview about Brexit? 
It's ironic that while the Tories constantly bleat on about respecting the "will of the people" over Brexit, they were quite happy to ride roughshod over the "will of the people" when they pressed ahead with #fracking in Lancashire. 
@IanDunt @JasonJHunter @gavinesler @mrjamesob Trying to explain Brexit to 8 yo son this pm. After a lot of questions, with me trying to offer simple explanations, he concluded ‘Well that sounds completely dumb. It’s like a superhero just giving away all his powers’.  
I believe if you participate in a democratic Referendum, you abide by the rules. There was criminality, and so the 2016 referendum wasn't democratic. Journalists should be screaming about this, but many are complicit with the criminals.  
If Brexit as we voted for isn't delivered what should happen is this. I am old enough to remember the Poll Tax the country went into Anarchy over this and it finally got scrapped. This Brexit vote is the biggest Democratic vote in a generation, and if not delivered Anarchy again. 
I’ve noticed the Tories ‘fake news unit’ hasn’t had the chance to look at itself as yet. We could start with Boris Johnson’s BS bus, then on to Jeremy Hunt’s NHS data, not forgetting the Brexit impact assessments from David Davis & then there’s Theresa May’s homelessness data... 
Once again experts for the British car industry are warning about the damage #Brexit poses to jobs and the wider supply chain.With a 20 per cent fall in sales last month the Tory Brexit mess is punishing the car industry.  
Now that Gary Lineker is a political campaigner please remove him as presenter of Match Of The Day. I disagree strongly with his views on Brexit and can no longer stand watching him present the football. His continuing employment by the BBC is totally inappropriate.@BBCSport 
Chris Riddell on behind Theresa May’s assertion that austerity is over lurk the horrors of universal credit, Brexit and the DUP – political cartoon gallery in London  
My prized Thing toy I found in some intense comic shop before a gig three years ago, is Brexit.  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage on top form in Torquay: "The truth is that when Mrs May says 'Brexit means Brexit' what she actually means is Brexit means Remain."Sounds a lot like you circa 2016 @sarahwollaston. 
Gibraltar is trending in GlasgowThought it might be something important to do with BrexitNopeFootball"... football, beer and above all, gambling filled up the horizon of their minds. To keep them in control was not difficult.” Orwell 
Can't agree with your analysis @ajcdeane. May has handled these negotiations about as badly from the UK point of view as it's been possible to do. She's been a disaster and has squandered an historic opportunity to deliver an authentic and positive Brexit.  
Due to Brexit.We are  leaving  the UK. Our company sells luxury cosmetics.70% of our customers  are in the EU.  It took me 10 years to establish our customer base. I won't  be spending  another  10 years looking for new customers in Africa or S.America as suggested by brexiters. 
Jeremy Corbyn under fresh pressure to back a final say Brexit referendum from sister party  
Is it too much to ask Foreign Office to fly the flag?Surprised to see Union flag missing.All other buildings on that street proudly fly their country’s flag, but not British Residence!Hope not a sign of complete capitulation by Olly Robbins!#Brexit #EU 
Why hasn't Theresa May ever mentioned this? It certainly makes you wonder.BRITAIN'S SECRET BREXIT WEAPON: UK can secure 10-year TARIFF-FREE trade if no EU deal  
Often get the q:“Alex, what’s your view on where #Brexit is now?”Here it is in two minutes.  
Things that Brexit isn't like, part 94: a World Cup semi-final. Previous entrants include: a cricket toss (Geoff Boycott), escaping the USSR (Jeremy Hunt), paying the congestion charge (Boris Johnson), Dunkirk/any WW2 thing (Nigel Farage), boiling an egg (Jacob Rees-Mogg).  
If the Irish border solution is proving to be tricky in the Brexit negotiations, it’s nothing compared to what the government will experience with Gibraltar. 
The Brexit fanatics go for broke. This is their chance of counter-revolution | Nick Cohen  
 via @telegraphnews As an ex-negotiator I despair. We have gratuitously yielded to EU negotiating positions as if they were holy writ; let the Irish tail wag the UK dog; committed to paying vast sums of money; and traduced the referendum result. Shameful. 
Man on the pub table next to me is holding forth to his friends insisting Labour policy is to campaign a second Brexit referendum. Want to charge in and shout “don’t you know the composite was more complicated than that?!” #alloptionsonthetable 
Good to see that 77% of Tory Party members would be prepared to throw away peace in Northern Ireland just to get their flappy BREXIT high. Nice to know they don't give a shit about the deaths of Airey Neave, Anthony Berry & Ian Gow, all Tory MPs murdered by the IRA. Really... 
Run out of time last night, but caught this on the 11.30pm too.@ajcdeane gives a very clear explanation on the "open ended" #Backstop arrangement & how it just is not #Brexit.#SkyPapers (1/2) 
Let's assume brexit happens (unlikely but...)UK exporters still have to produce goods to EU standards if they want to sell them to 27 countries.And they'll have no say. None. #StopBrexit #peoplesvote 
Please all come with friends and family. Youth are particularly welcome as it is their future peace, happiness and prosperity which is at stake in a Brexit Britain.  
I am disgusted that our police have refused to investigate Russian interference in the Brexit referendum. @metpoliceuk have taken an openly political stance here and must investigate lawbreaking without FEAR OR FAVOUR according to their oath of office. 
Health secretary Matt Hancock received £32k from the chairman of the IEA think tank which critics say is trying to “abolish the NHS”. The IEA is based at #55TuftonSt along with a bunch of other #Brexit backing and climate science denying think tanks. 
Boris is constantly accused of not believing in anything but who has fought harder for the kind of #Brexit sketched out by @Vote_Leave? No one. 
READ: Next weekend young people from across the country will travel to London to lead our #PeoplesVoteMarch to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal:  
First thing Piers you abide by the rules because if you don't the result is irrelevant, you can't claim to believe in democracy if you're happy to accept results obtained through fraudulent ballots, can you? 
‘Danton supposedly said, as he passed Robespierre’s house on the way to his execution: “you will follow us shortly. Your house will be beaten down & sowed with salt”. I obviously now can’t vouch for what now passes between Brexit supporting leadership candidates’Sir Ivan Rogers 
Is it paranoid to think that this government is peparing to become a dictatorship? Their actions and rhetoric are pointing in that direction. One only has to start thinking about how they might abuse a no-deal state of emergency. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Extricating ourselves from the EU has always required astute strategic positioning.  Recent EU admission they’d scrap UK budget rebate and seek an EU army are a significant deterioration in the Remainiac position.  End game is less far away than May Brexit saga suggests 
This is quite something. Terrible reading for CCHQ. All feeds into a narrative that party needs a re-boot after Brexit and May isn’t the one for the job  
ALASTAIR CAMPBELL: There’s plenty we can all do to stop Brexit.. but do it now  
It's like me handing you a fiver every day & agreeing we'll stop it only when YOU want to. Why would you want it to stop?This Oily Robbins deal cannot be accepted, it is NOT #Brexit.  
KEEP GOING CHARLIE!!   Fight for your company and fight for us who believe in what you are doing.  @ObiWokKanobe @spaceangel1964 @brexit_sham @campbellclaret @BagladyM @ianw2000uk @SandraDunn1955 @ar_zimrathon @A50Challenge 
John Waters wants a no vote in the blasphemy referendum - so #voteyes to removing blasphemy from the constitution. 
Sir - A few days ago I received an email from Theresa May!She asked for money to help her election campaign & said she's delivering #BrexitI have NO intention of assisting her to be re-elected.Not only has she betrayed my trust in her, but now she is also lying to me!-Letters  
If the UK was run on the same democratic principles as the #EU, then #Brexit couldn't happen without the unanimous agreement of #England, #Wales, #Scotland and #NorthernIreland Read and share @Jon_Danzig’s comprehensive report. Link:  #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
Putting aside the immature rhetoric.. This is a case of the privileged few, playing "Russian roulette" with ppl's jobs/livelihoods. #Brexit  
Most people's priorities for the Met  Police: Knife crime, murder, acid attacks and all other crimes that are rampant under Sadiq Khan. Remoaner's priorities for the Met Police: Harass political campaigners for minor accounting errors#brexit  
Stephen Kerr MP just walked into the pub and an old guy at the bar in front of me went, “isn’t he that Tory brexit wanker” Seats on a shoogly peg I reckon. 
I think it time for the majority to consider what the course of action is once May has shown how she is going to keep us permanently in the EU. We have had two and a half years of bullshit, lies and tremendous expense and have got nowhere. Its time to wrap this brexit business up 
Jacob Rees-Mogg says 39 MPs ready to vote AGAINST May’s Brexit plan ‘we will NOT turn’ | Politics | News |  #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers ⁦@Jacob_Rees_Mogg⁩ 
We remain non party political but if it was true that voting in council by-elections stopped any independence referendum then unionist politicians up and down Scotland would resign to cause preventative by-elections. Of course they are not because this is rubbish.  
If the Conservatives deliver BRINO not BREXIT would you vote Conservative again (assuming that you have voted Conservative in the past at some point)? 
“I am not available for the referendum. I am busy consolidating the legacy of the president and the realisation of the Jubilee Manifesto. Let those pursuing it do so. My hands are full and I cannot be forced into it,” - @WilliamsRuto 
We know a happy nation is looking forward to the great opportunities #Brexit offers for a global Britain. Think of the opportunities to bond with your family and friends as you forage for food and learn to hunt and fish.  
To all MPs...There won’t be anywhere to hide post Brexit. The evidence is out there already. Your votes will be known. Your inaction noted. And you will be held accountable for what comes next, not Brussels, not Remainers, you..... Or you could support the #PeoplesVote 
If May's deal is defeated, Brexit can be stopped. The government is committed to tabling an amendment on how it intends to proceed. Parliament will vote on this as a motion. We can push for a People's Vote amendment on this motion.  
“I am not available for the referendum. I am busy consolidating the legacy of the president and the realisation of the Jubilee Manifesto. Let those pursuing it do so. My hands are full and I cannot be forced into it,” - @WilliamsRuto 
GOV WARNINGLet’s be clear,should @theresa_may  & the parliamentary delinquents keep us in the EU & Brexit in name only,the poll tax riots & the FBPE consortium with their marches would be insignificant compared to the sleeping juggernaut of 17.4 million people willing to rise up 
Theresa May is contemplating breaking with the Democratic Unionist Party to get her Brexit deal through parliament after relations between the parties worsened  
We met with Turkish citizens & NGOs in the UK. Our citizens here serve as a bridge of friendship between Turkey & the UK. During the Brexit process we will follow closely that the rights of the Turkish community deriving from Turkey-EU relations are respected.  
The lengths Remainers will go to stop Brexit know no bounds. You need to take a good hard look in the mirror before talking about dead British servicemen to make your arguments  
"Today’s findings from Women for a People’s Vote show that nothing has changed since the referendum – male MPs are still talking over women" - @SophieRunning 
Hey, @johnharris1969 - this is exactly what we've been doing in towns all #Cornwall for many months.We listen to everyone respectfully and very few - Leavers included - have anything good to say about the way #Brexit is turning out.#PeoplesVote 
If science loses, everybody loses. Read our #NoDeal #Brexit fact sheet  
Had an appointment last night with my MP regarding brexit. She is very much for brexit whilst frightened of the tory party but she did say she was becoming alarmed at how feeling was rising against the government and tory party. Write or go see your MP. It makes a difference. 
Britain Booms and extends its lead as the global king of currencies two years after Brexit vote  
"If the EU is a mafia-style organisation that says ‘if you want to leave we will kneecap you’ then all the better for leaving."@Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells Leave Means Leave rally Britain can handle potential chaos at the Channel ports after Brexit  
Don't you wish they'd mention the criminal cheating too, the absolute justification for a second referendum?  
Labour MPs dismiss reports of their support for Theresa May's Brexit plans as being "entirely fictional". Doomed to fail for lack of support from both sides of the House, the only viable way forward is a #PeoplesVote. 
To produce as many cars as it does, Nissan Sunderland needs to receive and fit 5million parts each day. Of these parts, 85% are imported, mainly from EU. The plant holds only enough JIT parts for half a day’s production.A No-deal #Brexit threatens 37K jobs in total. 
FURIOUS Jacob Rees-Mogg has described EU as a "mafia-organisation"  & urged Brexit-backers to be ready to "stand up to bullies" as he warned of possibility of a "punishment Brexit".@borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson 
Even the scum are reporting a million manual workers could have their jobs or wages cut in No-Deal #Brexit 
An independent Scotland could rejoin the European Union post-Brexit in as little as two years even if it refuses to adopt the euro, according to Britain’s longest-serving MEP  
Coming soon to a Welsh field near you. We're officially launching our bollocks to Brexit roadshow....  
Theresa May's short-term Brexit fix creates serious long-term problems for Britain, says the @Telegraph 
Couldn’t agree more Mr Corbyn. But I think you’d agree Brexit is the biggest issue facing our country and threatens to make austerity even worse. I find it surprising therefore that for the last 2 weeks you haven’t Tweeted anything about it? Can you explain?  
166 days until Exit.When Traitor May says she supports Brexit, what she actually means is stay.I'm not the only one who doesn't believe a word she says.#NationUnityDay is a public event organised by members of the public.Join in if you have had enough. 
Funny how you never once mentioned the word 'INDEPENDENCE' in your video @Nigel_Farage  - too busy conning people with tales of a better health service, better schools, higher wages and lower prices. All lies, just a mass deception. 
There is nothing remotely Conservative about #Brexit.This Saturday gives us a chance to send a message loud and clear to the government: we demand a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. Join us! 
UK FINANCIAL SERVICES SECTOR: Britain has extended its lead in the global currency trading business since it voted to leave the EU, in another sign London is likely to continue to be one of the world’s top two financial centres even after Brexit.  
DUP's Foster”I fully appreciate the risks of a 'no deal' Brexit but the dangers of a bad deal are worseThis backstop arrangement would not be temporary. It would be the permanent annexation of Northern Ireland away from the rest of the United Kingdom” 
Living in Belfast and fearful that Brexit will set in motion a return to violence. Beyond mindbending to be cast as the moaning, liberal elite by a guy called Giles in London. 
George Osborne - I certainly don't think there's some sort of #brexit bonus.. which you get some people talking about.. Philip Hammond. All International/domestic observers of the economy say the country will be worse off as a result of #Brexit.#peoplesvote #FBPE #C4News 
So soon the Home Office ALLOWS me to APPLY for settled status to stay in my home country & pay 60 GBP/person. My company is Scottish, I pay all taxes in the UK, my son feels Scottish (so do I) Brexit Britain for you. #brexit #DissolveTheUnion #scotref #indy2 
#OFOC's @lara_spirit and the #bbcaq audience show @VotePursglove how young people really feel about Brexit - and why it's time for a #PeoplesVote 
As @BorisJohnson points out, the idea that politicians can fudge their way through #Brexit with the intention of fixing it down the road is a total fantasy -  they have to get it right the first time.  #StandUp4Brexit @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart @andreajenkyns 
Graham Norton perfectly summed up British people's thoughts on Brexit  
Confused by DUP tactics on #Brexit? Look at DUP in NI. Unionism is losing its historic majority here, yet DUP antagonises the growing Catholic/Irish community rather than courting it. Despite strategic need for compromise, some in DUP double down, to oppose GFA. Unionism suffers. 
With the able assistance of Putin and Trump, western society is being disrupted and dismantled. Whether intended or not, Brexit is playing into that narrative. It’s a fallacy to imagine its opening up the world for Britain. It’s turning the EU into competitors not allies. 
Kenya, a referendum won't fix decades of tribal political conquest amongst godfathers. 
Has #brexit enabled/empowered "fuqwits"?. 
Ah yes, I see the real grownups are *squints* people taunting the losers of the referendum with “you are like babies” jokes two years after they won  
And Brexit is a socialist project?That’ll surprise those who lead and bankroll it. Come on the March on 20/10. Seriously. You’ll meet loads of Socialists and Christians who share your values. Far more than at a Leave Means Leave/Tommy Robinson rally. Join us for a discussion. 
In 1933 Germany had a referendum on membership of the League of Nations. Germany voted overwhelmingly to leave weakening the LN and leading inextricably to the annexation of Austria, invasion of Czechoslovakia and WW2. Many disagreed but luckily Hitler abided by the result.  
Brexit is no longer just a question of pro or anti-EU, it is a contest of democracy versus lies, propaganda, corruption & illicit foreign interference in UK voters' freedom of choice. There must be a public enquiry followed by a #PeoplesVote 
2019 ought to be seen as a referendum and there are basically two viewpoints. What @MBuhari represents which simply put - is not working and what @atiku represents which is to get Nigeria working again. It is that straightforward. 
The EU wants to punish the UK for voting to leave the EU & to make sure they keep control over our country & economy. No deal WTO Brexit gives the UK & gives us back control over our destiny..  
The @SouthBucks4EU team were out in Beaconsfield today talking to locals about #Brexit, the need for a #PeoplesVote and advertising the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Great that our local MP Dominic Grieve also joined us to make the @conservative4pv case.#brexitometer@AtStalls#FinalSay 
Almost no one agrees that Brexit will be good for the NHS... it’s heartbreaking we’re on course to self-destroy it   
Four years of nonsense about a "second referendum" killed off with one phrase. Will the Scottish media ever learn?  
Good to see @CoopParty support a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal at their #CoopsUnleashed annual party conference.All Co-op backed MPs should support this. All MPs should support this. Give the people a final say for all, with an option to stay and #StopBrexit. 
Mrs Foster has made clear that any Brexit deal in which Northern Ireland is treated separately to the rest of the UK would be unacceptable to her party and that this is a "blood red line"   
We have a small IT consultancy. BREXIT has cost us just shy of 200k. We needed to register in Ireland to keep EU access. We laid of the two UK staff and rented desk space in Spain. Anecdotal businesses are investing less 
The facts are that Brexit was won by criminal activity. This has been proven. Those responsible are still sitting in Downing Street. Cabinet ministers have gotten away with it. The police are being stalled. If we go forward with Brexit, our democracy will forever be tainted. 
In case you missed it, here is my argument for #Brexit and against the phoney #PeoplesVote. There is no greater threat to our freedom than the unaccountable career politician. 
.@Conservatives the 'wait & see' approach to May relentlessly sabotaging Brexit is destroying your party & more importantly betraying voters who lent you their trust. Get those letters into the 1922 Committee, today! 
So gullible people who believed that £350m a week to fund the NHS was part of Brexit dividend. Guess what? It's not. Guess what? Your taxes are going up. Guess what? Your enemy wasn't the EU it was the ones who sold you the lie. Guess what? We are screwed.  
Eva Green on Brexit, surviving in a sexist industry, Tim Burton dating rumours and drunk texting   
Notice also he's talking about 'WE' like it's the whole country instead of 37% of a gerrymandered electorate who were cheated out of an honest result by his LeaveEU and Vote Leave who should be getting investigated by the police but they're apparently too scared to act!!!! 
So why did we have a second referendum after we'd already had one in 1975? Was it because it was felt circumstances had materially changed. Like they have since 2016? 
I hope every MP will get this message loud & clear. Your job depends on you doing your job, i.e. protect the national interest. #Brexit is Russia's foreign policy. That should tell you all you need to know about it, but #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw should convince you if it doesn't. 
'Dodgy' Brexit deal will annex Northern Ireland from UK, Arlene Foster warns PM  
With Arlene Foster using the Anglo Irish Agreement (AIA) to make a Brexit warning to the PM I've been reading the Hansard of the AIA debates in 1985. These words from Ted Heath reach through the history.  
Central to #Brexit was the idea that UK must free itself from a problematic, bickering, divided, ailing, slow structure. Well, compare the EU’s unity, agility, professionalism and, actually, grace in the face of extreme provocation, to the utter shitshower that’s been our gov’t. 
This tweet from an MSP representing a party that's litteraly making business sign gagging orders to hide the impact of brexit. 
NO! Brits are tired of all this nonsense they've had enough!! Brexit transition period could be extended by another year, costing UK billions in extra payments to EU' | via @telegraph 
FP Exclusive: Portage and Main barriers may be ripped out regardless of referendum  #wpgpoli #PortageandMain 
If you believe that referendum was democratic, you're deluded.It's not about 'replaying it' until we win - it's about having an informed final say in a free and fair vote. 
Brexit if/how/when it happens has been handled atrociously by the Tories, if we end up with a no deal/hard Brexit & the Tories are still in power I am seriously worried, the combined impact will be catastrophic for many, many people. We need to seriously unite & fight to #GTTO 
Lord Heseltine - What does #brexit mean?.. I don't know what it means.. except that Britain is leaving the top table of #EU politics.. it's our #singlemarket.. it's our homebase.. it is where our power over centuries has lied & we are not going to be there!#peoplesvote #FBPE 
Another lovely person tells their story of life in the UK and how Brexit had upset her life. It’s tragic that wonderful people are made to feel so unwelcome. The NHS is doomed without such selfless people. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Remember when you first heard how the Nazis came to power in the 1930s and like all of us you said "How on earth did the German people allow that to happen"? Well everyone, including MPs supporting Brexit,are allowing the exact same thing to happen-but it will be worse this time 
Would you look at the state of that. Tories out showing off their vast array* of constructive policies again.Also, I am sure that Ben is capable and all, but he'll have to go some to stop a national referendum from the North Lanarkshire Council chamber! #Coatbridge*Singular 
Every part of the UK will get what they voted for with Brexit with UK government's plansEngland - Out of the EUWales - Out of the EUN Ireland - Out of EU but still in SM & CU and close tiesNot so much for Scotland. Voted overwhelmingly to Remain, dragged out anyway 
Turn off Any Answers when they promise to discuss if a young person's vote should count more because they'll live longer. That's such an imbecilic approach to democracy. Why not say terminally ill should have less votes?Why has Brexit led to so many losing all perspective? 
On this day in 1925, a certain lady was born. I wonder what she would have made of Brexit?  :  
The extent to which this has all been pushed to the margins of the Brexit conversation is terrifying.Services trade is complex, services schedules are unreadable and it's all generally confusing. I get it. Yet this has to be a part of the conversation and so far, it just isn't. 
You could go further and point to the fact that UKIP voters were a (winning) minority in the 2014 election which means that not only is it likely to be much more than just 3% (which would reverse Brexit result), but they elected the most unconstructive MEPs.Isn't maths fun....  
In that case, where’ve you been with the illegal over-spend by the Leave campaign over the EU referendum, then? And... are your journalists now actively chasing that story?Thanks.  
Seize a rare opportunity : the chance to reconsider with the benefit of hindsight! @GaryLineker makes a powerful point in favour of a #PeoplesVote on #brexit :  
Sick of Brexit? Join us and march against this chaotic Brexit next week >  
Almost done here in Arnold.Solid leaver territory in 2016, now the results speak for themselves.Leavers and remainers alike don't trust Teresa May on brexit.#PeoplesVote #nottingham 
The EU referendum was contaminated by Russian meddling, online psychological manipulation, racist lies, and massive breaches of election spending rules.It was a fraud on the nation.I do not respect the result, nor will I ever accept it.#PeoplesVote#bbcaq @lbc 
Portage and Main barriers may be ripped out regardless of referendum  
"Brexit gives young Brits great opportunities" says @VotePursglove blithely on #bbcaq - and forgets to mention that Leavers like him have actually taken away any automatic opportunities to live and work in 27 other countries, like I could. If I were them, I wouldn't forgive him. 
Dear Seumas Milne, why are you keeping @jeremycorbyn in a bubble ? Why are you brainwashing him that Labour can win the next GE whilst still supporting Brexit, which by default means Labour are supporting the Far right AND Far Left? Are you paid by Putin and/or Steve Bannon? 
Taking Tatiana to watch Coalville Town v Needham Market today. Nice bit of blue passport football, 4-4-2, big man/little man combinations, no diving, tough tackles. Stop off at the Fieldhead Hotel for dinner on the way back. Ham, egg and chips. Granite Brexit day out. Cheers bob 
New mega-poll says majority of Brits want to stay in EU  Good enough for me. The people have spoken, let's get #Brexit cancelled @theresa_may#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
We're already considerably poorer because of Brexit and we haven't left yet. 
⁦@trace462⁩ is rushed off her feet on today’s #Leeds for Europe street stall! The #Brexitometer is an object of fascination as always & certainly gets people interested in #Brexit.  
Wrong Sarah. The MPs who won't command respect are those who pretended to be leave so they could "switch" at the last minute and then spent 2 years insulting voters whilst simultaneously talking the country down and undermining the greatest democratic mandate in history.#Brexit  
Theresa May's government accused of lying about '30 Labour MPs' backing her Brexit deal — “Number 10 is clearly trying to spin a yarn about non-existent Labour rebels to try and change the dynamics around the vote in her own party”  
UK WILL lose 5,000 City jobs by #Brexit Day, confirms Treasury minister.That'll put a dent in the £72 billion tax take from the city#ProjectReality 
The Queen’s Counsel brand really has been ruined for me since June 23 2016. There’s a great many of them that do the bar a great disservice with their extremely political judicial activism/throwing their toys out of the pram because ‘people like them’ can’t accept Brexit.  
The crowds were small, the #BrexitBreaksBritain presence was LOUD. It was just me, but to be honest, I ruined his grand entrance. Look out for videos soon. #brexit  
A no-deal #Brexit is less an act of government, and more the act of a criminal gang preparing to inflict massive suffering on the British people so that they and their wealthy cronies can profit from disaster capitalism and a brexit tax haven.#PeoplesVote 
It’s not a powerful argument. It’s a lazy & shallow argument that totally misses the point. #Brexit is not about trade. It’s about unaccountable power & who makes our laws. We had the People's Vote. If you didn’t know what you were voting for, you should have paid more attention.  
“This will provide much-needed clarity for our EU staff and for universities.”Nearly 50,000 #EU nationals working in UK universities will be prioritised if they apply for settled status in the UK after #Brexit, the Home Office has said. 
Dunno if anyone else caught this bit Mock the Week had a brexit-supporting comedian on, presumably for balance, and he crashed. If your entire schtick is around how elitist Remainers are, you need to diversify your content 
From rail safety to Spotify access: the key no-deal Brexit notices  
Blimey the UK government is literally advising businesses who trade with the EU to consider relocating outside the UK in the case of a no-deal Brexit. Totally unprecedented and deeply concerning. 
Another great leafleting session in Woolwich, with hundreds of people approaching us to talk about the campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.Many of them said they would also be marching with us next week at the #PeoplesVoteMarch.Info / RSVP:  
Post Brexit farming subsidies proposed by Michael Gove would wipe out communities in the Scottish Highlands, according to top EU official, see my report from Brussels  
Never been a Tory voter and never will, but this Lady would have had no crap regarding Brexit, she would have not bowed down to Barnier and Tusk and the little gremlin Juncker. 
'Brexit: Not the end of the world'I'll just leave this here. You know what to do...#BrexitShambles 
If Brexit happens there'll be no more hiding. The lies will be over. The truth will hit everyone very, very hard. Those who voted for it will claim they were conned. Those who spearheaded it will claim it wasn't their fault. Those who still want it will try to silence all dissent 
This week’s @AlexSalmondShow examines how the subtle shifts in policy have left House of Commons arithmetic on the Chequers compromise & finds @Theresa_May's #Brexit plan seems to be getting a better reception in Brussels than it is at home.  WATCH NOW:  
If Brexit were positive, the government would be releasing £10s or £100s billions more money to spend, not reserving it for contingencies. And they’d be estimating large budget surpluses. But they’re not! 
WATCH: Brendan O'Carroll, better known as Mrs Brown, calls for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.March on Parliament with us in London on October 20th:  
Brexit blamed for price rise for Christmas turkeys  
In order to reduce the strain on officials after Brexit, we are recommending that companies should relocate their operations to the EU.A quiet life at last! 
"Brexit is the most genuinely working-class movement in Britain today. Far more so than Corbyn’s Labour, which is lousy with privately educated ponces trying to out-thug each other."Julie Burchill on Brexit 
Great to see the @CoopParty back a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.As new facts come to light, more & more people are calling for a #PeoplesVote. Please RT: 
Julia could of course ask the very same questions of herself with regard to how embarrassing and self-respect. Julia's raison d'être is simple, she needs to attract attention to herself no matter how bad the optics...... 
The more I look at the dishonest betrayal of #Brexit and the manifesto @sarahwollaston begged her constituents to vote for her in on, the more I and hundreds of others are convinced the people of Totnes should have a chance to de-select her and hold a #localpeoplesvote #BlueWave 
The @CoopParty conference in Bristol has voted overwhelmingly for a people’s vote on Brexit. Big boost to people’s vote campaign in the Labour party. I spoke there this morning & love what it stands for - & have joined! #CoopsUnleashed 
Deep irony that #Brexit supporters who told us a trade deal with #EU  would be the easiest ever are now themselves threatening to block withdrawal deal because we may still need hypothetical Northern Ireland backstop three years from now. 
Nicola Sturgeon has admitted what has long been clear - there is no appetite for a second Scottish independence referendum, writes Brian Wilson in the Scotsman.Read more:  
Amazing how these so called authors , Artists and ex England football strikers will have you believe that you made a mistake if you voted Brexit.As proved by @EmmaKennedy .. they don’t know anymore than you and will spread lies to try fool you Champagne Socialists are poison 
The more I look at the chaotic mess of #Brexit reality the more I am convinced that people deserve to see the final deal & have the chance to say if that’s what they really want 
How we got here:-Britain’s once in a lifetime vote to Leave the EUParliament pass article 50 into lawLeave date 29 March 2019PM declares Brexit means BrexitMansion House speech welcomed 2018 PM reneges on refBrexit talks run by civil servantsMinisters resignBetrayal. 
Later: former Brexit Secretary confirms Unicorns may not exist although Tooth Fairy “on course to deliver a Brexit deal by Wednesday”  
"Andrea Leadsom ‘ready to quit’ over Theresa May's #Brexit plans."She, and any other Cabinet members who have leadership ambitions, need to resign over #Chequers.Otherwise their leadership ambitions will be brown bread.70% of Tory members voted for #Brexit  
No-deal Brexit planning shuts M26 overnight  
Won’t be long before people are demanding to know why so many MPs promised the grass would be greener on the other side of #Brexit, whilst knowing that we will be poorer in every way 
Crimea wasn't invaded or annexed. The referendum was only declared illegal because the west didn't like the result and the USA couldn't get their hands on it. Referendum was legal as Ukraines govt had been illegally overthrown by the USA, against ukr constitution.  
Spotify music and Netflix films could be blocked for UK citizens in EU after no-deal Brexit, government admits  
Good lord. The UK Gov itself is now advising companies to get out of the UK.This Brexit madness has to stop. I don't care whether it's via MPs waking up to the damage & pulling back from the advisory referendum, or a referendum with #OptionToRemain, but it has to stop. 
How can this no deal Brexit advice from HMG in any way be interpreted as a positive outcome for the UK?  
"So ladies and gentleman, what I urge you to do - I know you won’t be put off the Brexit bully boys and girls, you’ll be true to what you believe in."  
And so it continues.....This, in the words of the British Government, not anyone else #brexit Brexit could end cross-border electricity supply, British Government warns  via @IrishTimes 
He won’t work with Nationalists. He’s rejected all SNP overtures. He says we’re like Tories. He won’t vote with us or ally with us. He’s  targeting our seats. His branch manager says we’re the enemy, to be denied the democratic right to a referendum. He’ll keep Trident. Erm... 
Can someone tell me how Brexit will help the majority of UK citizens, in any way? 
A great morning out campaigning for the Brexit we voted for. Watch @LeaveMnsLeave live from Torquay on Twitter and Facebook from 2pm today. I’ll be speaking alongside @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and Tim Martin. 
This one's a belter. @mrjamesob talks to the man who voted Brexit because of his "bloody rude neighbours" in York –  
We need a public inquiry in this brexit farce; we need an extension to the a50 deadline, and we need an informed public vote on the deal when it’s known. Not difficult. Anything else is chicanery and corruption. 
Way to go MONTANA! Montana’s Legislative Referendum 121 restricting illegal immigrant’s use of taxpayer-funded programs (think California’s Prop 187 or Arizona’s Prop. 200), passed overwhelmingly—with an astonishing 80 percent of the vote!! 
ICYMI: I’ve been told by a well-placed Cabinet source that Andrea Leadsom, Esther McVey and Penny Mordaunt (and maybe more, according to other reports) will quit on Monday unless May changes her Brexit backstop plan. They want an explicit fixed end date.   
IMPORTANT:On  Saturday 20th at the March for the People Vote - please do NOT stick Bollocks to Brexit Stickers everywhere - especially all over the Tube,Train Stations,Bus Stops Govt Buildings,Wetherspoons,Scotland Yard JRM & Boris' houses or anywhere where they may cause offence 
Last night's @BBCScotland Landward reported that @NFUStweets considered the return of beavers to be as big a threat as Brexit. Really? I'm all for pragmatic beaver management but such sensationalist nonsense just dilutes public sympathy for farmers. @euanmcilwraith @DougieVipond 
Dame Pauline Green speaks out against Brexit at @CoopParty conference but says divisions that caused the vote must be healed #coopsunleashed #coops 
Worth reading....the reality of the mess that #Brexiteers  (and the DUP) are going to make if they get their way...Brexit, the truck driver and 20 tonnes of frozen chicken  
Rumour is that May and her gang want a no deal #brexit and that they intend to get their friends at @BBCNews and the right wing press to ensure the EU gets blamed for "punishing" plucky UK. Parliament must stop them. 
Brexit dividend. 
Andrea Leadsom ‘ready to quit’ over Theresa May's Brexit plans  
“brexit is the biggest issue young adults and teenagers will have in their lifetime”climate change: *laughs in hidden* 
Yep. @BBC giving oxygen to far right youth activists... When are they going to report on the Pro EU campaigners in the UK fighting to stop #Brexit?  Somehow I think they won't...  
There was "no agreed upon referendum"? Spain's deputy PM isn't a fan of facts, it seems  
I believe if you participate in a democratic Referendum, you abide by the result even if you don't like it & voted the other way. Mr Lineker doesn't - he wants to replay the game until he gets the result he wanted.  
Arlene Foster warns Theresa May over 'dodgy' #Brexit deal  
“Brexit will lead to a richer, more prosperous Britain. In other news, we advise firms to leave the UK”  
Brexit blamed for price rise for Christmas turkeys  
What’s on the table with Brexit is the embodiment of the bad deal May has always said no deal is better than. 
Labour MP @GloriaDePiero has absolutely the right attitude towards the referendum result - let's move on and get the best deal for the country. #RespectTheResult 
#Brexit is bad news for ALL UK industries (how could 2-8% damage to GDP not impact?)... But it will decimate the creative industries. Brexit damages our economy, our society and our culture. #StopBrexit 
Have been thinking about the non-permanent, indefinite time-limited Brexit deal proposal. After examining all the angles have concluded  
Just left great Brexit Breakfast fringe with the inspiring Andrew Adonis. About 150 there. Great vibe for a People’s Vote #CoopsUnleashed 
Breaking via @faisalislam UK Government advises EU focused companies to move HQs abroadThis follows on news of £15bn set aside for hard Brexit. We’ve lost that £350m a week promised by @BorisJohnson many times over 
The referendum was ADVISORY  even if parliament treated it as binding. Legally it was not. Zero due diligence and Criminal negligence on the part of most  MPs. Our government and opposition are fixated on past glories. We must have a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain 
Latest from me - this is one of the key national emergencies that Brexit has sidelined. News from Somerset, though it could be any number of other places  
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
Wooferendum will be bringing up rear of #PeoplesVoteMarch in London Sat 20 October let’s get thousands of dogs on streets & put Brexit in dog bin where it belongs @wooferendum @peoplesvote_uk @PeterEgan6 @campbellclaret @stellacreasy @SkyNews @BBCNews @itvnews @Channel4News 
THIS IS NOT A SPOOFThe British Government's official advice to British businesses is to leave Britain because of Brexit.  
Been through a Brexit break-up?  The #Brexitcast gang watch the 'Remoaner boyfriend' sketch...   | @bbclaurak | @bbcthree 
The fraudulent Brexit result is only possible because the media ignore the real corruption in the U.K.  Brexit is a natural extension. Britain will be the world’s cesspit.  
DESPERATE: Blair wants 'Parliament blockage' of Brexit and a second referendum. The tired EU establishment refuse to accept they lost, desperately clinging on to the past. It’s embarrassing.  
Weren’t we told we’d get chaos under Ed Miliband? Thought we were getting a stable and strong government... two prime ministers, two general elections and a referendum ago 
If people vote to accept the Deal, or Vote to leave on no deal, then as democrats we must accept that. But given that 52% of voters in the 2016 referendum didn't like our current relationship with the EU, it's only logical that they specify which relationship they WOULD like. 
So @Amb_Yakovenko says he wanted to meet @Arron_banks on so many occasions because1. He gave so much money to Brexit.2. He had met TrumpProblem is most the meetings were well BEFORE Banks gave Leave EU 9-12m (Oakeshott says it was on 250k then) and BEFORE Banks met Trump  
Lies, lies, lies, and more lies. This is the easiest way in saying what Theresa May and the Cabinet are spinning us on Brexit. When we won the referendum i thought it was a great start too a new era, how mistaken was i. It has been a nightmare and nothing like we voted for BRINO. 
If you trample on Brexit gripes you can make Brexit whines  
Shock latest! After Brexit, UK newspapers could have blank pages because editors would not have any more daft scare stories to write about. 
"A million new voters have entered the electorate since the referendum - and they overwhelmingly reject Brexit."#OFOC's @Hugodlucas on why a #PeoplesVote is the only democratic way forward  
Damian just wondering if any of your or @TomTugendhat constituents feel they voted for Brexit to turn the M26 into a car park? Maybe time to think again?  
After Brexit I’m putting a large tariff on gripes so stock up now  
This is about the referendum.  The handshakers want to preempt us when we say that we can trust a referendum run by the same IEBC.  It doesn't make the referendum right.  
6/~ Any Labour MP thinking of backing a half-assed Brexit deal which leaves open the full Thatcherite free trade fantasy of the ERG after the transition should think again. It won't allow us to "move on": it will make Brexit a weapon vs Labour for a decade... 
Financial ‘journalist’? Complaining about #Brexit, while ignoring the wholesale capture of UK regulators by big finance? Q: Are you a journalist, or a glorified corporate PR?  
The common sense approach to Brexit   
5/~ Meanwhile another bunch of deluded racist bigots will march in London today, revving up for the "revolt" they are planning if Brexit has to be watered down because of May's useless statecraft... 
Disappointed, frustrated, angry and even embarrassed that my nation of Scotland is caught up in all this. We wanted nothing to do with their Brexit but EU nationals that live amongst will have to 'apply' to stay here.  
This week's @UKHouseofLords debate on the impact of Brexit on the arts is highly informed, informative and thorough. If you want detail, evidence & insight on the damage on its way (& already underway), it's worth reading:  
George Bernard Shaw reveals why some people might say the result of a corrupt referendum must be honoured:"When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty."#StopBrexit before it destroys the United Kingdom. 
One official close to Eurosceptic ministers says at least “nine members of the cabinet” will reject a customs union between the UK and the EU that had no end date, unless it explicitly set out how Britain could “extrapolate itself”. #Brexit  
We must ensure brexit happens and we must make sure our politicians carry out brexit and not go back and lie to the people and you find out we still have ties to the EU no the people want to leave so write to your MPs demanding you want to leave and put pressure on them! 
No Deal notices...UK Government advice suggests UK companies with large EU biz “consider whether they need to restructure” - eg by moving domicile/inc - for No Deal Brexit.First time in history a UK Govt effectively suggested shifting HQs out of UK 
“I'm pretty convinced there will be a referendum sometime. It will, in the end, be the only way to sort out the problem."This is significant. Former PM Gordon Brown thinks a #PeoplesVote is inevitable.We agree - that’s why we going to #PeoplesVoteMarch 
So what you're saying is that Brexit is really bad and is something that needs to be survived? 
I understand that in order to succeed Remain needs to be a broad church. But the reason Remain has survived beyond Brexit is because there are real, painful consequences. People are hurt, scared and angry. 
I have seen many reports from people exasperated at the blasé attitude of friends or colleagues who are utterly apathetic about #brexit. Well if that's the case they won't mind when we have a #peoplesvote and overturn it then. We can presume they'll be accordingly unmoved...#FBPE 
The government has admitted that Spotify, Netflix & other streaming services could be blocked to British citizens on holiday in Europe if UK leaves the EU with no deal! Portability regulation means that this is currently discriminatory - we lose that with Brexit! #BrexitShambles 
The UK's first performance as a fully go-it-alone 19th century-type Sovereign State are the #brexit negotiations. Plan A is to become an EU vassal state applying the law without the decision-making. Plan B is to destroy 40 years of foreign relations and see what happens. 
Please click on the link and make a small donation if you can to support #AUOB with our ongoing March for Scotland's Freedom.Please Retweet.#EndLondonRule#Indyref2#DissolveTheUnion#Brexit 
Theresa May has already bribed the DUP with £1 billion of taxpayers money to keep her in power. And now she’s preparing to bribe them with even more money to support her Brexit plan.This is an absolute disgrace.  
The penny drops: DUP/Tory pact was pyrrhic victory for unionism. Exposure, to British public, of its regressive attitudes on social issues, plus now impeding Brexit, will leave it despised by the very elements it seeks to court. And it's not exactly wooing nationalists either.  
“Theresa May's government accused of lying about '30 Labour MPs' backing her Brexit deal”  via @BIUK_Politics 
Brilliantly pithy summary of everything that's wrong with this dreadful woman's egregious discharge of the role of Prime Minister in relation to Brexit.And that's just constitutionally, never mind politically or ethically.Plse RT the original widely.  
If the police investigate Leave campaigns & prosecute, Brexit is undermined. A democracy would have to rescind A50. May can't have that. Nor Corbyn. They've seized our country & won't let go, happy to fight for it between them like 2 ferrets in a sack. UK is no longer a democracy  
“Sanni’s suit alleged that his employers fired him because they thought the details he made public could undermine Brexit, a policy goal for the group along with a “wider network of [eight other] right-wing entities that act in cohort.”  
Oh if youth voices matter than you would have accepted the massive #Boycott of the youth population for the illegal referendum of the fascist prespa deal. #Бојкотирам was a youth movement. Why do you hate it? Hypocrisy much? The youth are , Swallow  
“Which? managing director, Alex Neill, said a no-deal Brexit could mean ‘a bonfire of consumer rights & protections’ - and the government’s advice that we all become experts in international consumer law is hopelessly unrealistic”  
Ireland 'cannot accept' Brexit backstop time limit, Republic's deputy PM says - Sky News  
Final Say: Army of 10,000 young people to lead major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum - The Independent  
Dickens. THREAD. A topic much in evidence today but sadly unconsidered by those who pride themselves on their acuity yet teem, antlike, over the most-picked heaps of rotten matter ignoring the crystalline purity of rational thought, is Brexit. This (1/1487)  
Always remember: A referendum where people can see the Brexit deal is a hell of a lot more democratic than a referendum where they can't.#PeoplesVote 
of Movement, access to medical services on the Continent, access to teaching & research, culture and awareness of other nations.There are 1.3 million Brits in Europe, currently w/ no Brexit protectionMogg you are a philistine.#FBPE @peoplesvote_uk @RenewParty @reesmoggfandom 
Typical nonsense from Tony Blair. The EU represents just 15% of global GDP and just 10% of future global growth. It's a protectionist Little Europeans Club and we should all ignore his absurd claims that Brexit will destroy the UK economy in 45 minutes. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
For the second week in a row, @TheSun seems to be baiting violence from its readers. Last week, we had Tony Parsons saying “betraying Brexit means violence in the UK’. This week, it’s an editorial accusing the EU of ‘pushing UK to violent chaos’.This is dangerous ‘journalism’.  
Graham Norton is very funny on Brexit. Last year I would have laughed. I thought we can't go through with something so stupid, we'll find a way out. I've stopped laughing - just scared. Fascism, right & left is emerging. May/JC's determination. British shame. But yes he is funny  
BREAKING: #Brexit warning - Michael Portillo fears Theresa May Brexit plot could lead to Conservative MASSACRE.“I don’t know who in the Party could support that apart from rabid Remainers. Even moderates would be outraged."#MayMustGo #GetHerOut 
As @BorisJohnson points out, the idea that politicians can fudge their way through Brexit with the intention of fixing it down the road is a total fantasy - they have to get it right the first time.  
Yet another Brexit dividend: “The Scottish Highlands are facing economic catastrophe and depopulation akin to the US "dust bowls" after EU subsidies come to an end” @thetimes 
A fascinating read. What happens to individuals’ rights in Northern Ireland after Brexit?... Well given UK rights could drift, but NI citizens have the right to be Irish (under GFA) and so full EU citizens... It’s messy.  
The so called United Kingdom is ‘a sinking ship’. I certainly would like to get on the life boat. I want a referendum on Irish Unity now. Independence will benefit everyone on the island of Ireland. #NewIreland #OurIreland 
I've just seen brand tracker data on the BBC, longitudinal study on Media brands.BBC is suffering a decline in trust, impartiality and bias metrics. The  attributed cause is Brexit coverage biased towards Leave.I can't imagine refusing to cover the latest Met scandal helps. 
Sorry to hear that Steve, but you are not the only one.  GPs, psychologists and psychotherapists are now well aware of the mental health impact of Brexit.  This will get worse, not better, unless we stop the madness.  
Night out with my son (25) and he told me of his last taxi ride. Totally unsolicited the taxi driver said "I have to apologise to you lad". Son, "why's that!" "Brexit lad, I saw that bus and thought, that'll do me, the bastards lied to us. I'm so sorry".#FinalSayForAll 
This week Downing St briefed that "up to 30" Labour MPs had privately told them they'd consider backing May's Brexit deal.Not one Labour MP I've spoken to on the supposed list said they have been approached — inc Caroline Flint, Gareth Snell & Kate Hoey.  
Join @fishingforleave Skippers today at Brexit Rally with @LeaveMnsLeave 
Leave have failed. Their Brexit project was undeliverable. Now they quit and blame (EU/Remain/Soros/LeavesOnTheLine). So predictable, I'm bored. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit has cost Britain an estimated 2.1% of its GDP, or about £35 billion. Britain hasn't even left yet  via @bopinion 
"I said I was hungry enough to eat my foot, so I'm going to eat my foot"Graham Norton nails it on British pride, the last thing sustaining #Brexit   
#Brexit Looking like the only way #May is to be stopped from reneging on Brexit is for the ERG Tories to bring her down by forcing a general election - new leader would emerge and a brexit election would followHave they the courage? 
Why do we need to survive #Brexit? We were told it was all champagne and roses, sunny uplands etc. Is this not the case? You can fit your answer on a postage stamp. 
Brexit has turned us into a country where Andrea Leadsom’s threat to resign from the Government is perceived as bad news for the Government. 
The people who always say that Brexit must happen are the same people who never say how Brexit can happen. 
EU must realise there’s a 3rd option: no Brexit at all - InFacts ⁦@guyverhofstadt⁩ ⁦@MichelBarnier⁩ The third option is that the UK remains. This is the favoured option, now, in the UK. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
We need a #PlanAPlus Brexit:Here’s the key to the prison of these negotiations:More: 
I’m speaking in Cheltenham at 2pm today - all welcome. The local MP @AlexChalkChelt was invited but refused. Like most Tory MPs, he is voting for hard Brexit & hoping his constituents won’t notice. I think they will  
No leadership. No direction. No Brexit. No enthusiasm: No members. And now... no candidates. What a mess the Tory Party is in #EverydayWithMayInChargeIsAWastedDay 
(except when the 'things happening' are NHS privatisation, deliberate welfare state dismantling, referendum rigging, neoliberalism failing, media independence weakening, voter suppression, local government collapsing...)  
From bald-faced lies that UK needed Brexit to save the NHS, we've now sunk so low that the Tories feel the need to appoint a minister for stockpiling food(David Rutley) and one for suicide prevention(Jackie Doyle-Price). We need to stop this bullshit now. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/dVeUOsItux 
Brexit approaches:Irish GOV provides advice, loans and support to business and citizensUK GOV provides over 100 legal arse covering notices explaining how everyone needs to fend for themselves  
Devastating analysis of May’s abject failure on Brexit from Charles Moore.  Unfortunately, he is absolutely right.  
Why did the chicken cross the border? To truly understand #Brexit -and its potential negative fallout for businesses - haul €60,000 worth of food from Northern Ireland to England via Dublin - my long read on a 12-hour lorry-ferry odyssey - @IrishTimes  
A Prime Minister determined to stop Brexit. A cabinet with no backbone. A political class intent on denying the biggest vote in British history. What have we become?   
Failure of the CBI & the City’s newspaper, the FT, to speak out against Brexit is deplorable. They are defeatist cheerleaders for some deal, any deal, regardless of consequences, because they aren’t prepared to argue to stay in the EU - & they won’t go against the Tories 
PM could dump DUP to break deadlock on #BrexitDUP @duponline are not the problem.DUP have backbone & are trying to deliver BrexitIt is the PM who is trying to keep us IN the EUIt is the PM who should be dumped, not the #DUP#ChuckChequers#MayMustGoNow 
Happy weekend everyone. This time next week we’ll be on our way to the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Millions of us making huge efforts and sacrifices to be seen and heard, each in our own unique way. #Remain is a broad  church, inclusive, supportive. Our fight is #Brexit. Not each other 
If you haven’t made your plans for next weekend please do so today.If the Brexit calamity goes ahead you will end up asking yourself ‘Did I do everything I could to stop it?’Marching on Saturday 20th is the most important thing you can do. And it will be fun!  
We can build motorway car parks, but we can’t build homes for people to live in.Brexit is beyond parody, beyond absurd. 
Theresa May’s catastrophic handling of #Brexit has been marked by U-turns and broken promises, writes Charles Moore. 
Brexit: Rights, wrongs and the Good Friday Agreement via @RTENewsNow  
#FBPE I have just asked my county council a Freedom of Information request about any impact assessments they’ve done on the effects of Brexit on the local economy. You can too. Be informed and spread the word. 'Brexit impact assessment'  via @whatdotheyknow 
THE UK’s national brand has replaced Japan as the fourth most valuable nation brand in the world and according to Brand Finance the positive result “reaffirms Britain’s ability to make the most of its post-Brexit future”. 
Eurostar services could stop under 'no-deal' Brexit  And the tides will not be allowed to rise and fall. Next stupid remainer project scare please. 
Everytime the government releases the #Brexit impact papers #Leavers leap to defend their position by claiming it's all #ProjectFear. Apparently the report of the M26 being prepared as an emergency car park is untrue too, it's just scaremongering.#Brexit ostriches 
Please sign and RT petition calling for urgent investigation by Met Police into 2016 referendum wrongdoings.@Suewilson91 
No, it is Brexit which has fundamentally changed British politics in the last 3 years - & the running has been made by the right. Labour & the left have so far been ineffectual spectators. Tragically   
Now our government advises companies to move their headquarters out of the UK to avoid Brexit damage.YOU. LITERALLY. COULD. NOT. MAKE. THIS. UP! 
#Brexit: sanity may yet prevail. Meanwhile, by close of play today one of you will be the two millionth reader of this blog! 
“The BC Liberals and their rich friends have tried to stop British Columbians from even having a referendum. And now he has proven that he doesn’t want British Columbians to hear both sides of this important question.”#PR4BC #ProRep #bcpoli #Millennials4pr 
Another of the Tufton St regulars, an important question is where does the IEA get their money from to promote the abolishment of the NHS? 
Philip Hammond is being warned that he does not have support in the Commons for a tax-raising budget in what is a sign of the government’s paralysis over Brexit  
No Deal Brexit preparedness papers:Government: Eurostar trains won’t run. Electricity to NI will be cut.Planes won’t fly. Haulage to EU will park on M26. Go sort it.Business: Raab: We are supporting U.K. business & are confident they will be fully prepared. 
Good morning @jeremycorbyn and @UKLabour Coming to the #PeoplesVote March on 20th October? Don’t fancy helping us swerve the shambles that is Brexit? Go on. Support democracy. We want more democracy. A vote on the facts. Don’t you? Why not? 
On way to Co-Op party conference in Bristol to speak for a people’s vote to stop Brexit. Is there anything more alien to the co-operative spirit than Brexit? 
The language of Brexit. Our membership of the EU has been of huge benefit to Britain. We’re not ‘shackled’ as a member we have an effective voice in the development of our continent. Outside we will be weaker economically and politically.  
Wait a minute !!!!LabMPs reporting People to the immigration Hotline.Lab in Coalition with Tories, all over Scotland.House of Lords stuffed to the Gills with Lab Politicians.Labour voting for or Abstaining on AusterityLab support TridentLab support BrexitLab support OOWTF  
Breaking news on Portage and Main: Barriers may be ripped out regardless of referendum  #wpgpoli 
Why is it that @jeremycorbyn isn’t yelling about this from the rooftops? Is Brexit so important to him that he’s willing to overlook electoral fraud and now this shocking coverup? Is he the single most useless Leader of the Opposition in history? #PeoplesVote #WATON 
Significant that Hillary feels impelled to take a stand on Brexit. Pathological anti-national sentiment? Big Business speaking fees?  
A “no” vote would commit the city to spending significant money on building new pedestrian barriers once concourse repairs are done. That scenario runs directly contrary to arguments made by councillors Browaty & Lukes who pushed for the referendum #wpg18  
via .@jmangues"The most aggressive #Fascism is gathering now in Barcelona with ultra symbology & marching to 'Cara el Sol' [Francoist hymn]THAT THIS IS LEGAL & organising a #Referendum is A CRIME says a lot about this rottening [Spanish] state"#12deOctubre #Resacelebrar 
When Britons voted to leave the EU they had no say in what sort of Brexit they wanted. It has become clear that a softer Brexit is better, and Britain need only look to Norway to see why  
Rees-Mogg: ‘I’m not going to blink’ on Brexit  
My Brexit PlanIn April, May and June I’ll be at home mending my shed or hot footing it by car to Romania, depending how shit Brexit turns out.Do you have a plan? 
.@giancarloCFTC: "A hard Brexit will affect EU market participants as hard as it will affect European ones and globally as well."  
W E   W I L L   S T O P   B R E X I TBecause it's a stupid idea. That's all.We all know #Brexit was a crime.MPs, do your job: #StopBrexitOr face the humiliation of a #PeoplesVote. 
Solving Brexit with Blockchain....oh, shit: Per chancellor Phillip Hammond "There is technology becoming available, … I don’t claim to be an expert on it but the most obvious technology is blockchain." 
Brexit is a symptom of a deep-rooted anger among the English population, aimed at the EU, but which is really a cropped up self-hatred about their own predicament created by the class system foisted on them by the entitlement hierarchy that has maltreated them for centuries. 
If you are a parent that voted for #Brexit what will you tell your children 2years from now 
Good thread on the Trump administration attitude to reform of the WTO dispute settlement system. "WTO Brexit" and Brexity Atlanticist folks may experience challenges to their belief system.  
Conservative journalist & commentator Andrew Coyne @acoyne will be in BC to argue in favour of voting for #ProportionalRepresentation in the BC electoral reform referendum, which begins soon. Good news, as many forget that #pr4bc would benefit the whole political spectrum #bcpoli 
Good! We need a strong vote for #ProRep across the BC political spectrum in order for the electoral reform referendum result to have moral+political weight. Conservative pundit Andrew Coyne, who is pro-#ProRep & adept at arguing for it, may sway a variety of voters #bcpoli #pr4bc 
A delightful evening tonight at Southend East & Rochford Conservatives dinner in support of my friend @JamesDuddridge - much support for the “bulldog spirit” approach to BREXIT and so pleased to meet many old friends from Romford, now living in Southend! #Southend #Rochford  
UK PM faces backlash over Brexit compromise...  
one reality of #tory #brexit...  
.@GaryMasonGlobe: "The bottom line: When you’re considering which way to cast your ballot in the upcoming referendum, do your research. And don’t allow yourself to be persuaded by phony arguments not rooted in reality."  #PR4BC #bcpoli #PropRep #ProRep 
Any1who compares brexit to our fight for independence should have their head put through a wall. We literally had to fight hundreds of years and endure genocide, poverty and so much more. Even then brits partitioned us and created a sectarian 6county statelet. Farage can FUCK OFF  
However, your alleged journalists are failing in their duty to challenge & question the increasingly outrageous claims made by pro #Brexit politicians @BBCNewsPR. Start by giving proper coverage to the march in London on 20th October for a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain 
The Good Friday Agreement & #Brexit. #latelate 
Few of my tweets about the serious implication of our Brexit strategy get RTs, but a single tweet about the BBC, and they roll in. Strange sense of priorities. I call the BBC out when it merits it - I don't make a hobby of it. My priority is independence and how we'll get there. 
What an idiotic, insulting comparison. People lost lives fighting for Irish independence because Britain used violence to deny and subvert democratic will of the Irish people. EU membership is voluntary. Brexit is a free choice. EU hasn't used violence. No lives have been lost.  
Okay own up now. Who voted for brexit. I just wanna talk.  
#quote "Theresa May is throwing away the biggest political opportunity of our era..May’s catastrophic handling of Brexit has been marked by U-turns and broken promises" Epic fail. + *still* the @Conservative MPs haven't deposed her. Party before country. 
Brexiteer MPs need to stand up and be counted. If they don’t it will do them no good whining about it afterwards. They will never be forgiven for the betrayal of allowing May to deliver Brexit in name only, which Whitehall has been planning since the referendum..  
Exactly I have spoken to Europeans who live here and don't even know that they're supposed to even apply. Unless you're interested in brexit or stopping it the government haven't exactly been advertising it 
NORTHERN Ireland will not have a special single market carve-out in the Brexit deal, David Mundell has insisted, as he signalled any such arrangement would be a resignation matter for him.Just to see him resign, bring it onNon-Clickbait link 
On Boris Johnson, #Brexit & the Irish border. #latelate 
May could dump #DUP to break deadlock on Brexit (AKA: She’s part of cabal intent on shafting Britain whatever anyone says or does)  #MayMustGoNow #StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers 
Farage comparing Brexit vote to Ireland taking power back from a colonial oppressor is laugh out loud stupid.When exactly did the EU invade GB?Immature and ill-informed nonsense.#LateLateShow 
We were of course told by our betters in the #Brexit referendum that this was a lie on the part of Leave campaigners, a “dangerous fantasy”  
You delivered it... Own your shit Nigel. You don't know how to make it happen... #latelate #brexit pic.twitter.com/eZkkgLHBOr 
If anything, Brexit defines who we are and who we aspire to be.Solidarity with the 5 million people who have been treated so despicably. Our friends, our neighbours and colleagues, who have given so much and received nothing in return.Shame on you @DominicRaab @theresa_may 
The cost to Britain of May's brexit obstruction runs into billions. Add this to the 40 or 50 billion she is already promised the EU and you have the greatest disaster ever to be prime minister. Even Major only lost 12 billion. May has beaten that by 500% + and its your money !!!! 
.My Police Complaints Number re @metpoliceuk's failure to investigate the Criminal Behaviour of Vote Leave is CPS-2416-18-0100-000..I'll keep you updated..If you want to complain about the Met's failure to uphold the law, here's the link - .#Brexit 
#GrahamNorton #BTS⁠ ⁠ ALL THE RACISM ON HERE TONIGHT against these guys is from the right.  I’ve checked multiple accounts - all retweet Katie Hopkins,  Julia Heartless Brewer, UKIP and Breitbart OR ARE PRO Brexit Tories. 
Bougainville referendum question confirmed at JSB meeting attended by PNG PM O'Neill, Bougainville President Dr John Momis, Chairman of Boug Referendum Commission, former Irish PM, Bertie Ahearn: "Do you agree for Bougainville to have: 1. Greater Autonomy or 2. Independence. "  
"the people leaning on the Met not to prosecute the serious referendum crimes are also committing a further potentially very serious crime” - 
“It’s the BBC’s duty to our audience to scrutinise uncomfortable subjects, rather than shy away from them.”Oh yeah, just like you covered the Vote Leave scandal so extensively, highlighting the ‘uncomfortable’ fact that the Brexit campaign was illegal...oh wait.  
"My relatives are from close to the border - Mayo" says Liam Halligan whose knowledge of Irish geography is, I hope, better than his support for Brexit. 
". . .on the verge of delivering them a Brexit deal. . ."Simultaneously condescending and disingenuous as only a former FCO mandarin, marinaded over decades in Europhilia, can possibly be.  
I am convinced most people in the UK are decent. Why are we allowing our union to be hijacked by tax dodging millionaires? Our lives are hard because these leeches don’t pay their fair share in taxes. The EU wants to expose this, hence Brexit! 
EXACTLY what happened in #Macedonia with the #referendum.Right wing nationalists #Бојкотирам put their diferences with left wing nationalists @levica_mk aside,to put marxist #DUI & Elitist @SDSMakedonija to bed.It's not a fluke,it's a system.#Q#Qanon#MAGA#WeAreБојкотирам 
Cabinet ministers 'poised to quit in days' after secretive Brexit deal meeting  
Wouldn't it be fucking hilarious if this panel actually solved the Brexit situation?Tubridy and Mick McCarthy hold down Farage, while McGuigan boxes the head off him and Furey sings The Green Fields of France.No hard border for everyone in the audience#latelateshow #latelate 
All @Keir_Starmer has to do is ask the government to provide clear evidence refuting the allegation that it is obstructing police investigation of possible electoral crime. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit.  I’m going to eat my foot   
Thanks for your support for @CakeWatchCast. We're very glad if you like it, even if it's just so you know you're not alone in screaming into the Brexit void. All the best, Steve and Chris 5/5 
1/ Reaction of the British Chambers of Commerce on the lack of technical notes for EU #citizensrights in case of no deal Brexit:"We are surprised and concerned that there was no technical notice on the future status of EU nationals"  
With all due respect, why should I care what Gary Lineker thinks about the EU referendum? 
Says the same #BBC who are routinely IGNORING the facts about #Brexit and the damage it will do to this country. Ignoring this and giving violent racist criminals a spotlight, it's no wonder you are called biased.  
@FinalSayForAll organise events around the country where people can share their personal stories about how Brexit effects them. These are filmed for a collection to be sent to MPs, MEPs and others to highlight the effect Brexit has on real lives.   
“The people supporting Brexit don’t seem to know what they want. They’ve got a prime minister who is now on the verge of delivering them a Brexit deal… and they’re busy saying they’re going to vote against it” - Sir Simon Fraser#newsnight | #InsidethePapers | @SimonFraser00 
#Brexit was never going to be far away from #SkyPapers tonight.@ajcdeane gives a great summary of concerns over this open-ended #Backstop idea, whilst reminding us nothing has yet been agreed.(1/2) 
#FinalSayForAll is run by @nickynoo007 and a team of brilliant volunteers that campaigns to stop Brexit, and for the rights of the 5 million+ in the UK and EU27 that did not have a say in the 2016 Ref. They coined #BrexitIsPersonal. 3/ 
Theresa May’s Brexit speech had shades of Hitler | Letters  
Stewart Jackson, former Brexit minister David Davis’s special advisor said weekend resignations over Brexit were “quite possible”.“Political resignations are part of the landscape”#newsnight | #InsidethePapers| @BrexitStewart 
It's good we all understood  whom Raila is He betrayed his supporters killed'tortured'deported and killed the cause for electoral justice and now want us to go for referendum for his own intrest'we must say No& stand with @MigunaMiguna 
Downing Street says prime minister will not agree Brexit deal which traps UK 'permanently in customs union' . We want to Leave Customs March 2019! Unionhttp://ww.itv.com/news/2018-10-12/pm-will-not-agree-brexit-deal-which-traps-uk-permanently-in-customs-union-no-10/ 
Significant. Gordon Brown predicts there will have to be a #peoplesvote on Brexit: “It will, in the end, be the only way to sort out the problem.”  
COMMENT OF THE DAY: Back Brexit or get out.  
We have the ability to stop the Brexit damage by having a #PeoplesVote. Join us for #PeoplesVoteMarch on 20 October in London #FinalSayForAll 
Meanwhile in the UK, the thinking among us have to endure listening to bare faced lies about non existent ‘Jobs first Brexit’ and ‘Brexit dividend’ from our leaders, clapped along by millions of fools.  Reality is going to be an enormous shock for a lot of people.  
The key referendum issue isn't the pros/cons of cannabis! It is appreciating the disproportionate human rights violations & damage to life opportunities caused by drug prohibition to indigenous & poor communities.@golrizghahraman @_chloeswarbrick 
Have you noticed - the @DailyMailUK ARE HAPPY with Theresa May and her betrayal of Brexit?They HATE @BorisJohnson Here's why!!! 
After voting Tory for years, it took Brexit for me to realise that I actually care about what society we live in. The EU is about peace, cooperation, trade, multiculturalism and diversity. These things matter to me. Tory voter - never again in my life time. 
Terrible treatment of people invited to the #LateLateShowlondon Why offer a ticket and leave people standing on the streets for hours refusing entry because of overbooking @RTELateLateShow #LateLate #LateLateShow #brexit 
An utterly crazy self harming statement this evening  from one of the people presently driving UK policy towards Europe and to whom the Prime Minister is beholden - no wonder this disastrous #Brexit crisis is deepening day by day  
Remarkable that the government is still talking about a "Brexit dividend", even though every single respectable expert has told them there is no such thing... 
The upcoming midterms — in large part a referendum on the administration and the all-too-willing Republican enablers who tolerate his corruption and assault on democratic norms — will tell us how seriously Americans take threats to rule of law  
Independent Ireland prepares for Brexit better that Britain . .  Bring on #indyref2 
EU unlikely to buckle on NI backstop. If May caves in, her hardliners and DUP might walk out. In this stalemate, don’t be fooled by shroud-waving over a no deal Brexit. This is the moment to fight for a People’s Vote that looks ever more likely and more just 
A clear majority of English Tory voters would be willing to see the collapse of peace in Northern Ireland and Scottish independence as the price of #Brexit. There is a very dangerous nationalist extremism prevailing among Tory supporters. #PeoplesVote 
My new @2903cb podcast , this time an interview with Sir Ivan Rogers on his lecture 'Brexit as a Revolution' delivered @TrinCollCam, where Brexit is going, and how to advise a Prime Minister facing an EU summit. Produced by @bonisones2 
Total tosser doesn't even believe in Brexit.  
Chatting to a mate from North East who voted leave who has daughter who's Muslim&Turkish.I'm Socialist leaver with Muslim Egyptian daughter.Know few Socialist Muslims who voted leave or since referendum are leavers.This narrative leavers are bigots is utterly disgusting. 
Loved my 12 years in Britain. Was gutted when #Brexit was voted in. Best way to deal with Farage is silence before and after. Like Trump he thrives on his ego massaged. #latelate #latelatelondon #Latelateshow 
A backstop with a time limit is by definition no longer a backstop. There can be no dilution of the only guarantee we have in this Tory/DUP Brexit debacle. 
Brown 'pretty convinced' People's Vote will happen to give voters final say on Brexit  
What about news that Aaron Banks is trying to deselect 12 pro EU Tory MPs by writing to their constituents and funding Facebook ads, ‘slippery Sarah Wallaston’ reminiscent of Crooked Hilary! Women4Europe ! Shocking Brexit Bad boy still on  prowl! We must resist @Women_4_Europe 
After the Independence referendum, the talk from Nicola Sturgeon's SNP, was they would need support for Independence, to be consistently above 60% in the polls, for more than six months, before they would call for another referendum. I must have slept through those polls.  
Home from a busy day of surgeries in #Aberfeldy #Birnam #Pitlochry then a productive meeting with businesses in Highland Perthshire concerned about shortages of people - about to get worse with Brexit. Working with @PeteWishart to address these issues. 
We at #EUflagmafia don't respect the result and we will not accept the result. Brexit will fail because the people will not accept it. Remain is a team effort #PeoplesVoteMarch 
What this BREXIT betrayal reveals is the terrifying power of our publicly-funded New Class - the REAL 'Establishment' of our age. They buy off business with tariffs, and the masses with Welfare. Democracy for them is a useful veil ... at worst (as now), a temporary inconvenience. 
Astonishing. An entire conference set up to support Irish business by the Irish govt for brexit. Brexit loans. Brexit grants for consultancy advice. Brexit support. Brexit facts. This isn't happening in the UK. Share very widely  
Come on... you can't honestly watch this video and think that there is any possible way Brexit can still work...  
TheNational: Spain vice-president @CarmenCalvo_ has triggered a “fake news” storm after she denied that #Scotland’s 2014 independence referendum took place. #Catalonia 
Poor old Charles Moore. Yet again he lays into Scottish nationalism, Nicola Sturgeon & Scots independence. It has never dawned on him that his #Brexit is driven by English & British nationalism. One day he may eventually twig. Or maybe not.  
Started the day visiting a Croydon business planning a move abroad because of chaotic Brexit and ended it with homeless charity which has seen huge increase in complex needs of homeless people. This gov is failing everyone. 
He says it’s “Project Truth” and not Project Fear.It is incredible that there are businesses HQd in the UK that are getting state subsidised loans to effect Brexit supply chain transformation - but not from NI/UK Gov but from Irish Govt using European Investment Bank guarantees 
.@skynews could go bust if #Brexit voters decided to end their subscriptions in protest at being fed this crap.  
2016“Vote for Brexit to improve your lives”2018“You might have to flee the country if you don’t want to go bankrupt though tbh lads”  
our report from Galway today - on Irish Brexit preparedness incl state bank loan guarantees for eg cheddar producers to switch to mozzarella, Irish DPM offering thousands of euros to Irish businesses to plan to change supply chains & to cope “if there’s a collapse in sterling”  
By betraying Brexit, Theresa May is throwing away the biggest political opportunity of our era.   
Radnor YFC's Rural Affairs Group's response to Welsh Government’s ‘Brexit and Our Land’ consultation. We are food producers, who work hard to keep food on the nation's table. #wearewelshfarming #brexitandourland @wgcs_rural @WelshGovernment @michaelgove 
This is a flabbergasting statement! - the BBC studiously ignore the growing anti-Brexit majority in the country, the mounting harm that the Brexit process is already causing, the crimes, lies, fraud and interference in the 2016 referendum exposed by everyone other than the BBC...  
Ok. #Remainers, #Remain British #FBPE, #PeoplesVote & #StopBrexit BE NICE!So many people are considering their choice. Don't make it emotional, make it a reasonable.The forces for #Brexit are mobilising inane nationalism. BE NICE to potential #RemainerNow folks. Safe place? 
Is this what's meant by 'global Britain'? Advising companies to LEAVE the UK? One of the MANY reasons we must demand a #FinalSay with a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit MUST be stopped. We ALL deserve better. 
Government advises some companies to consider moving their headquarters out of UK in no-deal Brexit  @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @thesilverfox971 @acgrayling @Femi_Sorry @CharlesTannock @MarieAnnUK @SebDance @julie4nw @catherinemep @RCorbettMEP @Dissentra 
MONTIE says “When it comes to political judgement, the Prime Minister is in her third and final strike“Why would we trust her with the final negotiations of Brexit? The most important moment in our post-war history.“She needs to go - and now!” 
What the heck RT this...Given the chance again, how would you vote? #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Exit stage left!Tim Montgomerie: May’s tunnel vision led her to 1 lane #BrexitIf Conservative Party wants to Chuck Chequers,It has to Chuck May’s premiership into gutter with it!When it comes to political judgement,PM is ln her 3rd & Final Strike!#EU 
If @theresa_may won't resign, the 48 letters must go in.It's time for a new #Conservative leader and Prime Minister#MayMustGo #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #BlueWave #MayMustGoNow 
Despite all the hate against Remainers, the people who are jeopardising Brexit most are the likes of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg@Nigel_Farage and @BorisJohnson as they are demanding unicorns made of rainbows and fairy dust. Entitled overgrown brats. 
In recent weeks I’ve been trying to recruit people to join the march on 20th October. This exercise has taught me one depressing truth: Britain deserves Brexit. But you: you lovely people; you don’t deserve Brexit. I march with you. I march for you. Viva la Bresistance!!  
"Nearly two and a half years on from the referendum, we are, both on the EU deal, and on other post Brexit trade deals, still lost in campaign mode on fantasy island."  
The latest batch of no deal Brexit papers have been released by the government, warning of threats to electricity supplies in Northern Ireland, and disruption to Eurostar services and online streaming while abroad. 
The BBC makes choices, and their choices matter. Why Yaxley-Lennon? Why now? Why this rather than (for example) electoral interference in Brexit? The Facebook data leak? The weather in Cornwall? 5/n 
The Chancellor has said that taxes will have to rise to pay for "very large commitments" made before the Budget, including a £20billion funding boost for the NHS. Yet No.10 said the £20bn would be funded by the Brexit “dividend” with the country only contributing “a bit more”   
Regardless of your opinion on the matter, anyone who believes the Scottish education system is going to be more damaging to your children's future than a Westminster Tory enforced no deal Brexit is a fucking idiot. 
Just for the record- I *don't* accept the result of the referendum, as it was "won" by *proven* cheating.#bbcaq 
On the subject of #brexit, do you think the votes of the young should count more than the votes of the old? #bbcaq Listen to the Any Questions? debate now with a panel and audience all aged under 30:  
October 12th 1845 On this day...173 years ago quote from William Gladstone.#brexit  
It's not the job of @BBC journalists to pretend the criminally flawed brexit referendum was not profoundly corrupt and undemocratic.@BBC, you are the story now. 
Government advises certain companies to consider moving headquarters out of UK in no-deal Brexit  
A few 1000 more of these would really help. It only takes 2 tweets-time. Make a difference, the Met don't want to be dragged down when BREXIT's dirty secret come out in the wash. Fill in a complaint form online & RT#FBPE #PeoplesVote #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw @acgrayling 
I'm a paid-up member of the @Conservatives Party, and I concur. Terrible conceit of the British Majority Vote by @theresa_may . Does nobody in the Tory MP gang accept that she's messed-up a simple admission act: Leave. She is Civil Servant who needs to move on.  @ConHome #Brexit  
Just to be absolutely clear:26% of UK citizens voted Leave.Parliament represents 65m UK citizens, whether they can and do vote or not.Brexit is not in UK's interest.Parliament's first duty is to do what's best for the UK.Parliament should #StopBrexit.It is not too late!! 
Brexiter in denail. London is no longer the world’s leading financial centre after losing ground to Wall Street since the Brexit vote. The City has fallen eight points in the rankings, Hong Kong is only 3 points behind London according to the Z/Yen Global Financial Centres Index.  
"When Britain voted to leave the EU, few talked about Northern Ireland. Big mistake""For many, the lack of understanding in the rest of the [UK] about how Brexit might be used to undermine what has been achieved in the province is exasperating" 
BBC #Newsnight failed to report let alone investigate UK's Tory Battlebus 2015 election fraud over many months. Where was your duty then? Will @BBCNewsnight report Met Police refusing to investigate the #Brexit Referendum fraud or give voice to far right?  #DemocracyUnderThreat 
The Tory government is advising companies to leave the UK and relocate to the EU, warn of dire consequences of BrexitThe country is being destroyedWhere is H.M  Rt Honourable leader of the opposition @jeremycorbyn? Nowhere to be seenWhat use is he NONE WHAT SO EVER 
Not even Turkeys voted for this >> Brexit blamed for price rise for Christmas  
‘Government advises certain companies to consider moving headquarters out of UK in no-deal Brexit’Global Britain, eh?  
Still so very true~ E O Wilson#brexit #bigdata #fakenews #politics 
I wish RTÉ newsreaders controlled their obvious disdain at stories on the Church, Trump, Brexit etc. While we cannot expect fairness from RTÉ, the illusion that it was an impartial and objective broadcaster was, if mistaken, still comforting. Now, it just becomes sadly obvious. 
Revealed: secret Brexit plans for transition extension to appease DUP  Could these secret plans bear more than a passing resemblance to this? 
Are you angry?Are you angry with Brexit?Angry with politicians, liars, cheats, frauds, and today, the police?Why don’t about a million of us get together in London at the #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th and make some noise about Brexit?I demand a #PeoplesVote . 
I think I misunderstood what 'Vote Leaves' meant..............  #Brexitdisaster #Brexit  
Farage: May's Customs Union plan is betrayal of Brexit vote  
Riveting story on @Channel4News now about Banks' expenditure not only to secure Brexit but also now to unseat pro EU Tory MPs.Well done @MichaelLCrick 
A Cabinet meeting next week looks like being a crunch moment. Pro-Brexit ministers will have career decisions to make  
I agree, Mr Starmer, but, as an ex-Director of CPS and a senior member of the Official Opposition, what are you going to do about the abject failure of the Met to investigate the alleged criminality behind the Referendum result?  
Ireland putting the boot in to Brexit. Never forget this moment. Never.  
Tomorrow's #RoguesGallery cartoon, after #ThomasBuchananRead, for @Independent ... #ArleneFoster #DUP #TheresaMay #IrishBorder #Brexit  
No one's suggesting re-running the referendum.The 2016 referendum was a vote on the fantasy.The 2019 #PeoplesVote will be a vote on the facts. 
Electricity prices could soar in Scotland with a No Deal BrexitWhich would be absolutely astonishing for the country that makes the most renewable and free energy in the UK 
Want to fund the anti brexit Party?Then help the #libdemsFace up to it #Labour  are lying to Remainers. 
Tory Commons leader Andrea Leadsom ready to quit over Theresa May's Brexit plans  Whether you supported remain or leave, if you're not happy with the way that Brexit is going, then demand a #PeoplesVote with us 
How has @theresa_may got us into a situation where it is even POSSIBLE for the following to happen? And there isn't a single piece of Brexit news saying that anything will be better - only worse*Eurostar stops running*Planes stop flying*£ below €1*Medicine & food stockpiling  
In this week's  newsletter: DUP rage over special treatmentBitterness in Totnes over Wollaston's calls for a second referendumBritain braced for Customs Union U-turn 
A no-deal Brexit could hit Britain's economy hard, the Office for Budget Responsibility says  
When you can't believe your luck & you get to fulfil your lifetime's ambition to be prime minister & all you have do is totally screw your country & pretend a referendum you're acting on wasn't won by criminality.  
BC Supreme Court decision the 2nd time BC's referendum ballot questions considered and validated by an independent party. Follows Chief Electoral Officer. British Columbians alone will decide if we keep the existing system or move to a new system.   
The police are letting referendum cheats off the hook. Sign the petition to the Metropolitan Police now to tell them you won’t accept them letting the establishment off the hook. 
Personally I interpret this as @Jacob_Rees_Mogg putting party before #Brexit and as chair of the ERG that doesn't bode well.Jacob Rees-Mogg: We need to stop the ‘Ukip-isation’ of Brexit.  
Brexit tunnel news. Sabine Weyand gave EU ambassadors a brief update on negotiations this eve.V little discussion on content and EU27 fine with that - shows remarkable trust in Michel Barnier and commission. Exact opposite of what UK wanted. 
I wish I could just up and leave Brexit behind, but I have family. I wish I could just live my life, without every second of every day, having the black cloud of Brexit hanging over me. I wish I could apply for citizenship to another country but I can’t because I’m too British. 
The Tories think they’re clever putting out 29 dire warnings of a Brexit no deal on a #RoyalWedding day. But they don’t seem to realise that outside of Daily Express land people couldn’t give a shit about the lavish wedding. But they do care about their own children’s futures. 
Another #BREXITBETRAYALThe EU and UK negotiators have been secretly planning to extend the transition period beyond 2020, meaning Britain would be forced to accept the bloc’s rules and pay a Brexit divorce bill of much more than £39 billion 
A transition deal is a BETRAYAL The Northern Ireland backstop is a BETRAYAL Proposed extension of custom union and single market membership is a BETRAYAL.Just a few betrayals from this slimy, Remoaner government. Brexit cannot be delivered by May or any of her ministers. 
Government advises some companies to consider moving their headquarters out of UK in no-deal Brexit  
At no stage or at any time have I ever expressed any enthusiasm for WTO hard Brexit option and I’m at a loss as to how a simple factual statement that we’re already in WTO could be misread as such. But it is typical of what has become of public discourse. Best to you too.  
Coming up over the weekend, a new article on  'The EU Referendum - Something Doesn't Smell Right' it's all about money, people and data - thankfully at Brexitshambles, as in Canada, we're not too concerned with 'Political Sensitivities'.....  
‘I feel the hand of history on my shoulders, and the hand of Peter Robinson in my pocket.’Perhaps as she negotiates with the DUP on #Brexit, @theresa_may should remember this from Gordon Brown’s ‘My Life, Out Times’: 
The very fact that a Customs Union pact is even being discussed post Brexit is a ploy, there's already a time restraint & it expires 29 March 2019. We've archived nothing, the ERG should hold their heads in shame, this is nothing less than a betrayal of trust & stain on democracy 
Where we are: the best available Brexit is "medium disaster", Kent CC are installing portaloos all along the M26, HMG is being held hostage by terrorist sympathisers, the Met are refusing to investigate known criminals. Correct me if any of that is wrong. 
Do we need to dig out the handy guide to the significant differences between Brexit and the Millennium Bug again?OK, here you go:  
Above all the Tories may be planning to do away with democracy as  I cannot see how a government pursuing a #Brexit policy it knows will ruin millions of its own people can possibly hope to remain in power if it had to face the any kind of free and fair election. 
Seems to me that #Brexit is at heart a power grab by people who would like to rule Britain like Seventies Argentina the similarity could even  extend to losing the Falkland Islands 
#Brexit has led to a government with no respect for democratic norms giving itself power unprecedented in peace time it  is a policy which Theresa May knows will be extremely damaging to the point of civil unrest. A Perfect excuse for declaring a state of emergency 
The government has appointed a minister for food supply and is planning on turning Kent into a lorry park this indicates the government expect s #Brexit to be bad it is also preparing for civil disorder 
Theresa May claims no deal won't be so bad yet her own governments reports warn of grounded flights food and medicine shortages and  massive job losses due to #Brexit yet is pushing on regardless with a policy it knows will be harmful the UK 
Airing their views when they represent so few is helping them. Learn from Brexit. Learn from Farage. Stop enabling the #FarRight 
So after two years of aimless #Brexit manoeuvring, this is where we are today: the UK will likely stay in the customs union and single market for the foreseeable future; have no say on policy; and pay more into the EU budget after Brexit than before. Well done, Leavers. Chapeau. 
Revealed: secret Brexit plans for transition extension to appease DUP   Once you pay a bribe to a blackmailer the blackmail never stops! So who is running the U.K.? It is "Not" Theresa May Nor the Tories. 
Brexiters are the opposite of patriots. Wittingly or unwittingly they serve Putin, Trump, the Kochs, Mercer, the tax-dodging press barons, and a wealthy elite who would gladly ruin this country in order to to slash the taxes & regulations that eat into their profits.#Brexit 
Government advises some companies to consider moving their headquarters out of UK in no-deal #Brexit Yes, that's right, the government is recommending UK businesses relocate to the EU.#Brexit madness 
Tony Blair back in his Sedgefield constituency on whether he has any sympathy for @theresa_may and whether he thinks Brexit will happen. More on his fears for the North East on #bbcpoliticsnorth 11am Sunday BBC1. 
No-deal #Brexit would wipe out deals that deliver 12% of the UK’s total tradeWell done #Leavers, that's 1 in 8 of UK jobs you have put at risk. Hope you're pleased with yourselves, after all you knew what you were voting for.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Forget the noise generated by partisans in BC's electoral reform referendum and study the series of articles at The Tyee. Simply the best analysis done anywhere of voting systems.#bcpoli #pr4bc #FPTP #cdnpoli 
New flag for Brexit Britain being tested in Walsall. We prefer our flags...  
Nobody was proved wrong. What happened was many experts and skilled people spent a long time analysing, planning then repeatedly changing and testing all the systems to mitigate and impact. Compare that with the gross ineptitude of those in charge of Brexit. 
What the “Second Referendum” / “Peoples Vote” people wont tell you: “UK would still lose EU budget rebate if it decided to cancel Brexit.” - Independent.   
Time to #endthechaos and let the people decide - Which? MD Alex Neill said a no-deal #Brexit could mean “a bonfire of consumer rights and protections... would massively weaken people’s rights to take action when purchase faulty/dangerous products 
Is it even possible to become more Brexit than this?  
I attended this poignant event in the European Parliament where we welcomed people whose rights have been cruelly undermined by the Brexit process & whose lives have been made unbearable by xenophobia. Brexiteers should be ashamed of themselves.  
Hammond says 'Brexit deal dividend' would deliver economic boost: Imagine the economic boost if we decided to remain in the EU. Business confidence boosted, the pound boosted, inward investment boosted. Our rights guaranteed!   
If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped - Petitions  
Brexit means Brexit, Leave means Leave, Out means Out. What part of this don't these stupid fucking politicians understand. Extensions, Backstops, we just want to get out of the bloody place. For Christ sake somebody get a grip and do what 17.4 million people asked you to do. 
A sincere thank you to @GaryLineker for again showing leadership where others have failed, or haven’t bothered. #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
My opinion is that the BBC the Tories and Labour are all oxter deep in the brexit fraud scandal and if the MET police investigated it and exposed the truth it would be worse for Britain than brexit itself. 
Theresa May’s Brexit speech had shades of Hitler | Letters  
I will be going into the Warrington Beer Fest in approximately 30 minutesI will be turning my mobile data off so I can have a 3 hour break from brexit 
Time to #endthechaos and let the people decide - Northern Ireland forced to take drastic measures to stop the lights going out. No Deal #Brexit would scupper the all-island electricity market shared by Northern Ireland and the Republic  
The Brexit campaign broke the law. Here’s the alarming reason the Met Police aren’t investigating.By @wrightismight 
FULL STORY:Simon Coveney, Irish DPM tells Sky News“We can’t accept a time limit” on the Irish Brexit backstop and plays down chances of a deal next week: 
I hate what our Govt & Country now stands 4 in the end it isn't about Wrecking the Econ..not just about the theft of our Rights or loss of influence... it's ultimately about the type of Country we are...And frankly all that #Brexit stands for stinks to high heaven.#NotInMyName 
Hammond is lying as only a Brexiter can. A reduction of uncertainty due to a deal is not a dividend, it is a reduction of the damage done by #Brexit. #LeaveLies have made a mockery of #Brexit as a democratic process. #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit preparations underway at the Gateway to the Continent.  
Andrew Bridgen: I put my letter of No Confidence in publicly in July.We can’t carry on like this!I’ve done my bit & would urge colleagues to put letters in who will be absolutely shocked if we are locked in CU.I think we'll get 48 letters!#Brexit #EU 
Remember when those who suggested it would take at least five years & probably longer to get to the 'final destination' was dimissed as PROJECT FEAR.Customs Union ad infinitum was always a likely end point. Can you imagine the next government wanting to talk about Brexit?  
Ireland's deputy prime minister has warned the UK government his country "can't accept a time limit" on a Brexit backstop agreement aimed at preventing a hard border on the island of Ireland  
Many decent people voted for brexit on a belief that it was the best option for them and their family at the time. Many of those people are #remainernow & are appalled that the #brexit vote has normalised death threats to MPs or public officials for simply doing their jobs!  
The EC evidence has clear implications. If you "respect" the 2016 referendum result then you ALSO "respect": - Corruption- Fraud - Illegality- Cheating- Vote-Rigging- Buying political results- Lying in adverts ...but NOT democracy. No. Not democracy. #StopBrexit 
5pm on a Friday and the UK govt decides to publish this..."Meeting climate change requirements if there’s no Brexit deal" 
It's a good job Brexit isn't a divisive subject...All-new Have I Got News For You. Tonight at 9pm - Only on BBC One.  
They are right.... the PM and her No 10 cronies are lying to the British people about their woeful Brexit plans.  
Brexit: Leavers are out in the cold and totally misrepresented: The real reasons a majority voted to leave the EU are being ignored as a smokescreen of racism and xenophobia is thrown up by the pro-corporate liberal left, writes JOHN TYRELL  #Brexit #EU 
Brexit - hats off to the Government for not delivering anything anyone voted for 
Let's not forget all the portaloos coming to the #Kent countryside soon, but  Leave voters will surely love them since they voted to have them AND they're blue to match our new post-Brexit passports. Oh joy isn't Brexit great!  
Andy Davey on Brexit negotiations #BrexitShambles #TheresaMay – political cartoon gallery in London  
I appreciate I'm late to this but am assuming someone's already made the joke about Brexit backing Patisserie Valerie not being able to have their cake and eat it?@guitarmoog @ottocrat - one of you must have? 
A People’s Vote will clear the air once and for all. We have the knowledge now unlike 2 years ago. The abomination would be pushing Brexit through against a current Remain majority. 
It's a good job that thing "The Troubles" was just a fiction dreamt up to thwart brexit and not something that really happened and all those people are still alive. And they all over happily ever after. Thanks Arron. 
NEW: Irish Deputy PM @simoncoveney tells me on @skynews: “we cant accept a time limit” on the backstop proposal, directly contradicting Brexit Secretary Raab saying backstop “would have to be time limited in order for it to be supported here”./5 
UK "has a very bad negotiating position", says the man who negotiated Brexit.  
Indeed, and I await your report on the Saudi Government's murder of a journalist in their embassy in Turkey. And the ongoing slaughter of unarmed Palestinians by the Israeli armed forces. And the Police decision not to investigate massive electoral misconduct in the referendum. 
Help Me Spread 'Bollocks To Brexit' Message Across the Capital & Beyond - It's Definitely Not a Done Deal!  
Ireland 'cannot accept' Brexit backstop time limit, Republic's deputy PM says  
It’s 2091, the 72nd year of the transition period. The DUP are still refusing to allow checks in the Irish Sea. At school, a small child learns that Brexit was about taking control. "But we’re rule-takers”, he says. The teacher sighs and starts to explain: “it began with a bus…"  
After 2 years of chaos in the Brexit negotiations, the deadline for finding a deal is in just 3 weeks time.#PeoplesVote 
T Robinson is being backed by the BBC, in the same manner it backed Farage and UKIP. The BBC is following a deliberate racism agenda under the guise of free speech that fascist deny others.The rise of the right following brexit is deliberate to reinforce a moneyed class coup. 
#Macedonia, Parliament:after the failed referendum & voting procedure with 10 votes Yes & 7 No, the governing majority failed to secure 2/3 majority in the Constitutional Committee, necessary for amending the Constitution in the line with the Prespa agreement signed in #Greece 
Could the Parliamentary arithmetic facing Theresa May help lead to a second #Brexit referendum? Watch Meg Russell @ConUnit_UCL  on #TheWeekinParliament at 11pm tonight. 
Extending the Brexit transition period for another year would be another year of vassalage that would cost us £££s. It is also surely the slippery slope to a checked-out-but-can’t-leave purgatory, encouraging the EU just to continue playing for time...   
Ireland's stocks will outshine Britain's after Brexit, JPMorgan analysts say  
Cameron calls Referendum, and then he just Fu*ks OFF!" #bbcaq #C4News #Newsnight #Marr  #bbcqt  #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #GetTheToriesOut 
⁦@Foodanddrinkfed⁩ on the no-deal notifications:“This is all utterly dreadful. Govt must pull its finger out & deliver significant progress at next week's European Council or start the process of extending the Article 50 deadline”.#Brexit  
ATIKU DID NOT CHOSE PETER OBI FOR HIS VICE BUT BRITAIN AND OBASANJO DID FOR HIM TO SEE WETHER THEY WILL WEAKING #BIAFRANS AND MAKE US CHANGE OUR MIND ON #BIAFRAREFERENDUM , ONE MILLION PETER OBI WILL NOT STOP BIAFRA REFERENDUM @AMAKA_EKWO @EMEKAGIFT @NKIRUKANISTORAN 
 via @GuidoFawkesGerald Batten correctly was today furious with Jo Coburn Presenter of Politics live.Told beforehand he was going to be asked about Brexit.He’s was waylaid by questions about Tommy Robinson.Batten understandably stood his ground. 
Me: *Debating if I should give up fighting to #StopBrexit*Pros: Get my life back, get rid of permanent anger, save £££, stop boring my mates, no trolling, less Twitter & more fun!Cons: Errrrr....BrexitMe: Okay, #StopBrexit it is, then! 
Chris Bryant: I'm a remainer & I'll remain a remainer until my dying day. I have a dream of a country that is internationalist.. that shares its sovereignty so as to achieve a safer/better & more prosperous #EU..& I feel #Brexit has become a nightmare#PeoplesVote @RhonddaBryant 
Going ahead with #Brexit means either:- also leaving the #singlemarket & #CustomsUnion, taking a huge economic hit- or staying in them, but having to follow the same rules as everyone else, without having a say on them anymore So, do you prefer: 
Newsworthy interview with @simoncoveney incoming on Sky News.. till then in Galway, Ireland’s extraordinary business preparedness roadshow involving €5000 grants, advice, €100 millions subsidised loans for Brexit affected business.There is nothing like this happening in U.K.:  
Netflix could be blocked for Brits in Europe under no deal Brexit  
I do hate this picture, very disingenuous. For the sake of balance:Voted to #Remain: 16,141,241Did not vote to Remain: 48,858,759 #Brexit #UK 
Why are people acting surprised by this? Had we voted Remain on 23rd June 2016 we were always eventually going to:- Lose the rebate - Adopt the €- Join Schengen The only version of Remain was always "Hard Remain". This was why we HAD to vote leave.#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
#Brexit .. against the backdrop of @DeclanKearneySF statement to the effect that his party has NO intentions of joining an Executive with @duponline without PARITY OF ESTEEM being nailed down, talk of any Stormont influence on Brexit outcome is for the birds. 
No deal notices. Millions of people who aren’t Brexit obsessives are blissfully unaware our Govt is preparing to unravel our country rather than bring itself to say that we as a country got it wrong. 
. @Spotify and @NetflixUK content could be blocked for U.K. Citizens after Brexit, in the event of No Deal. Game changer. #PeoplesVote#FFS 
Brexit has become a horror show under May.   
There are no Brexit options that leave Britain better off.There are no Brexit options on offer that Britain voted for. 
"The people of Northern Ireland should not have to wait and see if the lights turn on in April 2019. That is why the government must give the people the final say on Brexit with an option to remain." @EdwardJDavey on latest no-deal Brexit papers 
I sometimes think we should drop this referendum discussion, If @governorkibwana is doing great with the same constitution then the problem is not our constitution but Our leadership. The kind of people in power will never help this country even if you reduce legislators to 10. 
Government warns #Eurostar could stop under no-deal #Brexit#ProjectReality again. Well done #Leavers, more chaos at your hands. 
Okay now can we have the same thing on discussions of the extremely damaging brexit we are facing and serious scrutiny of the fact that brexit will make everyone poorer and none of the leave promises will be kept.  There is no brexit dividend.  The public should know that. 
BACKED: @LeaveEUOfficial ads urge locals to support Telford MP @lucyallan and join the local Tory Association. “She’s fighting for a real Brexit in the House of Commons, and standing up for the people of Telford against the disgusting grooming gangs.” 
Tory Commons leader Andrea Leadsom ready to quit over Theresa May's #Brexit plans Let's face it, nobody would miss you @andrealeadsom, so just go. @sarahwollaston would for a far far better job. 
Most Labour supporters voted Remain and many more have turned against Brexit since. The figures are even higher for party members.Labour MPs must remember this when May's deal comes to Parliament. Vote down - and demand that the people get the final say. 
The backstop is being widely perceived as a back stab of the 17.4 million people who voted leave. Let’s get back to Lancaster House principles and deliver on the referendum result. 
"The fact that the Prime Minister is willing to gamble with the electricity which powers thousands of homes in Northern Ireland is deeply disturbing." @EdwardJDavey on no-deal Brexit papersWe can #ExitfromBrexit > 
#Brexit, Royal weddings, blue passports, bribes, flights all over the world doing SFA - there's an awful lot of public money being WASTED these days and nowhere NEAR enough being put back into public services. Welcome to the UK - the place for the few to screw over the many! 
Inevitable. But all impetus to solve the Brexit riddle will disappear. We will be left with years more uncertainty for business. Years more stasis in Government. Years more erosion of our social fabric. And years more of Brexit crowding out resolution of our many other problems.  
Downing Street are saying the backstop no longer needs to be time limited while Dominic Raab, the Brexit Secretary, is saying there will have to be a time limit. Either the government position has shifted during the day or they're all over the place... 
But she still opposes another #ScotRef knowing this is where #Brexit is taking us.....! @kezdugdale you need to have a serious word with yourself 
Companies may need to consider leaving Britain or restructuring to continue operating after a no-deal Brexit, the government says  
Britain will have to send billions to Brussels after Brexit if it stays in customs union 
UK's public spending watchdog warns of severe impact of no-deal Brexit  It's clear that Brexit is shaping out to be a disaster. It's also clear that a #PeoplesVote is the only way to stop such a disaster. 
Wrong. The big story of the week is why Leave is being accused of buying the referendum when Remain actually spent millions more than Leave, sent government leaflets to every house and even recruited Obama to spread Project Fear.  
If #Brexit is cancelled it will be a victory for millions of ordinary people against the machinations of elites like Jacob Rees-Mogg and Aaron Banks. The sheer front of these people in trying to pretend it is liberal elites fighting Brexit is unbelievable.#PeoplesVote 
In Friday's Brexit Briefing, Theresa May embarks next week on the most critical and dangerous part of her entire Brexit strategy  
The DUP last night called for a new Tory leader to replace Theresa May and threatened to bring down the Government if she does not abandon her Brexit proposals.  
If we had gone for an EFTA/EEA Brexit right from the start, even an interim Customs Union wouldn't be necessary. Because all the energy that has been wasted on soundness-signalling could then have gone into building a new customs arrangement, and pursuing free trade.  
did you not out the teenage co-director of a Leave campaign used to illegally channel funds into the Brexit referendum when he exposed you  
Scots would back independence in the event of a “no deal” Brexit, suggests a poll. But the SNP’s top brass are wary of calling for a vote  
A no deal Brexit could bar Britons from Netflix and Spotify, the government has revealed  
Britain's EU membership fee 'will go up by £5bn if Brexit reversed'  
Since the EU referendum, has your trust in politicians gone up? stayed the same? or gone down? 
That’s more like it. Well done @peoplesvote_uk . Real people will be the ones who stop Brexit. This feed should be flooded with their stories for months ... not just ahead of the March.@Andrew_Adonis @campbellclaret @MitchBenn#finalsay #peoplesvote #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Now the EU's finance chief DEMANDS Theresa May make MORE concessions before there is a #Brexit deal No Deal becomes a much attractive prospect with each passing day, especially given the eternal VASSALAGE that the EU are currently offering 
BUNGOMA leaders led by Wetangula say they won't support a referendum to 'resurrect political careers of some leaders'.  
NEW: Brexit Sec insists a NI backstop has to be 'time-limited', 'short' and cannot leave us in 'indefinite limbo', as 'that would not be leaving the EU'. Significantly stronger than Downing Street simply saying it should be 'temporary' this morning.  
European citizens are our friends, our colleagues and our neighbours, in many parts of the country, they are a core part of the community. St. Albans is the perfect example. With locals worried about the impact Brexit will have on their local area.Hear their stories below.  
Best of luck to @lara_spirit who is making her debut on #bbcaq this evening, on its 70th anniversary show. Lara is a founder of @OFOCBrexit and a formidable campaigner against Brexit and for young people. She will be brilliant! 
I @KRLS am together with all my government colleagues that helped me to organize the 1-O referendum, accused of rebellion and risking 30 years of prison. 6 of them are still in prison as well as the President of the Catalan Parliament, C Forcadell. 7 of us continue to be in exile  
Another Tory remainer MP faces being deselected because of her undemocratic views & wish to overturn Brexit. Sack the lot of them & tell them to join the LibDems..  
Just to be clear:The 'Brexit dividend' is now defined as AVERTING DISASTER.Don't fall for it.Any Brexit is a bad Brexit.   via @FT 
This local Brixham fisherman was not happy with his local MP Sarah Wollaston's call for a second EU referendum. "That's the end of democracy."FULL REPORT:  
Brexit means Brexit  
This racist woman went on a vulgar rant on a train... and it’s become common in post-Brexit Britain  
Point me to a tweet where I’ve been optimistic about the WTO post-Brexit.  
Looks like my hunch was not wrong... What's left of green and pleasant Brexit Kent is under Brexit threat. @GeorgeMonbiot 
So Patisserie Valerie is being investigated for fraud but the corruption within the Brexit campaign isn’t... far too sensitive...what bollocks! 
The Gov have really lost it.  They're pretending that if there is a no-deal #Brexit, they'll run around, replicating the trade deals they've just walked away from. More proof that @theresa_may triggered Art 50 without a plan, putting the Tories first, country last#StopBrexit 
You can call everyone who votes for Bolsonaro/Trump/Brexit-type movements racists, hateful & despicable - tell them they are so reprehensible & primitive that they don't even deserve to be heard from - & it might be cathartic, but it doesn't make them go away or change thinking. 
Who will you vote for in the next GE? #PeoplesVote #GeneralElection #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit 
Hammond says 'Brexit deal dividend' would deliver economic boost’: This is complete rubbish, it would be better than nothing but would not make up for the decline caused by Brexit. We would be far better off in the EU. Hammond knows this.  
BOOMING: Brexit Britain boost as UK remains on top for global currency trading. This is one for the Remoaners!  
As damning assessments of Brexit go... this by @IanDunt is right up there.The fact that it’s been fuelled by weapons-grade incompetence, dishonesty and cowardice must make it the biggest ever betrayal of the UK by its politicians. 
Back in the North East, back in Sedgefield, Tony Blair spoke to students but also to me. Brexit may have come up! More on @BBCLN and exclusive broadcast interview on #bbcpoliticsnorth this Sunday. 
Here's a more comfortable subject for you - which should also grow your audience:Why is the Metropolitan Police failing to investigate criminality in the 2016 EU referendum, citing "political sensitivities"? 
EU’s share of the world economy is declining. EU predicts 90% of future growth is outside the EU trade bloc. UK exports to the EU are ~44% & declining. Considering these #BrexitFacts how would you vote in a rerun of the 2016 EU referendum?Remain or Leave? 
Eurostar services from Britain to Europe could stop running in the event of a "no-deal" Brexit  
No-deal Brexit could see the lights go out in Northern Ireland  
BREAKING: Confidence and supply, Irish-style. Fianna Fail leader has written to Fine Gael's Leo Varadkar proposing that both COMMIT to keeping their arrangement until AFTER Brexit deal is done... 
“There was no agreed referendum in Scotland” says Spanish vice president  
Capitulating to Brussels will be the easy part. After that, May must lie to the Brexiters, bully the remainers, and call the bluff of the Democratic Unionists.As the Brexit circus enters its final month, here is its tightrope.My latest in @guardian 
Dear Remainers, insulting each others is not a good look. We may not agree with ways of fighting Brexit or even if we can fight it. Let's try to be civil to each other. 
Andrea Leadsom, the newest MP threatening to quit over the so called Brexit Red line. Just a pity none of them had the decency to quit when people were dying of starvation, hypothermia, suicide because of the policies the Torys voted in.Not happy now though,Suck it up buttercup 
Raab: "Securing a good deal with our EU partners remains our top priority. But, if the EU doesn't match the ambition and pragmatism we've showed, we have the plans in place to avoid, mitigate or manage the risk of no deal - and make a success of Brexit." (2/2) 
“Humpty Dumpty” words as @valmcdermid  so wisely observed when listening to @RossThomson_MP  last night on @bbcquestiontime.      “Ambition and Pragmatism” are the opposite of what the UK Government has shown and no one can “make a success of #Brexit”.  
if, as looks likely, the reality of Brexit results in Swiss-style border controls for gear/merchandise throughout the EU then touring anywhere outside the UK is going to be financially/administratively impossible for us. sorry. we'll try and fit in one more tour. 
This #Brixham #fisherman gives his view on a second #EUreferendum, and it doesn't look good for local #MP #SarahWollaston. "That's the end of #democracy."   @CCHQPress @Conservatives @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #UK 
BREAKING: Michael Martin writes to Leo Varadkar and asks that both commit to not collapsing the government until Brexit is settled. 
A comprehensive summary of all the upsides of Brexit by 'Timothy'. This is astonishing work.  
no offence, but pretending things aren't happening when they are is literally exactly your editorial policy in other domains, e.g. brexitunless the "they can see" bit is doing all the heavy lifting and you're admitting your journalist team just follow fash on twitter.  
WATCH: Ellie is marching on October 20th because she believes Brexit will be bad for her generation. Join her at our #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
Exclusive: Theresa May given until Monday to change her Brexit plan or suffer Cabinet walkouts  
Bungoma Senator Moses Wetang’ula says the referendum should not be used to resurrect political lives of election losers.  
Radical means not repeating "Labour will never do a deal with the SNP to form a Westminster Govt", Radical is rejecting a fraudulent brexit, Radical is removing Trident, Radical is not cutting teacher assistants in LabTory councils while buying a 15k flagpole for the union flag. 
I think Gvt have dirty secrets. That's what Brexit is about. Nothing to do with delivering the ref result. That's hogwash, since most Leave voters thought Brexit meant remain in the Single Market. So Gvt have to get more & more ruthless to retain power & secrets. Or get caught. 
Cake maker Finsbury Food Group has revealed it is hunting for more UK-based egg suppliers in preparation for #Brexit. UK farmers will be delighted to see companies repatriating their supply chains. Yet another example of #ProjectPositive#WorldEggDay 
So UKIP's @GerardBattenMEP has Stephen Yaxley-Lennon (aka Tommy the twat Robinson)'s number in his contacts. Says everything about UKIP that you need to know. They are racists. They are fascists. And both the Tories and Labour's front bench are pandering to them on Brexit  
In the world of Brexit, speaking accurately is a radical political act  
Excellent piece by @smismanssvia @UKandEU on the different scenarios on, problems with & solutions for #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK depending on all Brexit negotiations outcomes.  
No-deal Brexit would wipe out deals that deliver 12% of the UK’s total trade  
this is smug, entitled, and wrong.the big story of this week, if not the century, is the refusal by the police to investigate the buying of the Brexit referendum.  Was there political pressure? It is the job of BBC journalists to investigate - that's what I pay them to do. 
If half the lobbying money thrown at a second referendum and stopping Brexit had gone to stopping fracking it would now be banned like in France and Germany. Elite interests don’t care. 
To sum up this week:People dying on #UniversalCredit so Tories gag charities#Fracking to start when legal bid fails#Brexit just goes on and on with no agreements#RoyalWedding £2,250,000 publicly funded, homeless removedWhat a great country we live in.  
Brexit seems unorganized and unprepared for all the issues they created 
We promised you an update on UK no deal technical notes released today:We now know about "Control on mercury if there's no Brexit deal" but still NOTHING on #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK & 1.2m @BritishInEurope.  
Eurostar services could stop under 'no-deal' Brexit, government paper warns  
Is it right that he was asked onto the prog to deal mainly with Brexit and yet exclusively you asked him only about Robinson? 
Spotify and Netflix could be blocked for UK citizens in EU after no-deal Brexit, government admits  
Apart from some beautiful sunrises on my train journey to work, this is one of my favourite sights @PimlicoPlumbers #commonsense #Brexit  
There are many reasons to back Vaughan Gething for our next Welsh Labour leader and FM, but this is a biggie! His views on Brexit chime with the vast majority of party members  
Brexit getting serious  
If freedom isn't worth fighting for, nothing is. Get out and march on Saturday 20 October to help stop Brexit.@peoplesvote_uk 
Looks lovely, Sarah. We've been to your constituency also over the last few days. Here's what your constituents think about your call for another Brexit referendum... Join the #BlueWave and help make the @Conservatives conservative again:  
Jonathan Pie: "I like to have a word with David Cameron about Brexit! - He calls the Referendum, and then he just Fu*ks OFF!"#WhereIsCameron #C4News #Newsnight #Marr  #BBCqt 
Government papers say Britons could be barred from accessing their accounts for Netflix, Spotify and other online entertainment while travelling to EU member states in the event of a no-deal Brexit 
Britain would lose EU rebate even if it decided to ditch Brexit: EU official  
The Government's latest contingency papers say the Eurostar would not run subject to multi-lateral arrangements being negotiated between the UK, France and Belgium in the event of a no-deal Brexit 
Brexit already hurting UK economy and no-deal risks recession, says Office for Budget Responsibility  Brexit risks damaging the UK. We want a #PeoplesVote to stop that from happening. Support us here: 
If Brexit doesn’t happen and we are still in the ECJ & the customs union,would you be prepared to march on London,please retweet so as to gather a larger audience 
This is what stumps me. Why would UK ever be able to negotiate “better” trade deals outside of the EU? #brexit 
Millions of consumers face immediate 'catastrophic' consequences from no-deal Brexit, says Which?  
At last, the Brexit dividend  
BETRAYED: Local ex-fisherman in Sarah Wollaston's constituency of Totnes blasts the MP over her call for a second referendum. "It's about time Sarah Wollaston woke up to the bloody idea what she was voted in for she's got to do."FULL REPORT:  
We've had the discussion Val.  It's lasted 11 years, since the SNP became Scot Gov.  We had a decisive Referendum.  Picture is clear.  Discuss among yourselves in Nationalist-land if you wish, just keep us all out of it.  
A pleasure to meet the French Ambassador to the UK Jean-Pierre Jouyet today. We had a very positive and constructive meeting to discuss Brexit and its economic, political & cultural ramifications for Wales, the UK and Europe.  
Labour veteran MP @MikeGapes confirms that #Labour backbenchers won’t vote for May’s #Brexit deal:   via @labourlist 
I follow him. In the lead up to the 2014 referendum his was the first social media voice to be heard for independence. His adverts were removed from Glasgow underground as I recall. MSM were rattled by his sharp analysis. He's still as sharp. I don't see him as the enemy. 
I'm no fan of #PeoplesVote at best of times, but playing gender card as tho women in particular bullied in to #brexit = so insulting. Some of the most convincing & passionate advocates of Brexit on national and  LOCAL stage were women, many  not usual suspects but new to politics  
Corner them, and they have nothing but racism, nationalism and xenophobia. James O'Brien's Brexit Call Labelled The Funniest (And Scariest) Yet  
Government will try to replicate existing EU free trade deals with Canada, Japan, Korea dozens more in No Deal Brexit, “as far as possible” and “as soon as possible” after Brexit day, otherwise WTO tariffs will apply: Government new No Deal notices  
"It's not the job of BBC journalists to pretend things aren't happening when they can see that they are." Really? You're doing a pretty good job of ignoring the fact that Brexit was won on lies, fraud, criminality, dark money, foreign interference & social media manipulation. 
Anyone else get the feeling a Brexit Fudge is about to unveil with shouts of “Brilliant Britannia Beats Bolshevik Brussels Bureaucrats” headlinesThen the smoke and mirrors goes into full deployment aided and abetted by the corrupt UK media, sorry propaganda units. 
After brexit I may become a none voter, even if it's stopped.I've never voted Tory and Labour can shove my vote up their arse because of Corbyn's none existent opposition on brexit.I'm just so sick of the lies and bullshit. Completely disillusioned is an understatement. 
This is why a Second Referendum isn't going to happen.  
Can we really rely on Theresa May's assurances that she will not agree to an indefinite customs union with the EU?To answer that question, we can look at how many times the PM said one thing over Brexit and then later did something completely different  
I am sure that people in Ireland know how to judge the friendship of Brexiteers who have in recent months suggested that Ireland could join the UK in Brexit or who have been suggesting that the GFA is not so important going forward 
We are firmly on course for the worst Brexit imaginable. Still inside the EU customs union for years to come and the implant in a legal treaty of a permanent CU status. Cheers Theresa.   
The government has put £15.4 billion of taxpayers money aside as an emergency contingency for a no deal Brexit. Over one year, that’s almost £300 million a week that could have been spent on the NHS instead. Put that on a red bus. 
Fudge, fudge, fudge.Even before the details emerge, the *semantics* are being fudged.The future of our country    is more important than keeping this shambles of a government together by stumbling over the line to a botched Brexit that no-one voted for.  
The PM wants Brexit. The 'Opposition' Leader wants Brexit. Poll after poll shows the country no longer wants Brexit.Our democracy is dying in front of our very eyes.#PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
Westmonster visited Totnes to see what locals thought of their MP's call for a second referendum. This constituent said she joined the Tories to deselect Sarah Wollaston.'She's not doing what a majority of her constituents want her to do.' FULL REPORT:  
Significant.   The gulf between what is needed to conclude even the poor type of #Brexit deal being discussed and what a politically hamstrung  Prime Minister can deliver is as wide as ever no matter the spin from the Chancellor and Downing St.  
Tory MP @sarahwollaston has called for a second referendum. But last year this constituent claimed she said the exact opposite to him on his very doorstep... "She has betrayed us." FULL REPORT:  
S&P 500 down 5.3% the past two days.The only other times it lost >5% in 2 days in recent memory?US debt downgrade in Aug '11, in Sept/Oct/Nov '11, August '15, Brexit, and Feb '18. 
"A climate change tipping point can be avoided if we all take action now. It is just a pity that Brexit is likely to hamper that fight." 
Hamley's, the British toymaker, has become the latest casualty of Brexit as it registers a £12m loss in a year described by it's chief executive as "one of the most challenging in UK retail history"When will the government get the message?  
Chancellor pontificates about a #Brexit  “deal dividend” hoping to bamboozle and bribe Tory MPs and , through them, their constituents.   Reality is that #Brexit is already costing hundreds of million pounds and will go on doing so, in any deal short of full membership. 
Doesn't Morley & Outwood MP @andreajenkyns feel any responsibility whatsoever to the roughly 50% of her voters who did not vote to Leave and who will suffer the consequences of her reckless approach to #Brexit? Not to mention the many who did vote Leave but now regret it.  
TM finally forced to confront the reality of #Brexit as her cabinet, party, and DUP threaten her daily. This is a mess that needs a #PeoplesVote to sort it 
The threat from climate change is as immediate as that from Brexit and the two problems must be tackled together.  
Fully agree! @BorderIrish can vouch for my anti-brexit credentials.  
This is a dark period in the history of Britain. Brexit opened a Pandora’s box of intolerance, racism and xenophobia. Media backed demagogues have been let loose across the country. But remember, this is not normal. And it’s up to us to make sure that it can never become normal. 
Over 800 statutory instruments need to be passed by Parliament to prepare for Brexit.   That nearly 5 every single day for the 168 days left.Laws need to be drafted, checked, proposed, discussed and passed.FIVE every single day including weekends and holidays.  With this Gvmnt? 
Remember when a Sunday Times leader described the UK after Brexit as a "beacon of freedom"?  
.@OwenPaterson: "I’m an ex-Northern Ireland secretary. The border must not block Brexit"  
We need to raise this somehowIdeas?????There is some sinister cover up going onCanada is investigating Cambridge Analytica illegal activity in referendum but no reporting in UK 
1/ The government is trying to cover up electoral crime & Russian interference. Lies have been peddled on an unprecedented scale. Our politics is pervaded by hate & threats of violence & civil disorder which are being used to force through #Brexit.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
@mrjamesob @JasonJHunter and I have been to Geneva, Brussels, Gibraltar, Belfast and Dublin. However bad you think Brexit is going to be, it's going to be WORSE. We HAVE to stop this James. You're playing a critical role. Keep doing what you're doing. 
Even if a deal emerges, there is nothing to celebrate in Brexit. It will be bad for Ireland, north and south - @M_AndersonSF tells #Brexit conference in Warrenpoint #rights4all 
"I have come here to talk about Brexit and now you want to talk about Tommy Robinson" @GerardBattenMEP to @Jo_Coburn  "Why don't you invite him on to your show?"#politicslive  
In the light of today’s announcement that there will be no time limit on the back-stop which forms part of the Government’s #ChequersPlan, perhaps @sajidjavid will come forward   #StandUp4Brexit This will undoubtably lead to permanent membership of the CU & SM and is not Brexit pic.twitter.com/58QmhULNnJ 
Juncker: a Brexit deal must be found  
James O'Brien's listeners labelled his conversation with this Brexiteer his funniest - and scariest - call yet.@mrjamesob | #Brexit 
Says that "there WILL be points of failure within HMRC" post Brexit. 
Sir Amyas Morse National Audit Office Comptroller tells Select Committee that the Gvmnt didn't realise what Brexit meant until they started thinking about preparation for Brexit a few months ago. (In my words, they hadn't a clue what they were doing and now panic is set in). 
Theresa May cannot recommend Brexit deal says DUP  It seems that nobody is happy with what Brexit is turning out to be. That's why it's crucial that we get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. March with us next Saturday:  
The year is 2018.Two and a half years after a referendum campaign that has since been proven involved illegal activities.The government ploughs ahead regardless.Welcome to the UK.  
On which planet is the daily politics on BBC seen as balanced . It's like a right wing Tory Brexit talking shop - it's a disgrace 
We've hired a 3rd coach from Cambridge to London for the #PeoplesVoteMarch on Saturday 20th October. Demand is high, so book your ticket today at  This is our chance to end the #BrexitShambles! #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
EU Budget Chief Oettinger says that the UK would lose its rebate if it votes to Remain in a second referendum. Not only do these people want to humiliate our country, they want you to pay the price for that national humiliation.  
On many occasions both the PM and the Brexit Secretary said the backstop would be time limited. This is critical. If it isn’t then the UK including Northen Ireland would be trapped in unacceptable arrangements unless and until the EU decide otherwise 
Which are just some of the reasons why many of us voted against triggering Article 50 in the first place - as well as having no clarity as to what Brexit really meant And with 6 months to go, I'm not much clearer.  
Periodic reminder that even the NHS' chief thinks Brexit will harm it  
No. 10 have refused – four times – to say the Customs Union backstop would only be temporary. Theresa May is diluting Brexit to the point where it is essentially Remain, ignoring the largest ever mandate given by the people.Lobby your MP! Those who value democracy MUST act now!  
Sir Ivan Rogers on #Brexit:'Two & a half years on we are lost in campaign mode on fantasy island.No plan, little planning, oodles of PPE tutorial level plausible bullshit.Extraordinary, indeed I would say culpable naivete - almost daily for 2 years.' 
I’ve been saying for days that provision in NI Brexit backstop keeping UK in customs union would be “temporary”’but would not have legally binding end point. A negotiated Brexit, and @theresa_may’s survival, hinge on whether her ministers and MPs can live with this paradox 
‘The anthem of Europe, much hated Brexiters, is the ‘Ode to Joy’ from Beethoven’s ninth sympthony. That symphony was commissioned in 1822 by the Philharmonic Society of London.’  My speech on Brexit’s impact on the arts in the House of Lords yesterday  
#brexit dupleader’s GP Dr May refused to share consultant Barnier’s diagnosis with her so she made an appointment with Mr Barnier who broke the bad news to her. Clearly this pushed Mrs Foster’s blood pressure sky high and even MEP Diane Dodds’s lasagne started to repeat on her. 
Thread. It’s Brexit In Name Only, folks...  
"You will find nobody in the arts world who doesn’t think there is an enormous black cloud on the horizon in the shape of Brexit. We are so dependent on ideas, talent, people moving freely. Freedom of movement was nothing but good for us."  
Brexit has shone a very sharp light on the (lack of) competence and professionalism of many of our MPs. To be forced into a national decision of this magnitude by such a bunch of ignorant, dishonest and self-serving mediocrities is asking for the mother of all backlashes.  
Just as we launch a petition calling for a referendum on Irish Unity we have been banned from our 128,000 strong Facebook Page for 30 days.Don’t let them stop us. Please sign the petition, give us a follow and share this. Thanks #UnityRef  
Unionists can rejoice. If they lose the next independence referendum, they can quote the Nicola Sturgeon doctrine on Brexit: if you don’t like the first result – vote again and get a chance to reverse the decision.  #indyref2 #brexit #snp 
As we can see from the “betrayal of the Brexit vote” comment, Brexit remains, after more than two years, something the Brexit Bunch still can’t agree about. But they also say we have to “get on with it” without knowing what “it” might be. Utterly bonkers. Stop the madness.  
One more reason why greedy Tories want Brexit. On the 29th March, 2019 the UK state pension would need to comply with new EU laws which would mean DOUBLE  for most pensioners...BREXIT MUST BE STOPPED !!...PLEASE RETWEET WE OWE IT TO OUR PENSIONERS !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
EU27 consultations in Warsaw. Constructive meetings this morning with PM @MorawieckiM and Minister for EU affairs Konrad #Szymanski. We continue our constant dialogue with EU27 Member States. #Brexit  
Theresa May abandons pledge for 'time limit' on UK's stay in customs union as part of Brexit deal  
Nigel Farage got the Country to hold a referendum on EU membership and won Brexit, all without being an MP. 
I will will be appearing on BBC 2’s Politics Live with Jo Coburn after 12.15pm. Hopefully, talking about Brexit.  
Theresa May has to make MORE concessions to Brussels before they will give a Brexit deal, EU finance chief demands  
DON'T THREATEN - DO IT!!!!! We all know EU will have no incentive to reach a final deal if she sells us into the chequers betrayalMay on the brink as ministers threaten to QUIT over Brexit plan  via @MailOnline 
The ONLY way to stop Brexit is civil disobedience. We must ALL find a way to attend the #PeoplesVoteMarch on 20 October 2018 , 12 noon , Hyde Park London. We must make it #1million , we must make it clear we will NOT accept Brexit . EVER#Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch#London 
If the UK commits to a NI border backstop, it’s committing to membership of the single market & customs unionNobody believes the EU will honour a hypothetical end-dateThe British people voted to take back control over money, laws borders & trade. Anything less is a Brexit con  
Good to see Nicola Sturgeon accept that, should the public vote to leave a political and economic union, and it becomes obvious the divorce settlement will make said country poorer, then the initial result can be overturned by a second referendum.Noted. 
As Brexit talks progress, UK PM May struggles to find support at home  
Wouldn't it be great if the UK could trade all over the world after Brexit with countries like Chile, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia and Ivory Coast?  Bloomin EU stopping me getting this from my local supermarket....  oh WAIT... look at the labels!  
Jim Sillars in @thetimesscot today picks up on on the issue I raised in my column earlier this week: If Brexit requires two referendums then what about Scottish independence?  
Will EU citizens in the UK & @BritishInEurope finally know what the UK Govt's plans are on #citizensrights in case of no-deal Brexit? We will keep you updated.  
One of the reasons I campaigned in 2016 against Brexit was the prediction of a Hotel California fudge: UK can check out but it cannot leave. Now, Mrs May is preparing to sell this fudge to the House of Commons as her great achievement.   
eg, I was going to mention that Owen Paterson, who wrote about me yesterday, saying I’m not a problem, also wrote a report on post-Brexit agriculture advocating the end of state payments, which would decimate farming in the border counties on the UK side me. But now I won’t 
May on the brink as ministers threaten to QUIT over Brexit plan  via @MailOnline 
Here's a solution to #BrexitEngland emancipates itself from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. England goes its own way with its full English Brexit.Scotland, Wales and NI remain in the EU We get what we want, England gets its freedom from us and Europe.Why not? 
Fantastic turnout for Brexit Conference #OnTheVerge in Warrenpoint People deeply concerned @MichelBarnier & are standing up & fighting for their rights Environmental RightsWorkers RightsDemocratic RightsSocial Rights Sometimes you don’t know what you have till it’s gone 
Gunther Oettinger , the EU's Budget Commissioner, confirms to me that in the "improbable but pleasant" event of a Remain vote in a second Brexit referendum, the UK would have to give up its rebate "The gradual exit from the rebate would still be kept"That 4.5 bn pounds a year. 
EU budget chief Oettinger says UK would lose its rebate if it votes to Remain in a 2nd referendum: 'If in the improbable but pleasant case that the UK were to remain the gradual exit from the rebate would still be kept. It’s something that’s no longer appropriate.' 
Hmm, the old "publish the bad Brexit news on the Friday afternoon while there's a royal wedding" lark. If some more Z-list celebs have a random snog, it'll be Number 10 PR bingo!  
Hard to believe that this country is poised to alter the course of European history by forcing through the perverse result of a criminal and fraudulent referendum. Against the wishes of a clear majority of all its decent citizens. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
The moment you realise you been had by Nigel Farage's flag waving shite!   
As I wrote last year, it’s vital that we understand Brexit not just as the product of illegal spending etc, but as a broad constitutional crisis in a country struggling to escape the shadow of its empire:  
Think it's official the U.K. Is officially a Banana Republic. The Met Police told not to investigate into corruption and fraud in the referendum.The stink of this governments corruption. Is pungent in all points of the U.K. Bollocks to Brexit. 
“This prime minister says one thing and then does another”, says @Nigel_Farage. She is betraying Brexit in front of us - our politicians must act!Lobby your MP to get their letter in and help to remove her from power, she’s done more than enough damage! 
The Tories have the country in utter turmoil.Tory Brexit has been a farce since day oneUniversal Credit is pushing people into destitutionOutsourced corporate services are collapsing around our earsThe NHS is in its death throesWake up. Enough is enough.#ToxicTories 
There is no constitutional barrier to the Irish government extending the right to vote to Irish citizens living in the north - barrister Mark Basset tells large crowd at @M_AndersonSF's #Brexit conference in South Down #rights4all 
There are those calling this 'Brexit in Name Only'. It's not!This is a Brexit that ACTUALLY surrenders British Sovereignty!Market pressures and the countries you trade with are what shape your laws. By setting the rules of the EU, we're FAR MORE powerful on both! 
Reports that the Government is preparing to agree to a backstop arrangement which would keep the UK in the customs union indefinitely would suggest that Theresa May is preparing to break one of her key promise on Brexit. 
‘Hammond says 'Brexit deal dividend' would deliver economic boost’There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.Hope that’s clear.  
"I think it's very rare in life that you get to use the benefit of hindsight."WATCH: @GaryLineker's powerful argument on why he's supporting our campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.Join our #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future on October 20th:  
Jon Thompson(Chief Exc HMRC) received death threats after he revealed the cost of the “maximum facilitation” proposals(£20b)"We have had 2 death threats investigated by the Metropolitan police for speaking truth unto power about #Brexit” - " We have had to change how I travel"  
Two surefire ways to resolve the Irish border problem:1. Accept the advisory referendum result and join the eea/EFTA.2. Reject the advisory referendum result and stay in the EU.Option (1) will cost jobs, option (2) won't.Take your pick. I choose (2). #StopBrexit 
Where are all the Leave voters in Kent who should be coming out in support of their new lorry parks, they wanted it and voted for it, it's the Brexit dream come true, we're #takingbackcontrol 
This is what they're doing with your Brexit vote.Does this sound like 'taking back control' or surrendering it? 
Whether Mrs May's customs union plan is permanent or happens for a few years, it should not be happening at all and is a betrayal of the Brexit vote. This Prime Minister says one thing and then does another. 
He says Brexit should make Polish politicians aware that 'setting people against the EU is not without consequences'. 'If you engage in political point scoring on real & imagined faults of the EU then the public may fall for this propaganda & vote against our interests'[15/17]  
Sikorski: 'if (the UK) succeeds, other may follow, but if it fails then in dozen or so years from now - when a younger generation that voted against Brexit takes over - it may apply for readmission, with its tail between its legs, this time aware of its real weight'.[14/17]  
In probably the key part of the book, Sikorski admits that 'even he didn't anticipate the full consequences of Brexit' with UK having to replicate several agencies & renegotiate hundreds of international agreements - and being 'a genuine pig' of the A50 process[13/17]  
*723* immigrants who went to their MP for support have been reported to the Home Office by that MP since 2012. Absolutely appalling! This is the reality of the #HostileEnvironment. Plus: Brexit is already further enabling it in unprecedented ways by extending it to EU citizens.  
How, in the name of sweet Jesus, are women "disproportionately impacted by Brexit?" I'm all ears...  
Brexit is black cloud for UK arts, says former National Theatre boss  
Brexit's already affecting business owners in the North East.Nobody voted for rising prices and increased living costs - this is why we need a #PeoplesVote 
Furious Brexiteers on the verge of quitting over Theresa May's plan to keep UK in customs union after Brexit  
Well @RuthDavidsonMSP  your rubbish answer as to what benefits brexit would bring to Scotland, is exposed as pish of the highest order. There are no benefits as well you know.  
"No, Labour MPs aren't going to vote for May's Brexit Deal." Spot on from @MikeGapes 
‘May’s approach to Brexit has never had space for compromise with the 48% of the UK that voted remain. But she has consistently made compromises with a section of the Tory party that cultivates a particularly reactionary form of Anglo-Britishness’  
The last winter before Brexit and 70 vital beds in #Manchester could be unusable because the NHS trust has 100 vacancies. Our health service is under threat this winter and that's only going to get worse if we don't stop Brexit. 
Will the #LateLateShow be interviewing an Irish MEP who actually knows & understands Irish issues, alongside Nigel Farage, who doesn't understand Ireland but roars at us to obey his brexit agenda? Balance, impartiality, objectivity, evidence etc. @RyanTubridyShow ? 
This person in the vid is what I grew up with. Imagine coming across someone like her, as a 7 year old kid, shouting at you on your way to school alone. I had people like this screaming at me on a daily basis. Then it got worse... Now Brexit has emboldened these ubiquitous fools.  
Here it is...Come out from the tunnel, put the kettle on, and listen to this week’s Brexit Republic. The border, the backstop, the Brexiteers - and what Arlene Foster’s Brussels trip meant. Also a deep dive into rights, the EU and the Good Friday Agreement  
BREAKING: Andrew Neil takes HUGE swipe at Bono as he HILARIOUSLY mocks state of #Brexit talks.“There is a rare shaft of sunlight this week, Bono turned up in Brussels to declare Europe is a thought that needs to become a feeling, I am in service of that"Don't do drugs kids.  
So. The referendum result was a result of the leave campaign breaking the law. The Met aren't investigating, and neither government nor the opposition are doing anything about it. It's the 5th of November in a couple of weeks. Just saying, lads... 
Theresa May is toast.We only wait now to see if the toaster was set at no.3 or no.5.No chance she survives all this, not now the con has been laid out for all to see.A mistake was made, accepting the word of a Remainer, but as with all things anti-#Brexit it was another trick. 
'Women are disproportionately impacted by Brexit, but our voices are being drowned out'  
Scotland's leading academics have penned an open letter in support of a people's vote, warning that Brexit will have devastating consequences for student opportunities and university research."Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal"  
Health department cannot guarantee 'supply of medicines' after Brexit, MPs warn  
Did the UK have to ask the EU for Permission to have a referendum?No,because the EU is a union of equalsIf Scotland therefore has to ask permission To have #indy2 therefore self evident The UK is NOT a union of equals.#AreYouYesYet 
“Fail to prepare and prepare to fail” is message from the Irish DPM Coveney praising the Roy Keane mantra of “obsessive preparation” of Irish business for Brexit...He’s brought all the Irish Government top Brexit advisers to meet Irish business as part of this tour now in Galway 
Unreal. Met Police stalled criminal investigation into 3 pro-Brexit campaigns (involving @BorisJohnson @michaelgove ) -citing “political sensitivities”One would think the country might just need to know about crimes committed during Brexit referendum. 
Vienna’s solution to controversial pedestrianisation of 1.6km Mariahilferstrasse: 8 month experimental closure followed by  public referendum, with 53% in favour. Today 70% say they would have voted yes #HealthyStreets2018 #healthystreets 
Hammond is trying to claim victory from a fudge deal that pleases no one and makes everyone worse off. Meanwhile he's holding back £15.4 billion in case of failure and Grayling is turning Kent into a car park. Enough of these clowns, the people should have the #FinalSay on Brexit 
Now travelled from Larne in Northern Ireland, across the border, through Storm Callum to Galway to meet @simoncoveney telling packed hall of Irish businesses that its Government will pay for their Brexit readiness plans, as they shift supply chains from UK via @BrexitReadyIRL 
Brexit is black cloud for UK arts, says former National Theatre boss  
In the EU quarter they are assembling a LITERAL crystal ball as the #Brexit talks enter their decisive phase ahead of next week’s summit.  
If there is one thing I have learned in the long long years since the referendum, it’s that Brexiters absolutely hate it when someone thinks Brexit might not be such a great idea. Guys. You won. You’re getting what you want.We don’t all have to like it. 
NEWS! Pay and Display machines being installed on M20 near Dover in readiness for Brexit  
“I love rebellion, and I love getting rid of things that have outlived their usefulness. Brexit is both – after years of treading water and trading away our autonomy for a pathetic package of Euro-portioned mediocrity.”Julie Burchill chats to spiked 
Leading Scots academics warn of meltdown for universities if Brexit goes ahead  
This is a sure sign that a Brexit betrayal of epic proportions is underway: 'I feel more optimistic than I did a couple of weeks ago': UK's Hammond on Brexit  
So Theresa May proposes to use our taxpayers’ money to bribe the DUP into betraying Brexit — and betraying the voters.  I don’t think they’ll go for it. 
True to form for this government, gagging companies on Brexit with NDAs, stopping the police investigating referendum crimes: “Charities working with Britain's poorest people have been banned from criticising the minister overseeing universal credit” 
It’s almost as if the very politicians who have been pushing Brexit don’t understand the consequences of the Brexit they voted for. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Ok to make the #Brexit shit show to stop YOU need to take action.1.Join #PeoplesVoteMarch 20/10 (free coaches available)2)Write to your MP requesting a People’s Vote 3)Join your local group 4) Leaflet your local area / train station/ village notice boardBe like @SODEMAction pic.twitter.com/kOPvWS5Dij 
Bloomberg’s ‘Brexit Bulletin’ hits the spot: “A Cabinet meeting next week looks like being the crunch moment. Pro-Brexit ministers will have career decisions to make” - ah yes! Their country, or their careers! #PeoplesVote 
It's just 8 days until #PeoplesVoteMarch and we're taking over the streets with NHS workers and patients, demanding that Brexit is stopped to protect our health service. Will you join us?   
This week: Major General Julian Thompson talks about Britain's Special Forces, a very British expertise. And Field Marshal Tony Blair returns to the field with a cunning plan to get a second referendum with Remain on the ballot paper.... Explosive stuff!  
Digital adverts can and do swing elections. If they didn’t, why would governments spend millions on political campaigns? You don’t make political decisions through just your own self-reflection. The amount Vote Leave overspent by was enough to swing the referendum. Period. 
PM risks Cabinet resignations over her plan: Brexit means Remain!Mrs May facing Backlash over her #Brexit plans as Cabinet MPs question her ‘endless’ backstop that LOCKS Britain into a Customs Union with Brussels.NO time limit = UK would NEVER Leave!#EU 
A periodic reminder that brexit is a looming national disaster, not a chance to enrich yourself, gain media attention, or further your political careers. 
If your first answer to 'how do we stop Kent becoming a lorry park of rotting goods waiting days to cross the channel for years on end post-Brexit' is 'build another motorway', you should automatically have to hand your constituency in. 
Give referendum conditions to your wife, Gideon Moi tells Ruto@RobertAlai 
This is what state funded propaganda really looks like. This is the British regime's top story today! They think it will help you forget about #Brexit #Austerity #LowerLivingStandards #Foodbanks #SlowGrowthRate 
The GFA & principle of consent: that a united Ireland could come about if and when a majority of people in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland wanted it. In this instance, the British government would be bound to hold a referendum, and honour the result. Likelihood? 
1/ The Nazis and Stalin both attacked the Jews as rootless cosmopolitans. Theresa May attacked Remainers as 'citizens of nowhere'. Her rhetoric was rooted ... in the hate ideology of totalitarian nationalism, dividing the 'real people' from its enemies.#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Vote Leave steals the EU referendum and the police refuse to investigate.The Republicans are illegally purging voter rolls to steal the midterms and will probably get away with it.But Remainers are the anti-democratic ones. Gotcha. 
Despite what May says, there aren’t just two #Brexit scenarios (the UK leaves with a deal or without a deal). There is still a chance of cancelling Brexit entirely - and it's rising. 
Anyone that wants a genuine Brexit shoukd come and join UKIP. We will continue the struggle for Britain to leave the EU, come what may. 
Let us hope Gerard is given a chance to talk at length about the main issue in UK politics - the hideous establishment sell-out of Brexit.  
Why the arguments against another referendum don't stack up. My latest Brexit Blog post, reviewing recent claims that another vote would be wrong in principle:  
"Above all, critics cannot fail to notice that every time there has been a step forward in negotiations, it is because Theresa May accommodated EU demands." My thoughts on how close we really are to a #Brexit deal:  
NEW BUDGET BRIEFING >> As the UK prepares for Brexit, two thirds of children in poverty live in a working family. This is simply not right. #UniversalCredit needs reform to unlock families from in-work poverty. We need #Budget2018 to #MakeWorkPay >>  
BREAKING: #Brexit LIVE - May faces resignations over ‘endless’ backstop meaning UK will NEVER leave.Jeremy Hunt, Dominic Raab, Michael Gove, Liam Fox, Esther McVey, Penny Mordaunt, Andrea Leadsom.Get May out or watch the Tory Government COLLAPSE. 
Before we can have Brexit we shall have to find a British Trump.  
CRUNCH TIME: Could see Cabinet resignations over Brexit Customs Union concessions. No trade deals for years to come. Breaking promise to the public. Surely you won’t accept this? @EstherMcVey1 @PennyMordaunt @andrealeadsom 
READ: "Women are disproportionately affected by #Brexit but our voices are being drowned out" says @Alison_McGovern in new study which shows men spoke for 90% of the debate on #Brexit:  
Cabinet ministers could quit over Theresa May's 'Brexit betrayal' as PM prepares 'to pay off DUP' 
What happened to the Lancaster house promises? What happened to #Brexit means Brexit?What happened to the red lines? We don’t believe you anymore @theresa_may 
Some Brexit facts..1. We are never going to be ready for a No Deal by March 2. The Gov’s own papers show Project Fear was correct about a No Deal3. We can’t have an extension without unanimous EU27 vote 4. There is no way for the Opposition to force a GE 1/ 
Yesterday, the Spanish Vice President, Carmen Calvo, blatantly lied saying that the 2014 Scottish referendum was not officially agreed between London and Edinburgh. How did she think she was going to get away with such a whopper? How can the she be trusted again? 
Just had a little browse on Corbyn's tl. He tweets about anything - ANYTHING - other than #Brexit, such is his desperation to avoid it.On the biggest issue our country has faced in over 70 years, the leader of the 'opposition' is silent.What is the point of him?#CorbynOut 
#Brexit means turning the M26 into a giant car park full of lorries with rotting food. Not sure what part of taking back control that is. 
Thanks @spaceangel1964 Psychologists, psychotherapists and GPs are now well aware of the impact of Brexit on people’s health and mental health.  Autoimmune problems, insomnia, anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts all around the country.  
"Brexit and travel has the potential to turn into a disaster movie, and I can’t for the life of me see who will come to the rescue." 
If the Tories let May go ahead with her sell-out of Brexit, they will pay a huge long-term political price. My latest Brexit Central piece.  
Is this why Brexit negotiations have been so fraught? Men spoke for 90% of the debate on Brexit in parliament – new study  
Extraordinary if so. It seems Brexit means Brexit now even means UK police investigations are being suspended to facilitate it  
Folks, I'm truly humbled by the amazing support in our fight against Brexit.   Thank you all so much!  Filming today, on @talkRADIO tomorrow with @alexisconran and developing campaign strategy on Sunday. Ready to hit it hard from Monday! 
Ivan Rogers quoted former Danish ambassador Claus Grube in his Cambridge lecture.Grube's article here and well worth reading to really understand EU27 interests. When the UK says "flexibility and creativity", the EU sees an attempt to export the costs of Brexit onto Europeans.  
I'm a #Brexit moderate who voted #Remain, but since we're going to #Leave we must make it work for us. I can't therefore see that either parliament or I would vote for Britain to be locked into a permanent open-ended customs union arrangement! 
“So long as women are outnumbered 2:1 in Parliament and male MPs refuse to let women speak in the debates, there can be no such thing as a meaningful vote. For women’s voices to be heard, we need a People’s Vote on Brexit.” -@SophieRunning #PeoplesVote 
"In October we expect maximum progress and results in the Brexit talks. Then we will decide whether conditions are there to call an extraordinary summit in November to finalise and formalise the deal."  Donald Tusk. 
Theresa May again faces possible Cabinet resignations as her customs union backstop 'has no time limit': Brexit News for Friday 12th October  
"Negotiating Brexit has proven to be like trying to ride a bicycle up a sand dune. Utterly exhausting, ultimately impossible. And the opportunity for Mrs May to admit this will be upon us soon."  
Just over a week until the #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future. On Oct 20th we will march for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. This is the most important protest for a generation, and we need you there to help make it massive.Join us today:  
A seminal speech on #Brexit by the expert diplomat ousted by Theresa May’s Downing Street because he spoke truth to power.  Worth reading every word ......  
DUP yet again given platform to utterly misrepresent people of Northern Ireland & business. Brexit is huge threat to jobs,employment, access to cross-border services. Access to both EU & UK markets is essential for NI- Why are DUP determined to rob NI of having a fighting chance?  
As we reach a crucial stage in the Brexit negotiations I have been asked by various diplomatic contacts across Europe to be circumspect in what I say and so, understanding the sensitivity of the process, I will not be pointing out: 
“A backstop would tie us to a Customs Union, therefore not being able to exercise the real benefits of Brexit, of setting our own tariffs or trade policy. I think the PM needs to pivot when it comes to Chequers & look at #SuperCanada” @RossThomson_MP#StandUp4Brexit #BBCQT 
One has to ask a very basic question about companies who willingly signed or were forced to sign non disclosure agreements when they met the UKGov over brexit - what the fuck are they hiding from us all? - and why would they agree to do that? 
Brexiteer @NadineDorries lashes out at Tony Bliar as the warmongering dinosaur intervenes yet again in the Brexit debate, calling for another referendum. Don't recall a People's Vote on Iraq when he lied to the country and sent our boys to their deaths. Do you, @campbellclaret? 
We need to know the truth about Russia interfering in UK elections and the referendum We need to know the truth about Murdoch interfering in UK elections since 1979 and the referendum 
Still nothing on Jeremy Corbyn's twitter feed (or anywhere else for that matter) about the #Brexit negotiations. Nothing to contribute as Britain goes to hell in a handcart. The Cheshire cat's disappearance was marked by a smile.  We don't even get that.#r4today 
“This will provide much-needed clarity for our EU staff and for universities.”Nearly 50,000 #EU nationals working in UK universities will be prioritised if they apply for settled status in the UK after #Brexit, the Home Office has said. 
We are coming to the end of 2018 and not once since the referendum has a #brexiter told us what we will gain as individuals as a result of losing our EU citizenship due to #brexit@abcpoppins @A50Challenge @RobertCPalmer13 @albawhitewolf @JasonJHunter 
When I told a friend of mine who lives in #Kent there will be massive traffic jams there, she responded with "Ha ha, I'd still vote leave".  I now find myself secretly hoping that she gets stuck in one of them.#Brexit #M20 #M25 #M26 #A2 #OpBrock #OpStack #schadenfreude 
Brexit means Brexit. This is followed by a full stop not a back stop! 
Patisserie Valerie - why is it that wherever you find support for Brexit, fraud never seems to be far away? 
Wow do all lib dems have amnesia? Tim can't remember selling the post office with the Conservatives.  Vince can't  remember voting for a brexit referendum,  and Nick can't remember he tripled University fees for students.  
Brexit is like 'moving your business to Narnia' say small firms  
Major motorway closes overnight for six weeks to be turned into post-Brexit lorry park without any consultation with local council or MPSA state of dictatorship creeps over the country as the dark shadows of Brexit come nearer. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Can I humbly suggest that if John Humphrys is finding Brexit a bit boring and tiring it might be a good idea for him to go and have a nice lie down and let a journalist who is interested in the future of the country have a go? #r4today 
In Gibraltar with a delegation to meet with @GibraltarGov  industry and civic society on #brexit in the real world. Safe to say there’s a few implications.  
Is this what it comes down to?Brexit and the future of Britain is going to be determined by 10 DUP MPs and Arlene Foster who wasn't elected to Westminster.  
UKIP Leader Gerard Batten will be on Politics Live, BBC 2 starting at 12.15 discussing UKIP, Brexit and Tommy Robinson’s picture with British Army recruits. 
From the “news”paper that’s been pushing for Brexit for years “No-deal Brexit could cause the worst economic crash since the 'Three Day Week' in 1974 with the Pound slumping and Britons hoarding food, government watchdog warns”:  
The opportunities of a clean Brexit are immense - not just for the UK but for the European Union too. @BorisJohnson is absolutely right. 
If somehow we manage to salvage a sovereign Brexit, a large slab of the credit will go to the Ulster Unionists. After threatening to veto the upcoming budget, they've launched an attack directly on Theresa May. Support us at  
Mr Johnson, you are a charlatan  using #brexit for political gain. Your words here mean nothing. They are just bluster. The truth is you went for Leave because Cameron was Remain and you just wanted to oppose him to aid your leadership plans. If he'd been Leave you'd be Remain.  
Did people vote Brexit to 'take back control' so we could hand it to the DUP? A party that can't even represent its own people in Northern Ireland, who voted Remain! That £1 billion bribe didn't work very well. PS We always had control while in the EU.  
Ireland is the Achilles Heel of Brexit - because you can’t have a new border which isn’t a border, even if you are a magician 
"Boris is a shallow populist" - Dominic Grieve on Brexit and why we need a People’s Vote.  
Nomura sees 5 key risks in the markets you need to know: 1) #China slowdown vs US outperformance in and among trade wars. 2) #Italy budget w/a potential “vicious circle” of higher yields, lower growth, worse deficits. 3) #EM underperformance 4) #Brexit talks 5) End of global #QE. 
Brexit is a totally unworkable and unnecessary mess. - no “easiest deal in history”- no “buccaneering Britain”- no £350m windfall for the NHS- no sunlit uplandsJust a bunch of lies, no solutions, devastation on our economy and a return to border instability in Ireland. 
8 days until the #PeoplesVoteMarch. Join us on Oct 20 as we march for a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal.This is the most important protest for a generation, and with our records for flyers, RSVPs, and coaches smashed long ago, it should be huge!RSVP:  
The Falklands might revert to Argentina when they go bust because as a result of Brexit they won't be aligned to the EU single market any more and hence unable to flog their loligo-squid to Spain .....Well, there's another thing that wasn't on the bus !! 
Do we still need tests of "whether the UK Government is willing and able to protect Scotland’s interests"? Surely that question was settled a long time ago. | UK accused of using whisky as a bargaining chip in Brexit talks  #DissolveTheUnion 
If you can’t explain to me how #Brexit will benefit me, the young people and businesses, then you are under a duty of care to change direction. #explainorchange#remain 
Spin and more spin but how close are we really to a #Brexit deal being done? My thoughts:  
Is this opinion based on his dodgy dossier? Did he call for a peoples vote before he took us to war in Iraq? Didn’t he say the will of Parliament was enough? No mothers will lose their sons or children their fathers as a result of #Brexit #Weaponsofmassdesructionfearmonger 
“It’s come to a pretty pass when [an MP] finds out that works have begun on a motorway to turn that motorway into a parking lot without consultation either with the local community or with surrounding [MPs].”The days of consultation are over. Get used to it. #Brexit  
How does it feel to be one of the 6% - the EU nationals who have made their home in the UK and who feel let down by the experience of the last two years?Both talk about Hella's life in the UK and share their thoughts on Science in the UK post Brexit. 
How many people realise that the nightmare of the last 2 years of Government mismanagement of the Brexit negotiations which have resulted in insecurity & damage to the economy is just the start? If this act of wilful vandalism goes ahead we will face decades of destruction. 
Brexit motorway lorry parks...and where is Her Majesty’s Opposition? Are they making a mockery of this idiotic government? Are they trying to save the nation from this Brexit calamity? NO! Silent, because their drone of a so- called leader backs this Brexit farce. We are undone! 
As warned about in @Change interim brexit report in October 2017 @RogMull 
Theresa May might have to be replaced to ensure DUP deal 'stays in place', party's Brexit spokesman warns - The IndependentHappy Days!Our Ulster brothers staunch as always No surrender!   
Men spoke for 90% of the debate on Brexit in parliament – new study  
The UK economy since the Brexit vote — in 6 charts -  Very useful. 
The final paragraph quoting a Home Office source is the killer - "The Electoral Commission has done a thorough job. Fines have been made for the mistakes made. But we move on."We're fucked, well and truly fucked. 
Lee Rotherham: What’s the point of Brexit if we’re shacked to a customs union?  
More good Brexit news as giant Japan bank Daiwa relocated EU HQ from London to Frankfurt. 
Cyprus Confirms Post-Brexit Rights For Expats  via @iexpats_com #brexit #Cyprus 
The Bank of England’s Brexit assumptions are looking increasingly doubtful as the clock ticks down to the U.K.’s departure date  
Oh @Keir_Starmer #corbyn’s #labour Party is also very much at the wheel of this #brexit car. Why on earth do you help deliver this catastrophe? History won’t be kind.  
The M26 in Kent is undergoing a series of closures as work begins to turn it into a Brexit lorry park in case of no-deal. Chris Grayling has been criticised by the local Tory MP for reneging on assurances that the contingency measure wouldn't be needed! #BrexitShambles #r4today 
None so blind as James O'Brien. There is a deliverable and positive Brexit to be had but he refuses to acknowledge its existence. It's a lie by omission. #Brexit  
Traders are bracing for a volatile pound as Brexit's moment of truth nears  
My Dad’s 97. Was a tank captain in WW2. Fought from Normandy to Germany. Won MC. Recently awarded Legion d’Honneur by France. He’s horrified by #Brexit. 29 March 2019 will be his 98th birthday. What a shit present that will be  
► VIDEO: Hillary Clinton has called #Brexit, "one of the greatest self-inflicted wounds of modern history", warning that it must not be allowed to damage the peace process  
Ireland signs up to French version of the Commonwealth in bid to wield more clout after Brexit  
Brexit and travel: Leaving the EU is turning into a disaster movie for holidaymakers  If you're worried about the impact of Brexit on your holidays then demand a #PeoplesVote with us on October 20th: 
"Latest figures show the warnings of economic self-harm Brexiteers such as Boris Johnson derided as "Project Fear" are fast becoming real, while the promises of a Brexit dividend are still too remote even to assess." 
Well a-bless my soul, I seen some cEUte things in my time but I think this guy takes the dog biscuit. With him onside we got this doggone #Brexit licked for sure. Keep the faith people, see y'all on 20th October at the #PeoplesVoteMarch  #FBPE #Wooferendum #StopBrexit 
May’s betrayal of her Brexit pledge will consign the Party to the annals of history. Combined with their ongoing transition towards socially democratic liberalism, they are today unrecognisable as the party of conservatism. A party in the death throes 
I can remember writing the day after #Brexit that @duponline had just committed political suicide, and they were the only ones who didn’t know it. Looks like they might know it now. #TickTock #IrishUnity 
Fishing may not interest you but look at this. Again, Brexit isn’t what it seems. A single Dutch company owns 25% of English fishing rights. Not the EU’s fault. The UK government’s fault.   
The future of life in the UK looks bleak if @theresa_may is allowed to continue her suicide dash towards the Brexit cliff. But given her legendary secrecy, reports of gagging orders being used, & active obstruction of criminal activity how much worse is it really? 
UK, you have a problem.You’re actually *adapting* your motorways to turn them into truck parks to cope with #Brexit. Do you not see how mad this is?  
European summits show Brexit won't be over until it's over  
A friend of mine,send me this photo..that this is Baringo women rep G. Tungu launching a project~when is the referendum guys??  
Brexit deal, muddle or disaster: the 3 UK scenarios  
Did the people of India every ratify the constitution? How about we have a clause-by-clause referendum on it.  
Why doesn't England save itself serious money and cut subsidy junkies Scotland adrift? There would be no more English austerity and they can have their Full English Brexit!People of England, ask your MPs why not?I'd love to hear their reasons for keeping us in their Union. 
I am pleased to announce that the National Government and the ABG have agreed to the referendum question.  Advancing peace in #Bougainville 
Brexit: PM's compromises a 'concern' for cabinet ministers  
Sir John: Jacob Rees-Mogg and the ERG are ‘intolerable bullies’ | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European  
2019 ELECTION; #IPOB DIASSOCIATE ITSELF INSIST ON #Referendum. THE EMERGENCE OF @MBuhari, @atiku AS FLAG BEARERS, CONFIRMS RADICAL ISLAMIC FULANI DOMINATION AND CONQUEST OF NIGERIA.#StopBiafraKillings#FreeNnamdiKanu#SupportBiafraReferendum@UN_HRC@UN@nlitvin@Amaka_Ekwo 
I wrote y'day on why indices will fall;Do note,plunge in #Sensex y'day was global in natureKey RisksUS 10Yr #Yields may cross 3.5%Disorderly #Brexit by March 2019#Quitaly;Italy may exit EUAustralia's 27Yr property boom,overHard landing in ChinaGlobal debt@$182Trillion 
#FakePresident, pathetically, trumpets his moral depravity as a world leader.Nothing about him communicates the American values we need represented in 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.Mid-Terms are a referendum on a return of American Values to D.C.#SaveAmericaVoteBlue 
Montgomerie calls on Tory MPs to oust May over Brexit  
@fotoole @world_affairs on Brexit Ireland and the English Question. Watch out for Fintan’s “Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Politics of Pain” due out next month. Meanwhile, catch him tomorrow @montalvoarts @IrelandinSF @INBayArea @uiccsanfran @KQEDnews @sfchronicle 
I struggle to understand Kezia's reasoning.Even though she agrees that a No-Deal Brexit would be a catastrophe for Scotland, she wouldn't change her mind on independence, because she believes we're better in a union.So, why not back an independent Scotland in the EU?#IndyRef2 
The referendum wasn't governed by the rule of law from the start. An advisory referendum treated as a mandate. The PM disregarding of her obligation under Ministerial Code and common law. UK is in a very dark place. The people just haven't noticed. 
How the Wikipedia article on Ulster Province pre-Brexit left and how it will look after Brexit right! Tiocfaidh ár lá  #Think32 
A must read!! “... any proposed changes meet the highest standards of transparency, integrity and public support.” - Falcon. Unfortunately this referendum is lacking all 3 - and then some and some more! #NoBCPropRep #PropRep #BCpoli #stability 
‘Apparently a comfortable majority of English Conservatives would support Scottish independence (79 per cent) or the collapse of the Northern Irish Peace Process (75 per cent) as the price of Brexit.’ 
Kent motorway to shut as work begins on possible post-Brexit lorry park brexiteers completely mad as their plan destroys the British economy mugged by reality   
Mr. Sánchez, as a Socialist you must agree that to keep a Monarchy invented by Franco (the Fascist who invaded a democratically elected Republic) is very strange. If the Spanish people still agree with Franco 's choice, show that through a referendum in all the Spanish territory 
Health department cannot guarantee 'supply of medicines' after Brexit, MPs warn  
This is " #FakeNews " according to Spanish Vice-president @carmencalvo_. She said this morning "the Scottish independence referendum was not agreed".The amount of dirty politics and lies used to deny a democratic vote to solve the "Catalan issue" is becoming unbearable.  
3. And everyone will want to carve off their pound of flesh..Top table in the EU to supplicant nation in one easy lesson...#Brexit 
Agreed.Brexit is the biggest electoral scandal in the history of British democracy, countries with nothing to gain from bringing the up like Canada are calling it out, yet the BBC is just *silent*. 
#Saharawis staging a sit-in front of #France embassy in #NewYork to denounce the continuous blocking of the unfulfilled #UN referendum in occupied #WesternSahara  @cynthiabasinet @IDiplomat @javierbardem_ @knightOfLA @USUN @franceonu @innercitypress 
The US has learned about Infowars, and now the oxygen has been removed from that hate site.Meanwhile the BBC has done two profiles of Yaxley Lennon, but has not investigated Brexit cheating and Russian influence A sin of commission. A sin of omission. A strategic choice.  
I agree completely it's astounding the craven silence & tacit complicity of the overwhelming no. of MPs in this invalidated #Brexit.They exhibit what would be considered gross negligence in any other walk of life.As to the EURef based on lies & illegalitiesNOTHING TO RESPECT  
Tonight the @bbc glorified a criminal racist thug.  It chose to ignore the story that @metpoliceuk is NOT investigating #Brexit crimes due to political pressure.  @bbc has become a full scale Far Right propaganda machine.  @RobBurl you should be ashamed 
So she disagrees with the result of 2014 Scottish Independence Referendum... Oh and 2016 EU Referendum result... She wants the EU Referendum rerun or reversed or at the very least rerun the 2014 Scottish Independence Referendum...Fascists not big fans on upholding democracy!  
Shameful propagation of Yaxley Lennon myth of censorship (he broke the law and the right to a fair trial)From the same people who refuse to cover, Vote Leave, Leave EU and Cambridge Analytica law breaking around Brexit.  
Unethical lying journalist & Brexit fan @afneil insisted "you lost" the EU referendum, didn't mention his sides criminal cheating did he? #BBCTW #BBCQT 
The Eagle has landed! Brussels London BelfastDerryWarrenpoint Cuppa tea & muffins before head meets pillow probably not the best nightcap but me thinks me will sleep Tomorrow - #Brexit Get up & fight for your rights  
“Beyond Brexit, she does not have a vision for the country. She does not have an alternative to what Jeremy Corbyn… is putting forward as radical solutions” @leicesterliz #bbctw 
How could any pro-Brexit minister stay in the Cabinet to support the UK staying indefinitely in a customs union with the EU post-Brexit? Did *any* of them truly think that's what they were asking Britons to vote for in the Referendum? 
In a programme of many moments, this was the one for me. When a brave woman tried to tell @RossThomson_MP about the effects of #Brexit on her life and was resoundingly dissed. #BBCQT #ideology 
Spot on. Frankly it's  dishonourable for any MP to support this undemocratic  treachery, which Theresa May plans to impose on UK. They all stood on a Brexit manifesto. #ChequersPlan is a cop out. May should resign, or be removed. Let's get rid of the toxic blueLabour stench. 
The DUP thrive & survive on division & sectarianism. They want an economy dependent on the public purse, so they do not encourage private enterprise. A return to violence would be a dream come true for the DUP. Why? To make sure Dublin can’t afford NoI.  #FTDUP #BREXIT #qt 
"The Corbynistas, however, are positively cheery compared with Tory Brexiteers, who grow glummer by the day as the Maybot concedes everything they hold dear in the Brexit negotiations" @afneil opening #bbctw 
I'm not here to tell you people have changed their minds on whether we should leave the EU (Others can do that).My point is: The Brexit we're getting is not the Brexit we voted for.Anyone who wants out for more control, isn't going to like a Brexit deal that means less control. 
Brexit latest: talks hit fresh brick wall after PM refuses renewed EU demand for a customs union backstop without a time limit. Last remaining obstacle, but a huge one. May agrees with Cabinet ministers to go long and wait until November for any deal; 
So why apply for 'settled status' before the withdrawal agreement is approved? Before we know the exact conditions?Before we know if there is a deal or no deal? Why apply to be allowed to stay in our own home?And why pay for it?#Brexit #inLimbo 
There has got to be an inquiry into brexit chicanery.  It is rotten top to bottom.  @10DowningStreet itself is disturbingly compromised 
This interview hints at an extraordinary brain drain from Northern Ireland that is a worth closer look, not least with Brexit around the corner.  
They say money can't buy you love...But when it involves the DUP, money is ALL they care about, individually & collectively.Money = DUP/Corruption.Theresa May prepared to pay MILLIONS to ensure DUP support her Brexit plans  
Swiss transport minister Doris Leuthard says Bern and London are preparing emergency agreements to keep flights and road transport going in the event of a no deal Brexit. Switzerland calls it's preparations for a "catastrophic" no deal "Mind the Gap", according to Le Temps.  
Kezia would rather hitch her wagon to the broken #Brexit (which she doesn't want)  Union outside the E.U  rather than live in an independent Scotland inside the E.U (which she supports) She's on the wrong side of history I fear and very confused #bbcqt#Scotref 
“No-deal Brexit could cause the worst economic crash since the 'Three Day Week' in 1974 with the Pound slumping and Britons hoarding food, government watchdog warns. “ I remember the 3 day week, power cuts, the lot.  3% GDP lost in one quarter.  
Well, there is a 670 page book published in 2014, unlike the Brexit back of a fag packet plan.....     
Our national broadcaster could be discussing and explaining Brexit, climate change, poverty, housing, or a dozen other important topics. But it chooses instead to spend time normalising a far right thug with multiple criminal convictions.  
This story is literally the opposite of Brexit. Give me this over that any day.  
My Dad is 97 and served in the Royal Army Medical Corps in WW2.  He was on fire duty when the Luftwaffe rained bombs on Portsmouth. He thinks Brexit is a terrible idea. @SimonBruni 
Brexit is an historic opportunity for the UK of the highest order. To benefit, the UK must once again become a self-governing, free-trading nation. The Cabinet accepted that this means leaving the Customs Union, it mustn’t now squander this opportunity  
Anyone stumbled across a single benefit of the Brexit that we're still squabbling over two years later?Anyone? No...?Oh well. Try again next week.#bbcqt 
It cannot be anti democratic to have a referendum on Independence given the l broken promises in 2014 of stay in UK to lead the UK and also be part of EU .. now we ignored in UK and taken out of EU.#bbcqt 
So @kezdugdale understands how disastrous Brexit will be for Scotland, but still wants to remain on the sinking ship that is the UK just for the sake of a union. This is the problem with Scottish Labour. #bbcqt 
THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT. THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT. THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT.  THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT. THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT.  THERE. ARE. NO. BENEFITS. OF.   BREXIT.  #bbcqt 
Incredible denial of the truth, even by the standards of the Spanish Government. To have their Deputy PM assert that no agreed referendum took place in Scotland defies logic, belief & reality itself. There are photos and a signed document called the Edinburgh Agreement FFS.  
Oh Kezia, there’s no such thing as a good Brexit but you’ll stick it out with the UK anyway. That’s incredibly sad. #bbcqt 
So Kezia you admit Brexit will have a disastrous effect on Scotland but you’d stay tied to a failing union! WTF!! #bbcqt 
#brexit .. @eastantrimmp .. so Sammy says there ‘is no text’ reference @theresa_may and a Brexit solution.. Sammy told us there was no SF/DUP Agreement document back in February. @poots2edwin  boasted  about his input to document:“I did a lot of it so I'd expect it to be good." 
.@kezdugdale says that stopping Brexit is the only way to protect jobs, the economy and employment rights #bbcqt 
I’m relaxed about no deal, but it’s just plain weird of May to insist it’s either Chequers or that, when Chequers doesn’t deliver a meaningful Brexit and there is SuperCanada on the table. 
.@FraserNelson says the SNP are more focused on having a vote on Brexit as opinion on Scotland's independence has not changed #bbcqt 
.@Feorlean: "I would never support policies that would damage Scotland, and what the UK government is doing [with Brexit] would damage Scotland." #bbcqt 
Enough uncertainty.What would you vote for today if we had a Brexit deal vote?Please vote loud and clear, and retweet.I would now vote: 
.@RossThomson_MP says that on the issues of both Brexit and independence, the SNP are 'the world's worst losers' #bbcqt 
.@Feorlean says that if Brexit cannot be stopped, steps must be taken to lessen the damaging impact it could have #bbcqt 
Are we surprised? Brexit means Brexit and nothing sadly can change that axiom.  
Goodnight London! Incredibly interesting meetings together wirh @Gernot_Bluemel with Austrian entrepreneurs, scientists and Jeremy Hunt, @LordCallanan and @hilarybennmp on #Brexit. Tomorrow Ireland and @BorderIrish on the program #EU2018AT 
A thread about Brexit, the UK, Germany and Japanese automotive companies, based on my response to a Brexiter in the FT comments section, where I got a bit fact-ySeemed a shame to let it go to waste. 
We have an NHS Against Brexit (and Scientists for EU) column at the Oct 20th march. Meeting at Dorchester Hotel at …  
Brexit has been the ultimate test of how robust our democracy actually is: from Parliament, to the Executive, to the Courts, to the Fourth Estate, and now the Police.Not even remotely robust, appears to be the answer. 
Well over to Nick Clegg!Is this the same as a back stop not permenantly binding us to the EU?Or Common Rule book on agri-goods & environment not being used to trap us in the CFP?Remain establishment lying its way to Brexit In Name Only. Brexiteers need to oust @theresa_may 
So @MarkDrakeford says in one breath we should listen to Labour members and in the next rules out support for @peoplesvote_uk (which most members want) no matter how much damage Brexit does. Another one who doesn’t understand what leadership means. 
As a passionate Remainer, I warn you. It's not even leaving the EU that's the worst thing about the crooked referendum. The kind of people who will take charge if we let them will destroy all we hold dear in our country. I beg the opposition.Oppose. 
Britain will lose 5,000 City jobs by Brexit Day, minister warns  
Brexit Politicians are the ones calling Brexit voters "thick".They're saying: "We got them to vote Brexit for more control and even though this Brexit leaves us with less control, all they can think is "BREXIT GOOD""We think Brexit voters are smarter than that. #PeoplesVote 
I know, this weird obsession with wearing a small red poppy just to remember these 888,246 men and the thousands of others who died in defence of our country, and other countries, is hardly worth a mention  from a woman obsessed with Brexit.  
Spanish vice PM after a good drink said that Scotland had not an agreed Referendum. She dresses the military police(the ones who beat Catalan voters) hat...  
POTENTIALLY EXPLOSIVE NEWSSammy Wilson, the DUP's Brexit spokesperson, has warned that the Conservatives may have to change leader to "heal wounds" and ensure its confidence and supply agreement "stays in place"There might be hope for Brexit after all 
COMMENT OF THE DAY: We’re not so much through the looking glass here, as having smashed it into pieces, stomped on it and started blaming the looking glass for cutting our feet. #Brexit  
IDS warns Theresa May her 'LUDICROUS' Brexit plans will have DIRE consequences  
A care home owner talks on BBC of factors making it so hard to care for our ageing population and manages to add ‘and dare I say it Brexit.’ 
May planted Robbins to scupper Brexit. He was president of the Oxford Reform Club, a group promoting a federal European Union.His nickname "Sir Humphrey" after the Yes Minister permanent secretary character.What did you expect? Check his Wiki. 
#Catalonia demands a Referendum #SelfDetermination#EUTakeTheInitiative 
That's why @JunckerEU @MichelBarnier and @guyverhofstadt have taken the position they have. They know @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @DominicRaab are part of an entirely corrupt @Conservatives engaged in a corrupt #Brexit project because it's the Will of the Tories not of the people. 
Ok, Twitter poll. Which leader has disrespected the result of the referendum the most so far? 
I fear one of the lasting consequences of the squandering of the #Brexit reset opportunity will be the mass contagion of this sentiment   
Guardian front page, Friday 12 October 2018: Motorway closing to prepare for lorry parking in no-deal Brexit  
If #Ireland gets blown into England from #StormCallum, #Brexit will be awkward as hell. 
So the DUP are now saying that May might need to go to "heal the wounds" and keep their confidence and supply agreement in place. They want a "different direction" on Brexit. The DUP are completely trying to call the shots! 
President @KRLS: “Evidence is so clear that it's almost embarrassing to have to defend the obvious: the UK celebrated a referendum on self-determination based on respect towards Scotland and the will of the Scottish parliament"  
"Cabinet ministers could quit over Theresa May's 'Brexit betrayal' as PM prepares 'to pay off DUP ' At least three eurosceptic Cabinet ministers are said to be considering quitting over the latest concession"Is that a hint of backbone I detect? 
No Labour MP would vote in parliament to support any other policy that would:1) Make their constituents poorer2) Increase unemployment 3) Damage the NHS4) Hit the poorest & youngest hardest5) Prop up a Tory govt Any voting for the Withdrawal Act would do all five. #Brexit 
He endorsed Brexit, caveat emptor. 
Thank heavens we have a former Director of Public Prosecutions heading our Brexit team at a time of national scandal.A press release outlining how we will demand for an immediate end to this perversion of justice is imminent, isn't it @Keir_Starmer 
Significant that he (DUP Brexit spokesman) has gone on the record with this in an interview with me after the briefed off the record threats to vote down elements of the Budget yesterday... he confirmed that in interview... 
A forensic, withering account of Brexit from Sir Ivan Rogers in his recent Cambridge lecture. When the history of Brexit comes to be written this, and his other lectures, will undoubtedly be key texts. But it's still not too late to learn from them.  
Tomorrow's front page: UK's use of whisky as 'a bargaining chip' blamed for failure to agree protection for our food brands in Brexit talks  
For an account called BBC Reality Check I would expect them to know that the 1975 referendum was on STAYING IN the EEC and NOT about joining it. We joined in 1973 after an Act of Parliament. Epic fail!@BBCRealityCheck #brexit  
NEW: DUP MP Sammy Wilson tells me in Larne current impasse “may lead to a different leader” for the Conservatives to “heal the wounds” if they want the Confidence & Supply agreement to “stay in place” by going “in a different direction” on Brexit  
This really is an absolutely brilliant lecture on Brexit by Sir Ivan Rogers. This is a must read for anyone seriously interested in why we are where we are, and where we might be heading (ht @benwansell) 
'Brexit no longer has support of people': Pimlico Plumbers boss SLAMS Tory 'suicide deal' .Wrong Brexitters, no longer support Pimlico Plumbers!  
If there are no cabinet resignations tomorrow as a result of @theresa_may ‘s appalling open ended # Brexit #backstop plan we will know that the @Conservatives are putting party before country and are unfit to lead our Nation  through the Brexit and beyond. 
This is genuinely, jaw droppingly shocking.Police not investigating Leave campaign law breaking because of "political sensitivity"What has #Brexit done to this country?  
Good question - @Keir_Starmer as ex DPP and @UKLabour spokesman on Brexit surely has a view ?  
How much did Obama’s visit cost during the Referendum when we paid for him to come and threaten us in out own country? 
"Emergency workers being hired to handle post-Brexit disruption" Really? Well, er, yes...#BrexitShambles #Brexitchaos 
“That others ignore”?! Have you taken a look at what’s going on across the world, from Brexit, to Trump, to Brazil?Increases in hate crime,”hostile environment” policies, deportations- he’s not being ignored, he’s being responded to -because he keeps being legitimised like this:  
THERE IS NO ESCAPE FROM EITHER A) ME OR B) BREXIT 
Dear @metpoliceuk , I am astonished that you won't continue the investigations into Vote Leave's activities during the June 2016 referendum. Whatever happened to upholding the rule of law please? 
In sum.Vote Leave: broke the law.LeaveEU: broke the law.BeLeave: broke the law.Electoral Commission: acted unlawfully.Police: delays investigation for political reasons.Is this what 'taking back control of our laws' is supposed to look like?#Brexit  
For crying out loud, "Foreigners" do not & never have "made our Laws". Name one law that has been imposed on us against our will. 
Even Theresa May's closest allies know any U.S. deal will be lopsided and American interests will take priority, a senior British official says 
 "I'm not surprised that those who said there was no referendum on October 1 [in Catalonia] now say there was no referendum in Scotland," said former president @KRLS regards comments made by the Spanish vice president. Read more . 
If this was France people would be taking to the streets in protest & manning the barricades. Here in the UK most people just shrug or stick their heads in the Brexit sand #denial 
Brexit, Hard Brexit,  Universal Credit, Theresa May, Esther McVey, Brett Kavanaugh, Donald Trump, Ye, Jacob Rees Mogg, Julia Hartley Brewer, Piers Morgan, the DU f*cking P, Arlene Foster, No Deal Brexit, Climate Change... at least things can't get *any* worse....oh ffs  
Disappointing from @MarkDrakeford “there is nothing courageous about a people’s vote” - Brexit will be disastrous for Wales and confronting the issue takes courage. 
Hillary Clinton - "#Brexit may well go down as one of greatest & unnecessary self-inflicted wounds of modern history"#peoplesvote #FBPE 
No-deal Brexit could cause the worst economic crash for 45 YEARSMore unsubstantiated Project Fear!  
Dear @LenMcCluskey - have you and other Union chiefs been to talk to WTO yet and now aware of the devastating damage Brexit will cause? If not suggest you go this week or i will take serious legal action against you and @UKLabour /Tory MPs supporting Brexit. 
Fashion retailer Coast goes into administration citing 'difficult trading conditions. Or brexit as we call it.   
Dithering former Brexit secretary David Davis has claimed that the “benefits” that Brexiteers were hoping for when the UK leaves the EU are starting to “vanish”  
Sorry, who...?We have had TWO 'People's votes'2016 EU referendum - majority of *People* voting backed Leave.2017 General election - 88% of *People* voting backed parties commiting to Brexit.Now Let's Get On With It - #GoBrexit 
In Spain on holiday and wife needed to see doctor, so we went to the polyclinic, no appointment. Saw doctor within 40 mins, given prescription and then treated by nurse. Showed EHIC card and ID (passport). Nothing to sign or pay. Only €4+ for the prescription. Brexit stinks. 
*Quick plea to Labour MPs who might back the Tories' Brexit deal*1. Labour has a Brexit policy agreed at conference, backed by the unions, leadership and members: any deal must pass the six tests Keir Starmer laid down. May's won't. Don't back it. It's a total hash. 
Great blog by @chrisgreybrexit rebuffing the various arguments against a 2nd EU referendum. In the end, voting is not anti-democratic, giving in to threats of violence is definitely not democratic & as Chris says the UK will be deeply divided whatever way it goes next  
A really nice post-Brexit gesture would be access to the iPlayer 
MPs want a "full and frank assessment" of Brexit consequences from the Bank of England before they vote on any deal  
Oooh check it out: @campbellclaret featured in the @newyorkpost wearing one of my tees! Feeling just a teensy but proud that my Brexit / From Russia With Love tee has now got global exposure haha See link to website in bio #StopBrexit 
Theresa May faces new Cabinet revolt as her customs union backstop for Brexit 'has no time limit' 
Anyone who isn’t prepared to resign over this clear sell-out of the Brexit vote has no business being the next leader of this country. Spineless and pathetic, the lot of them.  
I want1 A Labour government led by Corbyn2 A second referendum and, if the country so votes, for the UK to remain in the EU  
The #Brexit Dividend!  
It's gob-smackingly amazing that Labour MPs have joined in support of what would be the biggest single act of self-harming lunacy in the entire history of the UK. It will hurt the ordinary working stiffs and the most vulnerable the most. KILL BREXIT, DEAD! 
After #brexit, there was a 450% increase in anti-Muslim hate crime in the UK, documented by @TellMamaUK 
"The PM will not have DUP support regardless of whether the Government tries to bribe, bully or browbeat us into accepting [May's #Chequers surrenders]." - DUP spokesman.The DUP MPs are among the only ones in govt circles with any courage and resolve to speak up for #Brexit?  
What is it that you hold most dear? Your children?Your family?Your freedom?Your job?Your NHS?Your planet?#Brexit will affect them all....negatively..DO NOT BELIEVE the lies from those whose dearest dream is power and wealth..#stopbrexit #peoplesvote 20/10 WE MARCH  
At any stage are the @duponline going to propose anything rather than issue continual #Brexit warnings? Northern Ireland badly needs a deal & the #GFA must be protected 
People’s Vote activists will be out campaigning for a fresh referendum on the final Brexit deal on Saturday  
This is an utter scandal, a referendum is held, one side cheats, that side wins and the result is enacted. The police won’t act because that result is nearly upon us. It’s not just neglect, it’s endorsing the crime and becoming implicit in it!  
Regarding everyone misunderstanding my Theresa may stuff I would like to clarify that I do not think she is a good prime minister, I do not agree with brexit, I am not a conservative voter but I do think she is treated unfairly because of her gender 
We could not agree more. Time to throw this mess back to the only ones capable of putting Brexit out of it’s misery.What are you doing next Saturday? What are your friends, family, neighbours doing?March with us. See pinned tweet for details. #stopbrexit #peoplesvote 
It is a bit late for the DUP to realise this...Also now reveals a key difference between the main DUP priority (all UK exit on same terms), and that of the ERG (a Brexit outside EU customs union and single market).  
Barcodes are a great test of Brexit promises. There’s only two standards on the planet - American UPC and European EAN. We can continue with these with no input to their rules and policies or start a new UK barcode system which would be mad.Apply this test to all Brexit issues 
Dear Nicola and the SNPIf you think the mass of people in Scotland understand how Brexit will degrade their lives and civil rights you're tragically mistaken. Hammer home now all the worst aspects, and like Ruthie's inane slogans, repeat, repeat, repeat!@theSNP @NicolaSturgeon 
**VOTE & RETWEET POLL**Given the current state of political affairs & #Brexit - Who would you vote for if a #GeneralElection were to be imminently called? 
Shocking to hear @HaringeyLibDems compare Brexit situation to the invasion of Iraq. What an insulting comparison and further shows how out of proportion the arguments for a People’s Vote are. Lobbying for a second referendum shouldn’t be the priority of @haringeycouncil 
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls for #Brexit 'people's vote,' saying the alternatives are worse  via @ReutersTV 
By the way, just to aim in the other direction, this rather exhibits the awful tone deafness of the second referendum crowd  
I defy ANYONE to tell me one thing at the moment, that is not in total turmoil.The Conservatives have made a complete mess of EVERYTHING.From the NHS  Schools  Benefits  Housing  Brexit  Windrush  Grenfell  TransportPrisons  Police  YOU NAME IT, they must go NOW.TIME IS UP 
Lorry parks are now being built in Dover for the no deal #Brexit the tories really want, people can now see with their own eyes the #BrexitChaos the tories are unleashing, they will not survive this, it will be the death knell for the @Conservatives #PeoplesVote #c4news 
VG: I will not apologise for my views on Europe, we need a final say on the Tory Brexit deal. #PeoplesVote 
This is a case of a Spanish politician completely denying established facts. There WAS an agreed referendum in Scotland, and it could be possible in Catalonia too, if the Spanish government wasn’t so scared of losing.  
I'm blaming Brexit for the occurences of the past week and you cant stop me 
'Project Fear' is now 'Project Reality' -the UK needs to be stopped from making the worst political decision EVER. Get to London for  #PeoplesVoteMarch. It's NOT too late to stop Brexit before Brexit destroys Britain. Get on a coach, catch a train, take a plane. Just BE THERE!!! 
Always good to talk & keep in touch with @DUPleader Arlene Foster on the latest developments in the #Brexit  negotiations and our respective issues in respect of the discussions. We stand with the people of Northern Ireland & their defence of the Union.  
Poll:Six months to go until #Brexit. Which will be outcome? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
Oh, yes we can George - we can run as many referendums as we can elect Scottish governments that support a referendum. Why don't you just go and play at politics somewhere else - you have no relevance to Scotland anymore.  
The head of HM Revenue and Customs, Jon Thompson, received two death threats after disclosing that a post-Brexit customs option preferred by Brexiters would cost up to £20bn, it has emerged.What the hell has happened to our country?  
Did this MP at any point use the words "scaremongering", "Project Fear", "Best possible Brexit" or "Brexit means Brexit"? Did they vote for A50 & EU withdrawal enabling act with undemocratic powers? They're a fool unto themselves. Out of their depth in a puddle on said motorway. 
The latest Brexit madness....we're converting motorways into lorry parks!! We HAVE gone completely MAD. This is self-inflicted self-harm...what ARE we doing? Lost for words at our crass stupidity. 
John Pienaar @JPonpolitics says Gov is in a #Brexit maze with no way out.He is WRONG."Jacob Explains Why Parliament Won't Vote Again On BrexitIf no deal is agreed with EU then we #LEAVE & trade on WTO tariffsMPs will NOT be able to stop that happening" 
The Brexit conundrum summed up perfectly.  A picture speaks a thousand words. Time to #Think32 
#Leavers. If #Brexit is a good idea, why are the govt closing the M26 to carry out works to turn it into a car park for lorries trying to take UK goods and food stuffs into the EU after March?Why aren't you campaigning to know the truth, or do you just not care#BrexitShambles 
One Brexit Day:- Reports police are sitting on Vote Leave investigation because of “political sensitivities”-HMRC chief gets death threats because of reporting cost of Brexit- M26 surveyed to harbour 2nd lorry park because “customs”- DUP threatening to chop magic money tree. 
PM is determined to deliver #Brexit above all at any cost, authorities turn blind eye to criminal behaviour. Civil servants get death threats if they tell truth. Lawyers fighting fracking abuse of law were threatened, I met one who was terrified at the march last year. 
Brexit backstop talks likely to continue till November, says May. She also says that "the DUP will do what the DUP will do". What a waste of a billion. 
No-deal #Brexit could cause the worst economic crash for 45 yearsEven the Daily Heil acknowledges the stupidity of the path the UK is on.  via @MailOnline 
I suspect the EU has said CU plus unending backstop or no deal. And Robbins has agreed. She is holding a war cabinet, without @DominicRaab (amazingly) to get ideas and agree a line to sell this stinking Remain as Brexit “in the best interests of the nation”. The Tories are doomed 
Major motorway closes overnight for six weeks to be turned into post-Brexit lorry park. The plan was not disclosed to local councillors or MPs until just hours before work began  
An ordinary day in #Spain:- The vice PM decrees that there was no agreed referendum in Scotland- The Mossos is on trial for not beating the hell out of voters- And now a businessman is on trial for buying plastic boxes in ChinaThat country is no part of the civilized world  
Jo why are you so obsessed with Corbyn and Labour?Brexit has been a debacle to date and promises to continue as such unless there is a dramatic change of course The responsibility is squarely with Cameron, May and the Tory party Now, let’s aim fire together at the Tories  
Remembrance Day was happening a long time before Brexit. Those who gave their lives did so to give you the freedom to say that. Have a think. 
Whilst May’s  “Self Centred Tories” huddle in panic over their self made mess of Brexit composing some lame “Text”which they hope will placate their naive  membership.10 DUP MPs are doing what they are payed to do!Obey the Referendum Result!Respect! 
@TwitterUK are officially censoring #IAmSoldierX. #Conservatives #UKIP #ForBritain #BritainFirst #BBCQT #BBCNews #ITVNews #SkyNews #C4News #BBCTW #Brexit  
This is almost incredibleSpanish gov rewriting world history: Spanish Vice president Carmen Calvo states that "self-determination is not recognized in any democracy" and the Scottish independence referendum "did not happen".#Catalonia 
Significant that a Conservative MP now raising disquiet publicly - we revealed in July the private concern of Conservative councils, and that “Brock” stood for “Brexit Operations across Kent” but most local MPs did not kick up fuss...  
Brexit was never about shutting ourselves off from Europe. Brexit was the realisation that the EU was shutting Europe out from the rest of the World. A World where 85% and 90% future growth can be found (which is why we MUST leave the protectionist CU)#brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
What will historians say destroyed the Conservative party in 2018... I’ve Included Cameron because his actions caused Brexit & his departure made Mrs May PM. 
We can safely say that @carmencalvo_, Spain's vice president, is hopelessly wrong when she says, 'There was no agreed referendum in Scotland'. What's more, the people of Catalonia have a right to determine the nature of their government. #Democracia 
Excuse me George effing austerity Osborne. Are you seriously putting my daughter in here but not me? I who intend to save the country from your pal Dave’s Brexit? @GraceCampbell  
I seem to recall someone suggesting that he'd accept UNLIMITED economic damage to the UK in the name of Brexit, which you see as freedom. So does liberty only have a price tag when it's inconvenient for you? 
Main news on French TV at moment (France 2) - big report on having to spend millions in French ports to cope with extra administration and checks because Brexit. They don't look particularly heureux. 
Bingo!  Jason Hunter @jasonjhunter has hit his £30k target on gofundme.  Enjoy your new found freedom Jason and go bang your fact-laden #3blokes drum. The truth is out there...  Looking forward to #3birds - a match made in heaven!   #Brexit #FactsMatter 
UK to world: we love democracy, we support democracy, we want everywhere to be a democracyUK to UK population: here have a referendum, yes we respect the referendum, no shut up plebs we aren't actually going to enact the result 
The fact that the government is delaying the investigations makes it clear that it knows that crimes were committed. If it was sure that there had been no criminality then the investigations would have been conducted quickly to clear the air.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitGate 
How much longer are Mrs May’s cabinet going to allow her to dictate terms on Brexit? No PM can ignore her cabinet -especially as she is at odds with her own party too. This toxic woman must go - before it’s too late.   
Theresa May’s Brexit negotiation in six slides...  Support us at  
I think we can now say with certainty that no #Brexit deal May brings from Brussels commands a majority on her side of the house.Any controls / backstop in Irish Sea - DUP opposes. There are 10 DUP MPs.1/9  
In case you were wondering if 2016 wasn't in part* a referendum on toxic masculinity and male dominance.*I mean white supremacy obvs also  
I wanted to trust Theresa May on Brexit but, if she agrees staying in the Customs Union, then we will be tied to the EU forever.  So I would make it my business to campaign against the Conservatives for the rest of my life. Not to campaign for another party, just against Cons.  
"No plan & little planning, oodles of PPE tutorial level plausible bullshit, supreme self confidence that we understand others’ real interests better than they do".  A damning critique of how Brexit has been handled by Sir Ivan Rogers - our former man in Brussels  
I think one of the most astonishing things about #brexit is to think that there are people out there who thought that @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @michaelgove and the banker funded Leave campaign ever had their best interests at heart! They don't give a damn about the people. 
So to be clear @GloriaDePiero even though the Brexit on offer was promised by nobody, and even tho you know all deals on offer will damage your constituents you want to plough ahead? Not sure the point of being in politics when it comes to that  
Yet another ex-Northern Ireland secretary tells Theresa May that the NI border must not block #Brexit | Owen Paterson  
My question is, what do they think is going to happen next year if they force Brexit through? Do they think we will all be transformed overnight into good little Brexiters? I am f*cking furious now - and that increases every day. That fury isn't going away...ever. 
This will drive a decent chunk of you mad with rage (on both sides of Brexit) but it is a timely reminder of why Ivan Rogers was not tolerated in government and why he probably should have been: clever, insightful, waspish, mordant, learned  
To be honest, I have no fucks to give about the Scotsman or anyone who works there, and before anyone starts about the loss of jobs, most of us won't be far behind them in the dole queue once the consequences of still being a part of their precious, post Brexit union kick in. 
Why the arguments against another referendum don't stack up. My latest Brexit Blog post, reviewing recent claims that another vote would be wrong in principle, just up:  
PM decides to delay decision on Irish border until after the budget, in order to negate the DUP's threat to vote down her budget if she betrays them on Brexit. I guess you know what this means don't you ? 
Very misleading @BBCRadio4 News at 6 report of May's proposals being for "a very close trading relationship with EU". They aren't: no SM for services. Far less close than now, or than soft Brexit. @BBCNews really shouldn't treat Brexit Ultras' evaluation as fact. But ... 1/2 
Watch Chris, one of the foundersof OFOCNI speaking passionately about the border and the impacts Brexit will have on its future #PeoplesVote #Brexit #northernireland 
Thanks to the madness of Brexit, we now live in a country where a senior Customs official gets death threats for saying truthfully what the arrangements for post-Brexit customs arrangements might cost. The madness has to stop. Brexit is the problem @peoplesvote_uk the way out 
‘Honouring the referendum’ sounds more ridiculous by the day. 
This really is a disgrace. It’s not just in Parliament but in media debates too that men are dominating.Speaking personally I’m tired of trailing around behind the Brexit suits with a bucket.Sisters! Join us in London on 20th October to demand a #PeoplesVote 
David Davis says ‘upsides’ of Brexit are ‘vanishing’  
It’s time. Only a fool would pretend that Brexit and May are compatible. It’s no longer about whether we #ChuckChequers (She won’t allow that) but whether Boris and JRM at least TRY to #ChuckMay. Leadership is about seizing the moment. It’s time! 
I've just heard about this. Forget 29th March, brexit has already broken our country.  
British hopes for a sweeping post-#Brexit trade deal with the U.S. are nothing more than a pipe dream, says senior U.K. official said  via @bpolitics 
READ: The NHS is already facing massive challenges. It can't survive more. We must stop Brexit to protect the NHS. "Trusts are telling us loud and clear that these pressures are being felt here and now." 
I am so used to the idea that I live in an open, civilised society that I struggle to understand how news on Brexit and corruption is being so effectively suppressed over such a long period. 
Theresa May faces new Cabinet revolt as her customs union backstop for Brexit 'has no time limit'  via @Telegraph 
It’s heartbreaking to see companies and jobs leaving the UK and Mrs May and the Brexiteers just don’t care and the Labour hierarchy remains silent. This can’t be allowed to continue. Stop Brexit. Demand a People’s Vote. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Brexit is literally a fucking coup. No one is coming to save us, least of all parliament who would sooner enable it. The question now is how firmly we are prepared to push back. 
If the government forcing our law enforcement to stay away from Brexit doesn't give you pause on how fucked we are and why people like me have raged against the level of protest for months, I don't know what to tell you. 
Ok, I’m sorry. Don’t mean to patronise people who voted leave, yes, of course, you knew what you were voting for. #brexit  
Very clear why David Lidington is smirking. He doesn't believe a word he is saying.#Brexit and the Referendum was only ever about the Tory party  
All this talk of an "Irish border" causing such a headache for Brexit on @UTVNews Is it not actually a British border, in Ireland? 
'The alternatives are all worse': Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls for #Brexit 'people's vote'  via @ReutersTV 
The PM is proposing a Brexit backstop that doesn't have a time limit. This could lead to the unacceptable situation of the UK being tied to EU customs rules forever. Brexit must deliver full independence in all areas of law, government & public administration or it isn't Brexit. 
We were told #Brexit was about 'taking back control of our laws'.Clearly it isn't about applying them.@metpoliceuk have apparently halted investigations into Leave campaign law-breaking because of 'political sensitivities'Case never been stronger for a #PeoplesVote#FBPE 
There shouldn't even be a customs compromise. It's not Brexit, just more can kicking. 17.4m people didn't vote to pay £39bn for the f*cking status quo under a different name.  
One week to go. @williamnhutton @Femi_Sorry @drmarielouise @mikegalsworthy Speaking at “Brexit: Reality versus Fantasy” on Oct18 at Uni of Surrey. Tickets on Eventbrite. #StopBrexit #SurreyBrexitDebate FacebookEventbrite 
Stop wasting time and money on the madness that is Brexit and sort out the NHS and social care. We must get our priorities right! 
Finally a Brexit Benefit: I’m not quite 5ft tall. Removing VAT on larger children’s clothes could save me literally pounds every year. That’s totally worth decimating my business growth opportunities, removing my rights and screwing over my family for. 
Young pupil from the school of arrogance that has brought the UK Brexit   
Our democracy was hi-jacked, our voters data was stolen & they were subject to psycho-profiling, illegal spending by global elites was rife, Russia interfered, Vote Leave broke the law - what is it that the police and the politicians don't understand? #Brexit  
Do you think there is now public demand for a #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll? #BrexitPlease RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
.@coldwar_steve asked Downing Street if he might be the creative director of Theresa May’s mooted festival of Brexit Britain. There has been no reply  
So are we to understand that Theresa May is, in effect, blocking investigation into electoral crime during the referendum campaign? 
FM @NicolaSturgeon at @COSLA annual conference: "Councils will play an essential role in preparing for the impact of Brexit and the Scot Gov is ready to support you in your efforts." #COSLAIS18 
Just back from Belfast. Impression: DUP not bluffing. “Right now, Labour’s position is better for us than May’s.” DUP basically saying: choose hard or soft Brexit. A middle road in which Northern Ireland goes soft and GB goes hard is the worst of all worlds in their mind. 
Got talking to 2 workmen about #Brexit And #Independence They both thanked me For my info and said that they Would sign up to vote as they’ve never Done it before.Better late than never eh!?Yes badge on,game on Nae rest till #Aye#Hope Let’s do this Scotland  
Michael Gove promised “we will be in control of the seas” after Brexit. But our new investigation shows that just a few rich families control huge amounts of fishing quota, leaving small-scale fishers “struggling to make a living”.  
Poor ⁦@TomTugendhat⁩, ‘furious’ that Grayling didn’t tell him about the impact of the Brexit that he Tom Tugendhat supports. It’s always been obvious that this would be the impact  
#DExEU hiding the consequences of a No Deal #Brexit even from Tory MPsWork has started to convert M26 into a huge car park to accommodate thousands of lorries stuck in customs queues.No longer #ProjectFear, it is now #ProjectReality 
The Met Police have stalled launching a criminal investigation by Brexit Leave campaigns due to "political sensitivities". The Electoral Commission has already ruled they broke the law and handed over evidence five months ago!  
Point of information: is the £39bn Brexit divorce payment unconditional? Or is “nothing settled until everything is settled”? And can the PM (or Olly Robbins) give away £39bn of taxpayers’ money without parliamentary approval? 
Hi @LiamFox Staying in a Customs Union is not Brexit & it takes away all motivation for the EU to offer us any deal Please encourage the PM to #ChuckChequers & #StandUp4Brexit, so that she can deliver the Brexit she promised at Lancaster House & in our manifesto  
This idea that to be truly British we have to stand on our own is simply wrong.Our greatest victories have always been when we have stood side by side with our allies, especially when it was to bring peace and choose collaboration over antagonism. Brexit is an affront to that. 
Brexit was supposed to be us standing on our own two feet, but really it's a just bullet in both. 
A very welcome announcement from @michaelgove: The UK Government has guaranteed #Agricultural funding for Scottish farmers. The onus is now on the Scottish Government to put forward plans for post-#Brexit agriculture. Read more:  
Brexit will be a 'sea of opportunity' for UK fishermen, freed from the EU's disastrous Common Fisheries Policy:  
May is desperate to get the UK over the Brexit finish line at any cost, even if this means a blindfold Brexit.A Brexit which still leaves so many questions unanswered and such a cloud of uncertainty over the future of business would be undeniably catastrophic. #ExitFromBrexit 
How it waged a war on the Brexit campaign more like...  
The Office of Budget Responsibility has likened a No-Deal Brexit to the three day week, with a severe short-term impact on the economy and higher prices for shoppers. Britain should be looking forwards, not back to the 1970s. It's time for a #peoplesvote 
Fishing quotas, the sole (pun intended) Brexit plus identified by Scots Tories, are carved up by the Government for the benefit of a cabal of five exceptionally wealthy families, including one at the heart of the £63m black fish fraud of a few years ago. Why am I not surprised?  
I am told that no Brexit deal proposal is being put to the mini-Cabinet meeting now, as there is still no agreement in Brussels.  Not as much progress has been made as was hoped by now. 
They fucking criminally cheated in a national referendum and then tell us we are disrespecting democracy bc we don't accept the result. 
WATCH: DUP have been “absolutely clear…will not support a bad deal for Northern Ireland and a bad deal for the United Kingdom”We ask @little_pengelly if the DUP would vote against May’s #Brexit deal IF it risks letting Jeremy Corbyn into No10…#MeetTheMPs 
The nonsense of Brexit in a nutshell:- Brexiters want to leave frictionless trade with the EU and replace it with tradeless friction with the WTO. 
I think the problem is because the word "referéndum" doesn't exist in Spanish. Voting is not a democatic action in Spain. 
#TheresaMay told us that we'd be leaving the #CustomsUnion. Staying in "would  betray the vote of the #British people" & "make a mockery of the #referendum". Now she's plotting a Customs U-turn... You know when she's lying because her lips are moving!  
Despite making up over half of the UK population and a third of MPs, our analysis shows that women's contributions during parliamentary Brexit debates account for a mere 10% of speaking time. If women are to bear the brunt of Brexit, our voices must be heard. #PeoplesVote 
Could you come out in favour of Brexit rather than pushing another pointless politically correct day ..  
1. While we wait for Brexit cabinet, a quick Budget thread ... with all the Universal Credit angst, more tory MPs joining calls for extra cash for claimants 
Great news that @lambeth_council is backing @peoplesvote_uk. Every council should vote for parliament to give their local communities a say on the final Brexit deal @LambethLabour #PeoplesVote 
I really struggle with following Brexit sometimes. This was literally spelled out in June when UK tabled its alternative customs backstop and David Davis threatened to resign over lack of end date (before actually resigning over Chequers 2 weeks later)  
@MaryLouMcDonald @conormurphysf  and myself met with the Taoiseach and the Tánaiste today on Brexit and the protection of the Good Friday Agreement.  
An #EEA-based Brexit is the only option that has a hope of re-uniting our deeply divided country. I’ve been banging the drum for it for 2 years now.  If my party had also swung behind it with clarity and conviction then we’d be storming ahead in the opinion polls by now.  
Ex-EU ambassador Ivan Rogers, who predicted the UK would be “screwed” in the Brexit talks, now says we’ll keep getting screwed in the years after Brexit too.If you haven't got time to read Rogers' epic speech, we've gutted the best bits here. 
That Tony Baghdad Blair is on his high horse scuppering Brexit again. He should be in The Hague for war crimes. Also while he's on his way there take his criminal mate Alistair Campbell along for the ride, another remoaner trying to scupper Brexit. These idiots are appalling. 
Reuters) - Britain's proposed judicial ties with the EU would still see the European Court of Justice take the binding decision on important cases in UK law after Brexit, according to a legal opinion seen by Reuters. We must reject Chequers..  
UK (Scotland), Panelbase poll:Independence referendumYes: 44%No: 56%Field work: 28/09/18-04/10/18Sample size: N/A#indyref2 #Brexit 
"A common theme to all this is that Brexit is about shutting ourselves off from Europe, while our arts have thrived on the openness and internationalism the EU enshrines." 
That’s great. But would you be up for debating Brexit with someone who campaigned for leave. Our campaign represents over 4.5 million .@labourleave voices. 
PM battles furious Brexit threat to topple her by the end of mth.DUP are furious“It is unacceptable that we would be treated differently to the rest of the UK,If PM doesn’t take our concerns on board, she may not be the leader to take us through Brexit” 
"When politicians and the media glibly say the country is ‘bored’ of Brexit, I can only say I have never seen boredom and passion go hand-in-hand more closely."  
The Prime Minister has told me the Brexit backstop talks are likely to continue until November. 
This is AIQ being asked questions by the Canadian Parliament just last week. The same AIQ that ‘won’ Brexit.  
Guess what UK academics on Tier 1, 2 & 5 visas! A visa-related hike starts in January 2019!!! This means if you apply for a 5 year visa after that date, you must pay £2000 up front! This is w/o any assurances of what will happen to your job post-Brexit. #internationalandbroke 
Friends! An honest telling of British history in Our Schools is vital if we're to realise how racist Britain is today!That means slavery (e.g. zero-hour contracts), colonialism (i.e. Brexit) and Empire (e.g. Falklands War), as well as British leaders like Thatcher, Hitler etc.  
Brexit is a complete mess thanks to Theresa May and her Brexiter cronies. This is too important to leave to Theresa May. Demand the final say on the deal, and the option to stay in the EU >  
A Conservative party which boasted of competence, loyalty, Unionism and being business friendly now risks everything on a Brexit shambles they know makes Britain poorer. Very ... bold. Now Brexit really is threatening to tear the UK apart | Martin Kettle  
 Spanish vice president: 'There was no agreed referendum in #Scotland'  
Brexit Will Almost Certainly Extinguish The Light On Hundreds & Thousands of Small Businesses 
Rightly so. Also someone should judicially review their decision to sit on investigations into referendum cheating for (at least) five months because of 'political sensitivities'  
Speaking with an English guy I went to Uni with, told me he had never heard about the DUP until Brexit. He is now in favor of a United Ireland so people in GB never have to set eyes on them again. @DUPleader Arlene, you are playing a blinder girl  
Aberdeen has benefited massively from working in partnership with EU bodies. We’re also likely to be the hardest hit city in the entire UK as a result of #Brexit. It’s time for Ross Thomson and his local flock of Tories to focus on protecting our city, not Boris Johnson.  
According to the Auditor General, IEBC can't account for Kshs. 9.5 billion from funds allocated for 2017 electionsSame IEBC that's estimating cost of a referendum at Kshs. 12 billion, same as the repeat presidential electionsThis is the kind of foolishness that needs to end. 
Furious Tory MP demands to know why he was not told about plans to turn a motorway in his constituency into a "parking lot" to handle a 'no-deal' #Brexit  
We didn’t vote for a “transitionally period” but May has delivered one. We didn’t vote to stay in the CU and SM but it looks like May will deliver that. When she said “Brexit means Brexit” she meant Brexit means Remain. 
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair says he would encourage the opposition Labour Party to vote down a #Brexit deal and push for a second referendum  via @ReutersTV 
Arlene foster wants N Ireland  to have same Brexit deal as rest of UK, "you can't divide a country". Thank you Arlene, took a long time, apology accepted 
It's not the 48% it's not even the 48 million who didn't vote for brexit, it's the whole country @metpoliceuk are letting down. This is not democracy. 
Theresa May accused of showing 'culpable naivety' over Brexit  
No words for what’s happening in our country.Head of HM Revenue and Customs has had two death threats after disclosing that a post-Brexit customs option preferred by Brexiters would cost up to £20bn (via @guardian) 
Theresa May’s “fantasy island” view of Brexit is “plausible bullsh*t”, the UK’s former ambassador to the EU has claimed.  
No-Deal Brexit could cause the worst economic crash for 45 years, the Daily Mail reports. When they promised the "exact same benefits" we didn't think they had 1973 in mind.  
The Big CON is on, @theresa_may trying to force #Cabinet #Ministers to back her using her #ProjectFear the utter LIE that if she fails the Government fails, wrong if she goes a Real #BREXIT will happen! #TheresaMay is an EU stooge! #StandUp4Brexit @andreajenkyns @DCBMEP #Tory #UK 
Impressive. Spain’s VP denies that there was an agreed referendum in Scotland! What’s next? Rejecting that the Earth is round? Spanish politicians need to accept reality: independence referendums are normal democratic events.  
Why the arguments against another referendum don't stack up. My latest Brexit Blog post, reviewing recent claims that another vote would be wrong in principle, just up now:  
100 of our research fellows have written an open letter warning about the dangers of #NoDeal Brexit. Read it in full below.#RS_ResearchFellow 
I'm told the concession on the time limit is being made in a bid to break the deadlock in negotiations and secure an all-UK backstop. How will Cabinet Eurosceptics - several of whom are not actually invited to the Brexit cabinet - respond? Could there be resignations? 
EXCLUSIVE Theresa May faces Cabinet revolt over customs backstop after it emerges it will not include a hard time limit or end dateThe Brexit cabinet this afternoon will be fraught. Eurosceptics fear concession cld tie UK to customs union indefinitely 
'Brexit no longer has support of people': Pimlico Plumbers boss SLAMS Tory 'suicide deal'  
Hugely looking forward to this. Great show and chance to show once more how little the Brextremists care about Brexit impact on Ireland- Nigel Farage to face off with Alastair Campbell - Late Late Show London special Brexit debate -  
@cvpayne you have always gone against these masters of the world, that’s why I love and listen to you for advice, not just , you speak optimistic growth, you rallied BREXIT, you never panic, like Trump said, and you, “the Fed is just wrong”You’re friend from , old NY/ 
VIDEO: #MatteoSalvini speaks on Italian television at prime time: "They Are Fake Refugees, Send Them Back Where They Came From." (with engl. subs) Italians first! #Italy#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
There are many uncertainties with Brexit, but one thing for me is certain & I have said it many times before: being in a Customs Union with the EU, whilst outside of the EU, is a very bad public policy choice. And that is why nobody except Turkey (& they only partially) does it.  
Leave Means Leave is coming to Bournemouth on Monday 15th October. Get your tickets now for our Save Brexit Rally:  
Near-future timeline: 1. Stop Brexit. 2. End austerity, invest in the country. 3. Constitutional convention to sort out our broken democracy. 4. Hold to account the criminals, liars & coupsters who tried Brexit. 5. Enjoy our freedom of movement: to Paris, Majorca, Greece... 
She will in fact put her Own idea of “country” before party, which means Brexit in Name Only.  
I fear this is going to be #brexit breaking news for some folk.Currently every container that ships ex Belfast Port, upon entry it's stopped to be weighed, seal number checked & referenced against container number. CCTV records all entry & exit.  
The suggestion that the government could use parliamentary procedure to avoid a meaningful vote wraps this shambolic Tory Brexit in chicanery and must not be allowed to happen. #FinalSay 
1. For the Spanish Vice President to say full stop that there was no agreement between the Scotland and UK governments to hold an independence referendum is divorced from reality, and it further cements distrust in #Catalonia 
It’s difficult to see how the Conservatives can continue as one party, as gulf between pro-Remain Tories & the ERG is so large.Ironic that Cameron’s decision to hold the #Brexit referendum to heal internal divisions could be the cause of them splitting. 
If you put country first, Keir, you would move heaven & earth to stop Brexit. (As 80%+ of your Party want, btw.)  
Work has begun overnight to convert the M26 - which links M25 to M20 - into a lorry park in case there is a no deal Brexit  this will put huge pressure on the other link between the two motorways 
Lest we forget who amongst others are the real string pullers of @theresa_may @Conservatives and direct the theatre that is #Brexit From Black Wednesday collapsing the £ to the scam of Brexit we can trust George to run our lives to his entire satisfaction  
Hillary Clinton calls Brexit a "self-inflicted wound" during Belfast speech.  
For what it’s worth I already reported M26 would be requisitioned as lorry park in event of no-deal Brexit. But it is the fact that it will be closed for a month overnight to turn it into said lorry park that converts theory into weird reality in a way we can all touch and feel 
Some in The City believe the City is too big to fail,  and too big to conquer. Also 36% of this #Bloomberg audience thought no deal #brexit would be better than a bad deal - horrifying or is it that many will make a shed load of money shorting sterling? 
"but it's fine if people are worse off because of Brexit because i don't like the EU so screw all of you."   
I thought nothing would top @marianorajoy arguing, that there was no referendum in #Catalonia #1oct. I was wrong. Now spanish government claims, that there was no referendum in #Scotland either.My brain hurts. I think I need a beer. 
Sir John Major has accused hard-right money hoarder and part-time backbench MP Jacob Rees-Mogg of intolerable bullying of Theresa May in his maniacal push for a deranged hard Brexit.It's almost as though fund manager Mogg has something to gain  
I'm Jewish. I was a Remain voter in 2016 & were another referendum to be held, I'd vote Remain again.I'm also, quite frankly, struggling to describe how truly odious I find this picture.  
At this stage, anyone who really cares about democracy wouldn’t be saying ‘we’ve got to respect the referendum’. They’d be saying ‘we’ve got to test whether the referendum was fair’. 
Breaking the law during one of the most critical moments in the UK’s history - the EU referendum - makes it of urgent national interest that the police investigate what happened, how it happened and who was responsible. 
This is either a small Keynesian stimulus in low-growth economy (M26 closed overnight for a month for building work to turn it into lorry park), preparing for an event (no-deal Brexit) that will never happen. Or the mother of all messes. 
While you're all here: it's vital to understand that Brexit wasn't just the product of crimes & overspending. It was the product of a broad constitutional crisis (of which these were just one part), which @AnthonyBarnett brilliantly explains much of here: 
RT if you1. Are fed up with #Brexit.2. Feel the #Conservatives hostility towards immigrant communities is unacceptable.3. Want a #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll. 
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has given MPs "categorical assurance that flights are going to continue" after Brexit. He adds that those in the aviation industry are "now selling tickets and expanding the number of routes between the UK and EU for next summer."  
How did May select attendees to this inner cabinet meet? Is it the (Brexit) Strategy & Negotiation sub-committee? Is it just those May thinks she needs  to roll the rest of cabinet? And why Geoffrey Cox? There for legal advice or cos he's flavour of month? So many questions 
BREAKING: Treasury Committee chair Nicky Morgan calls on Bank of England to publish their assessment of what a no-deal Brexit would mean for the economy BEFORE MPs vote on the final deal. 
To my @ATLHawks brothers and sisters: Here’s a sure fire way to drive yourself nuts this season: make every game a referendum on Trae Young. He’s good, young, learning, struggling, succeeding on a daily basis. Enjoy watching him grow into the NBA! 
The UK is crumbling, the roads are a mess, the NHS is in a critical condition, inflation rising, company's  leaving London, there are no homes for the homeless. BUT, £1 Billion for the DUP, Millions to change passport colour and millions for a Brexit fextival. Priorities? 
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls for #Brexit 'people's vote'  via @ReutersTV 
What the rich fisherfolk families don't want you to know about FishingAnd why they are pushing for #Brexit 
If I sold someing I never had I would be called a criminal. If I caused damage to the U.K. for my own reasons I’d be called a terrorist. Do it from a place of power, you’re simply a politician!David Davis says ‘upsides’ of Brexit are ‘vanishing’  
Election officials: Leave campaigns broke the law. Here’s how.Canadian parliament: No, really, it’s true.Cops: Too sensitive politically for us to touch, sorry.Putin: This is all very easy.Mueller: You folks don’t realize Brexit is all tangled up in my investigation?  
Hi @PennyMordaunt Staying in a Customs Union is not Brexit & it takes away all motivation for the EU to offer us any deal Please encourage the PM to #ChuckChequers & #StandUp4Brexit, so that she can deliver the Brexit she promised at Lancaster House & in our manifesto  
You know what is, it's the same 'political sensitivities' that prevents an MP we know from revealing to the public that an area of a UK major city has FOUR police officers covering it, because if the truth were known there would be a major breakdown in law and order. 
Quick reminder of how 'clear' both campaigns were about the fact we apparently had to leave the single market if we voted Brexit.  
We need a Robert Mueller style investigation of Brexit from top to bottom.  
My English grandma is 99 years old today. She's almost completely blind now but still lives alone. She was a nurse during World War II and was bombed by the Nazis.She thinks #Brexit is a terrible idea. 
So if as it appears to be, UK TERF groups are in bed with the Christian Institute, that explains a lot about why they wanted to send their missionaries to Ireland to hold ahead of the abortion referendum.Thread from back in May highlighting their antics:  
Interesting that no Brexit supporting Ministers are amongst May’s “War Cabinet” which has been summoned to meet at 5pm this afternoonOnly the ‘inner’ faithful: Lidington, Hunt, Hammond, Javid, Gove, Williamson, Karen Bradley, Greg Clark + Cox#StandUp4Brexit 
Ditto Spain asking for at least shared sovereignty of Gibraltar in return for accepting any Brexit deal. There isn't a paddle big enough for the creek we're in. 
WATCH | May told us that we'd be leaving the Customs Union. Staying in "would betray the vote of the British people" & "make a mockery of the referendum". Now she's plotting a Customs U-turn...You know when she's lying because her lips are moving!  
Brexit is an infestation of woodworm, eating away at the fabric of our democracy.  
Last word on this today. You can’t refight the referendum Nita. Silly claims were made on both sides and since. What I want is a reasonable deal that allows us to move on & concentrate on some of those massive issues that people had around the country where they voted Leave.  
This is a remarkable revelation by James Cusick and @AdamRamseyThere is deep corruption at the heart of Tory Brexit. Factor in the DUP's secret funding and Britain shares many similarities with a central African fiefdom, not a modern European state.  
In Ireland this week I hear again how incredulous & angry people are about British politicians’ unforgivable ignorance and ignoring of the terrible threat posed here by Brexit & the border problem. 
This confirms my growing sense that Brexit is going to end up being a poor photocopy of what we have now. Nothing fundamental will likely change, things will just be grainier and harder to understand. (Unless we go no-deal)  
We spoke with Tony Walker Managing Director of Toyota's London Office at the @SMMT #SMMTRegionalForum in Derby.He explained why a no deal #Brexit would be "extremely damaging to [their] business".The deal they need is "essentially the conditions we enjoy in the single market"  
I mean, by all means have a 2nd referendum but after the first one is completely null and void - then offered with the right options and the right facts now we know more. I also think that anything that's pushed through should have a 70% majority to make it rule of law. 
Brexit: Tony Blair warns of long-term damage to UK services sector  
Will the DUP really risk bringing down @theresa_may and triggering a general election, over the Northern Ireland Brexit backstop?  
Five months ago, the Electoral Commission began referring various Leave campaigners to Met police for breaking Uk law. But police has stalled investigating citing ‘political sensitivities’. Cracking @openDemocracy #brexit exclusive  
Kenyans must not support despotic PR exercises called "lifestyle audits," mythical bridges to nowhere or a referendum as  @UKenyatta and his lapdogs @RailaOdinga, @MoiGideon, @skmusyoka and others continue looting TRILLIONS of our resources. #DefyNormal 
I often think that whilst marching for a second referendum is all well and good, why aren't we marching to get the first ILLEGAL referendum cancelled, this is far more of an issue to me. 
While @realDonaldTrump is taking on the radical left and gaining ground ahead of the midterms (with an 80+% chance of retaining the Senate), Theresa May is crawling to Labour for support on her awful Brexit plan. We need real leadership NOW!Support us at  
There it is: #Brexit has officially turned the UK into a country no longer governd by the rule of law. @uklabour & @jeremycorbyn happy to go along w this @JolyonMaugham @Labour4EU @Remain_Labour @Keir_Starmer @HackneyAbbott @Andrew_Adonis @acgrayling @thatginamiller #peoplesvote 
Brexiteers loving each other as usual. Could the Conservative party maybe let us know when they have decided all together what Brexit means? Or - perish the thought - maybe that will take until Brexiternity  
Cracking read from @sarahwollaston before the EU referendum entitled: "I will be respecting the outcome of the referendum, but my personal vote will now be to remain in the EU." Do give it a read here:  
So let’s not investigate criminality surrounding the Referendum because it will embarrass the politicians who campaigned for it? This cannot be allowed to stand. Now we know about it, should the Met’s decision not to investigate be JR’d @JMPSimor @JolyonMaugham @UKEUchallenge? 
A Totnes constituent told me Sarah Wollaston sent her a copy of this blog post when arguing she has been consistent on Brexit. 'I will be repecting the outcome or the referendum.'Locals are furious with their MP here in Brixham.  
97 percent people boycotted elections in #Kashmir valley, and if people are allowed in #MananWani’s funeral, sea of humanity will converge. That’s the norm.It’s another referendum, brother.  
finding some FBPE folk to be nasty individuals, who've learned very little since the Ref & why ppl vote to Leave. I loathe Brexit, yet talking down to people, parading your privilege around like your shit doesn't stink, as well as looking down at non-EU migrants isn't a good look 
Spanish train manufacturer picks Brexit Britain for its massive new factory creating 1,000 jobs..  
Brexiteer Lord Lawson has defended his decision to apply for French residency, telling this LBC listener: “Brexit is not about me, it’s about the British people as a whole”  
I don't want to sound superior, but I think I could make a better job of a proper  Brexit then the mess at the moment. 
Legal opinion given to the UK government shows that under May's Brexit plan the UK would still be subject to EU law and ECJ. May has misled us all along, the UK will still be ruled by EU courts..  
If anyone thought for a second the Met Police was going to investigate criminality in Brexit, it was a poor understanding of policing and the inoperable structures of British law enforcement. It had to be the NCA, on instruction from May. I’ve always said this. 
The proposal to stay in the customs union for an indefinite period, if agreed, would be a further betrayal of the EU referendum and inconsistent with promises made repeatedly by the Prime Minister.  
Yes. They're constantly saying that "Britain" voted for Brexit. The other day J. Hunt said that "Britain" was "very angry" with the EU. All govts do this, and if you don't notice when UK govt. does it, that says more about you than about SNP, who at least do it in a good cause. 
Cameron held referendum to keep Tories in power.May held election to keep Tories in power.30 Labour MPs likely to support May, presumably to keep Tories in power. Bad things come in threes. 
Dr Charles Gallaher: "The key point here is how Leave voters like me reacted when it became clear that cake and eat it Brexit was impossible" - Read this blunt but necessary Leave voters reason for backing a People's Vote  
#Scotland#Fishing#BrexitGreedy Capitalists who want to rape Scotland's seasThese are Scotland's WatersAnd these families need to remember that 
I am appalled to see UK apparently looking the other way. An investigation finds out the evidence - it does not mean there will be any charges nor does it mean results overturned. Brexit can still mean Brexit. 
John Major accuses Jacob Rees-Mogg of 'intolerably BULLYING' Theresa May on #Brexit JRM has been unfailingly polite towards the PM, who calls herself the "bloody difficult woman" implying she can stand up for herselfThe real bullies are in Brussels 
Think #Brexit is more of a pig's ear than the success we were promised? Make sure you join our #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal:  
We ran the most expensive election in the world, spent about 50 billion. Now, we cannot account for atleast 9.5 billion according to Auditor General. Yet we are here saying we need a referendum to cut costs.Fellow Kenyans, we cannot legislate bad manners.#KenyaTuitakayo 
We now have a Putineseque Metropolitan Police force which refuses to investigate  allegation of electoral corruption by the Brexit campaign for fear of embarrassing the  government.  
Esther McVey: "I'm completely supportive of the Prime Minister"@BBCNormanS: "And the Chequers plan?" Esther McVey: "I'm fully 100% behind the Prime Minister" Work and Pensions Secretary refuses to say if she backs Theresa May's #Brexit plan  
WARNING: French business, Normandy President tell Macron that No Deal Brexit would represent 'major threat' to country.  
Norway is the most popular Brexit model. Yet it's not under discussion. A real political failure.  
Brexit is doomed now this ancient stone has returned  
HMG's line in private is that if the full extent of misdeeds in the referendum - including Russian interference - is known, there could be 'civil unrest'. It's a cowardly, self-serving lie. 
I wrote a COLUMN explaining how Brexit works.  
.@duponline Brexit spokesman @eastantrimmp: We will not be bullied into propping up a soft-touch Government which gives in to the EU's demands 
Bob Geldof and fellow rock Remoaners want to stop Brexit to ‘save their voice’. Translation: let’s silence the voices of the 17.4million who voted to Leave, writes Mick Hume 
The upsides of #Brexit were never there in the first place. They were an illusion from a bygone age when the sun never set on the British Empire  
Tory MP Tom Tugendhat only found out last night that work has begun turning a motorway in his constituency into a parking lot in case there's a no-deal Brexit. It's all going very well indeed. 
No, we are not close to a Brexit deal. Remember how often we were close to a deal during the Greek crisis in 2015?   
Businesses in the North-East will be affected by every word of the Brexit deal.Nobody knew that deal in 2016. Don't you think they should get a say on it? #OFOC 
A big but overlooked #Brexit problem: leaving the EU’s VAT area means significant burdens for small and medium-sized businesses #SMEs : via @UKTradeForum 
This is what happens when you describe Brexit in clear and understandable terms, on the basis of how it really functions. And that is why, above all else, politicians try to stop that happening  
They are also much softer, and getting softer all the time. The most popular Brexit outcome is EEA membership. It's supported by  43% overall, incl 34% of Leavers. 
"I make no excuse for being against Brexit from the start. I thought it was a bad idea before the referendum and I think it is an even worse idea now. It may well go down as one of greatest and most unnecessary self-inflicted wounds in modern history."  
Wake me up when Brexit is done. I am not alone in feeling this am I? 
Tony Blair sees 50-50 chance of another Brexit referendum  
I am not, nor never have been a big supporter of the DUP.However, with regards any so-called Brexit hybrid backstop. The DUP have my full support in voting against any agreement that takes us, Northern Ireland out of UK control.NO self respecting Unionist could support this. 
As my MP (who never replies to tweets or emails, @CarolineFlintMP) ~ why are you so determined to help deliver a #Brexit (a) born of fraud; (b) with the slimmest majority, (c) which you know will make us much poorer & (d) which only a minority of us now want? Tell us! #fbpe #ofoc 
Sir Ivan Rogers, UK's former ambassador to the EU, delivered a startlingly good lecture to Trinity College, Cambridge last night. "Brexit as a revolution"Some highlights:#1: The revolution is already eating itself - particularly regarding a 2nd referendum  
When things that were never there vanish, it's called a con.David Davis says ‘upsides’ of Brexit are ‘vanishing’  
Scotland did not vote for Brexit. When the time comes, if Scotland votes for Independence, to take its place on the world stage as an Independent nation, I suspect many of those global leaders who can see what a disaster Brexit is, will support Scotland 
Subtitles in EN/ES:Spanish Vice president Carmen Calvo states that "self-determination is not recognized in any democracy" and the Scottish independence referendum "did not happen".The Spanish Government has apparently gone from denying self-determination to denying reality.  
Voting for #Brexit we voted for changes. Not only leaving the EU and going as far as possible from rotting bloc ruled by corporate and political elites, but also a shake-up for our own establishment.  British people voted for a breath fresh air.#ThursdayThoughts 
Labour frontbench have known from the beginning there was no way for them to trigger a GE. Their Brexit approach is deeply cynical and Remainers should feel played...because they have been played. 
The amount of trade available to us outside the customs union dwarfs what we currently have access to from within the EU. We must have a clean Brexit!  
Well done to those two astronauts who had a very quick and successful second referendum about continuing on their current trajectory. 
It is democratic to campaign for #Brexit. It is democratic to argue that a #PeoplesVote is a bad idea. But it is absolutely not democratic to argue that the 2016 result renders a #PeoplesVote undemocratic. That is an attempt to deny the democratic right to oppose. 
Read this @OBR_UK assessment of benefits of bilateral deal with USA, our second biggest trading partner with 15% of our GDP, then just weep that we are going through #Brexit to gain ‘economic benefit’ from bilateral FTAs  
Summary:1. I employ 450-odd people.2. But none of them are as odd as me.3. For instance, I've put a "Bollocks to Brexit" sign on top of my London HQ. 4. And I won’t be taking it down - not even when Brexit happens.5. Talk about a Cunning Business Plan!6. That's all, folks!  
Fears planes will be grounded after Brexit have intensified after Chris Grayling offered his “categorical assurance” that planes will not be grounded after Brexit. 
This is a must watch. @mrjamesob the one lone voice of reason left. #brexit  
Just sickening @Theresa_May sucking up to military having given them over to the control of EU via EU military unification whilst cloaking her betrayal with language of 'security' leaving out word 'defence' in Chequers 'brexit' documentation  
About to speak on Ireland and Brexit in the House of Lords, and the imperative to avoid a harder border 
No one said the M26 would become a car-park. This wasn't the #Brexit success we were promised - we need a #PeoplesVote on any #Brexit deal.  
Yet more enterprise being born of the @peoplesvote_uk campaign. Hate Brexit. Help the economy. Gonna need it  
Guernsey referendum: 45% turnout means binding vote  
Asked EU Commission whether Barnier meant that a Brexit deal is really 'within reach'. A spokesman replied: 'Today we are not there yet. There is no breakthrough yet. Intensive technical negotiations are continuing to see if we can reach decisive progress.' So that's a no then. 
In other words, if there is a referendum today 96%+ Kashmiris will choose Azadi/Pakistan.That itself is 53% of the whole state. 
currently, you can run away to italy at the drop of a hat and only pay £25 for a flight. will that still be the case after Brexit? #PeoplesVote  
Iain Duncan Smith gets a load of flak - not least over BrexitBut he resigned his Cabinet post warning that George Osborne and the Treasury were salami slicing Universal Credit. And lo ... 
There is no answer to the Irish Question.The lack of an answer is one of several reasons why UK should be the last country seeking to leave EU instead of being the only one reduced to contorted, costly chaos.None of the Brexit options being explored is better. Most MPs know this 
My wife and I are so lucky. All 3 of our adult children and their partners and all 7 of our grandchildren know, deep down, that #Brexit is very bad for our family. That’s why we’re all heading for London to join #PeoplesVoteMarch on the 20th. Come with us! 
Happy Brexit!"The plan, which was not disclosed to local councillors or MPs until hours before work began on Wednesday, will see the M26 motorway closed overnight for more than a month in the run-up to Christmas while the roadworks take place." 
"There was no agreed referendum in Scotland," said the Spanish vice president . 
Absolutely. Yesterday I was in Portsmouth, city full of students everywhere you look. Talking to them it's quite clear no way majority of them will ever back Brexit now or in the future. Only way to stop them overturning the will of the people is to deny them the vote, forever! 
SCOOP: Work began on Wednesday to turn the M26 into a "parking lot" to hold lorries in event of no-deal Brexit, reveals @CharlieCooper8. The plan was not disclosed to local councillors or MPs until hours before work began. Top story   
OBR pulls no punches. Independent OBR says benefit of any new trade deals post Brexit not material enough to include in any economic forecasts. Also says hard to think of parallel for potential disruption but points to three day week in 1974 which cut GDP by 3% in one quarter. 
Author James Hamilton-Paterson on Brexit. "I don't think most Brits realise how much credibility we've lost on international stage". #Brexit  
ThisThis xenophobic mentality masquerading as nationalismThis hatred being given a voice by the divisive #Brexit voteThe voice that wants to remove our rights, for the sole petty reason of removing the same reciprocal rights from othersThis is why we fight#StopBrexit 
Gordon Brown adds his voice to those saying there’ll be another referendum on #Brexit : 
'Nearly two and a half years on from the referendum, on both EU deal other post-Brexit trade deals, we are still lost in campaign mode on fantasy island'Ivan Rogers,  former chief EU diplomat, is angry - and right to be - about the #Brexitshambles 
Brexit will take away the freedom to live, work and study in 27 countries. Brexit will destroy businesses, jobs and the Irish peace process.So Brexiters, when all of the above happens, please don’t deflect blame onto the EU for this. You voted for it. It’s your fault. 
"They’re asking her to do two things that are incompatible."Former prime minister Tony Blair says he has some sympathy for Theresa May as she battles to get the DUP on side over Brexit:  
She absolves UK government of responsibility whilst being a member of it? That's rich. And Brexit will enable more of this predatory banking nonsense. Look at the US, it's history of underregulation (which is about to get worse), all while the EU is fighting tax fraud/evasion. 
I'll be joining thousands of people next Saturday to say:  No to a Tory hard Brexit Yes to protecting jobs and livelihoods We demand a People's Vote Join me!  
This time two years ago, Martin McGuinness was engaging with European leaders in Brussels. That visit marked a turning point in the #Brexit process. Martin cemented Ireland & the GFA as ultimate priorities for Europe. Strength & depth of current EU stance remains a tribute to him  
Whatever deal May cobbles together, it will pale in comparison to what we have inside the EU. The people must be given the final say on the Brexit deal with the option to remain in the EU. #FinalSay 
Either we stop Brexit, or we're all fucked.It really is that simple.Be there in London on Saturday 20th October. High noon. 
The ‘best rated #brexit tweet’ today:“Forget the economy, jobs & borders - Out Now!”A nation goes insane.  
James Hamilton-Paterson(author) - I don't think most Brits realise how much credibility we have lost internationally over #Brexit.. we have a  government that frankly has the IQ of mildew.#peoplesvote #FBPE 
Dithering former #Brexit secretary David Davis has claimed that the “benefits” that #Leavers were hoping for when the UK leaves the EU are starting to vanish.There never were any benefits, he's just getting his excuses in early !! 
"Self-Determination is not recognized in any democracy. What about what happened in Scotland? In Scotland there was no agreed referendum. There wasn't one. Carmen Calvo (PSOE), (current) Spanish VP." Ignorance is a deliberate trait. Otherwise you are plain simply a liar.  
It is brilliant. A must-read: and hits the nail on the head on everything, from the Reign of Terror dynamic of Brexit “revolution”, to failure by UK politicians to understand the fundamentals of EU law and the EU itself, to the naïveté of the @iealondon approach to trade deals. 
New from @commonslibrary: The number of EU nurses joining has fallen from 19% to 7.9% since 2016. The NHS is facing a grave crisis if we plow on with the current Brexit. Stand up for the NHS, demand a #PeoplesVote. 
Former EU ambassador Ivan Rogers firing off Brexit hot takes On @theresa_may ? showing 'culpable naivety' On @BorisJohnson ? @Jacob_Rees_Mogg ? “still lost in campaign mode on fantasy island” 
As ever, Brexit is an exercise of the rich few Tory Skippers watching small businesses going under to buy them off on the cheapLess competition, more profit for them  
The difference between @uklabour’s #Brexit and someone having sex is that we can do all the positions at the same time. pic.twitter.com/6JUQXUxrNj 
The Scotsman is deader than flared denims. No-one in their right mind is going to pay £3M to take on £220M of company debt (and rising). Especially not going into a 2019 brexit economic shitstorm. It's over. 
The only way you can prepare for #Brexit is how you would for a #recession: tighten up on staff, cut down on spending, stop any expansion plans &cease any #investment in your business. There will be massive #unemployment, money will become tight and interest rates will go up! 
Corbyn backs permanent customs union after Brexit. Those Brexiteers who are not happy with the Conservatives and say that they will vote Labour to punish the Conservatives, well this is what you will get - a permanent custom union with the EU.   
James O'Brien's full, epic monologue on the state of British politics right now is a must-watch.@mrjamesob | #Brexit  
*Brexit Explained*  
Brexit voting work mate raging that she hasn't got a dentist, and her surgery keep apologising. I said yes, they usually come from abroad, now they can't. Her face nipped right in. This is before it's even happened. 
No might still grudgingly allow  to stay. But there’s no way in the world any more cherries will be given to UK! Definitely not after UK’s behaviour in #Brexit negotiations.  
Dear @DavidDavisMP - the 'upsides' of Brexit are incapable of 'vanishing' as they never existed in the first place. #StopBrexit @CCHQPress 
By using non-disclosure to block companies from speaking out on #Brexit, the government is subverting democracy. This is a government of criminals. All must end up in jail. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
Media Tip: 'Despite warnings, Theresa May has maintained her dangerously obtuse attitude to Scotland and Northern Ireland'. OpEd by @martinkettle in @guardianopinion #Brexit  
This is the same David Davis who said the EU Medicines Agency EMA would "of course" not move from the UK because of Brexit.Two weeks later the EMA announced that it would be moving out of the UK.What goes in David Davis's skull? Not. Very. Much. 
The UK's former ambassador to the EU says Theresa May has shown 'culpable naivety' over Brexit  
What is so stupid about those Labour MPs who support Tories’ Brexit is that (a) the only way to stop Brexit being a drag on our lives for years is to stop it - a ‘deal’ will continue to be negotiated & tweaked for years, & (b) disgust with Labour for this will kill its support.  
My speech during the debate on the Agriculture Bill. Brexit is not a great threat or problem - instead it is a massive opportunity for the farming industry that has been wrecked, damaged and pillaged for 46 years.  
I don't know anyone now that openly supports Brexit. Those I know that did vote for it are quiet and don't wish to discuss it.They know its a tsunami of shit that is coming our way and they caused it. 
So, you'll fight to do less harm to your constituents than the Tories. How very admirable. Why don't you do the democratic thing and let your constituents have a say on whether they think #Brexit should continue in a #PeoplesVote. 
Imagine: May defeated in 1st Brexit vote. She then calls another and says that if she loses it, she’ll go to the palace & advise the Queen to call Jeremy Corbyn and ask him to form a government. What do the Tory rebels do then?  
What can we do about Brexit?"Put gammon in our ears and start screaming Wibble"Nice one .@mrjamesob .@LBC 
Future of British Food & Agriculture post-Brexit? Visit to No.10 today to discuss with UK Ministers @LiamFox @michaelgove @Richard4Watford George Eustace & @BatesLord Impressed with the breath & scale of their vision of role of #agritech #AgTech #CRISPR & #sustainable food 
It’s Thursday.And it’s all so tragic.Brexit is not only demolishing bridges to our friends and allies in Europe, there is also no doubt that, if it goes ahead, it will lead to the disintegration of the UK.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Hello, I'm a journalist working for the BBC. We are doing a piece on British expats in France ahead of Brexit. Are any of you struggling with your applicationsfor carte de sejour in France? Maybe you don't fulfil...  
 Literal quote of the Spanish deputy prime minister @carmencalvo_n this morning: "There was never an agreement on the referendum in Scotland. British PM @David_Cameron lost control of the situation."  #FakeNews #Spain 
So proud to be representing the NFU and our members today at a breakfast round table at no. 10 with Ministers Fox, Gove, Eustice, Harrington and Bates - setting out the needs of our industry for future innovation and technology post Brexit ⁦@NFUtweets⁩ #backbritishfarming 
Theresa May's approach to the Brexit negotiations will withhold the key economic benefits of leaving the European Union. @DavidDavisMP 
Finally, the Great Divide in the country is based on education level. 71% of Remain voters have a degree. 66% of Leave voters have no qualification. Support for harder Brexit options has grown among voters without formal qualifications. Whither representative democracy? /ENDS 
May's finished, nothing can save her now. Question is, can you remove her BEFORE she completely sabotages Brexit, & in doing so, relegates your party to a decade in opposition. My guess is you won't.  
The UK Brexit vote was a bit like being asked if you’d like a dark colour or a light colour. No one really knew what shade they were voting for. Now even leave voters want to stay close to Europe for economic gain say @policyatkings via @JolyonMaugham 
English Conservative voters are so completely committed to Brexit — no matter what — that they are even willing to sacrifice the territorial integrity of the United Kingdom to make it happen. What kind of ‘union’ is this, exactly? 
Remain voters are hardening their positions. Many who previously supported a 'soft' Brexit have now switched their preference to Remain. (As I have said repeatedly to senior Labour Party figures; this group is 'radicalising' in a way which poses risks for Labour). /3 
Transcript of the #Brexit as a Revolution lecture @TrinCollCam by Sir Mark Ivan Rogers, former UK Permanent Representative to the #EU, is now available:  
Dithering, half-hearted Government, led by Theresa the Appeaser, has done its best to scupper #BrexitWe need some honest, realistic & committed politicians, with a leader who is prepared to implement the decision of the electorate without further delay & LEAVE the EU for ever. 
UPDATE: Tony Blair says UK needs a referendum to stop Brexit  #ReutersLive 
Japanese companies are stepping up plans to move businesses out of the UK due to #Brexit uncertaintyNobody voted for this. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote 
How can you not get this yet?This is a far right coupAs soon as brexit day passes, May will be deposedGove, Johnson and Mogg well renege on any deal with the EUUse the Henry VIII powers and impose a state of emergencyAnd congratulations labour MPs will have helped them 
"Brexit uncertainty has crushed confidence in the property market, according to the official surveyors’ body, with buyers evaporating, prices falling and sales taking a record amount of time to complete."  
Brexit.  
READ: Former Prime Minister Tony Blair warns of the devastating effect Brexit will have on our public services, including the NHS.It doesn't have to be this way. Brexit isn't a done deal, but it is a big deal. 
May isn’t going to be leader at the next GE. Remain @Conservatives are using her to betray Brexit, come the next GE they will simply change leader and say, she’s gone, Brexit is over and then all those MPs who were behind the betrayal will demand your vote for fear of Corbyn. 
We believe you David, hang on, when you were Minister for Europe weren't you the one who put the Commons to sleep during the 2015 Referendum Act debate when you said a threshold wasn't required as the referendum was simply advisory? Yeah, we believe everything you say David!!!!  
UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP will be on BBC One’s Politics Live this Friday at 12.15 discussing UKIP, Brexit and Tommy Robinson’s photo with British Army recruits.  
Today I met with Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK. We discussed many critical economic issues including #Brexit.  
Cold dollop of reality about service exports & Brexit from the NIESR  
Please read/share this report about Brexit questions in national and EU courts, it's a Commons Library briefing from HoC.@JolyonMaugham @abcpoppins @nickynoo007 @Women_4_Europe @GuitarMoog @JasonJHunter @thatginamiller #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch  
"The biggest gap in the market is not for a fanatically pro-EU, metropolitan and corporatist party...It would be infinitely better if the Tories could...come to terms with Brexit, find a new language to sell capitalism and reinvent themselves"  
Whitehall considering 'mass slaughter' of sheep heading for EU if there’s a no-deal Brexit.Tweeted this yesterday..slaughtered ‘en route’ it’s horrifying.  
Of course it's a trick.Every single step of Brexit so far has had FRAUD running through it like the letters in a stick of rock.Why should they change a winning formula? 
When Chris Grayling, at a recent meeting with hauliers, *didn’t know* that Brexit means UK Driving Licenses will be invalid in the EU, or JRM demonstrating he’s unaware of the EU post Directive (or lying outright) ...  
No infrastructure is needed at the Irish border by the tax authorities because of brexit, according to head of hmrc Jon Thompson, speaking @ifgevents. He has recruited 5000 extra staff to handle leaving the EU. 
Tony Blair: If there were a referendum on Brexit deal terms, “given all that we now know – and they won’t run another campaign with £350 million on the side of a bus - if the people still vote for it, then we’ve got to get behind it.” Watch #ReutersLive: 
21 bodies from NI business community write to PM voicing “grave concern” about no deal Brexit and call for regional flexibility around migrant labour policies. Signatories   
I assume Mr. Speaker is going to haul Mrs. May back to the dispatch box to tell the public why she misled Parliament on the subject of Education funding, this deception is spreading like wildfire under her administration, whether its #Brexit/#NHS/welfare etc #PMQS #GTTO 
People’s frustration is growing justifiably  louder, but please understand the mathematics70% of our MPs voted remain & wouldn’t support a change in leader. So Brexit MPs can only use their numbers as leverage against bad policyEmail your MP with your views#StandUp4Brexit 
I'm already seeing the talk of Bear Markets and "2008 again" blah blah. I see nothing unusual about this Selloff and I've been saying we had no 'proper' Correction in Autumn for couple of years. Brexit is holding Buyers back but that will soon be over and all back to normal. 
Not once have they called out Brexit for the right-wing nationalist demagoguery it is. Not once have they as a party complained about corruption in the referendum. Not once have they noted that "Will of the people" is a fascist concept...  
The Irish border issue has ensured that any deal based on what we know at present will not receive DUP support, the support of those Labour members who have bolstered the government in tight votes on Brexit legislation or up to 80 of its own backbenchers. 
It's very revealing that the same people who oppose the Vucic-Thaci land swap idea because "no one has asked people on the ground how they would be affected" unreservedly support the Macedonia name change referendum despite overwhelming public opposition to it. 
Tony Blair on Brexit @Reuters: “It was never a good idea to think that you could decide this issue in the way we did. Because the detail does really matter.” Watch #ReutersLive:  
Delighted to get a round of applause at #europematters roundtable for my plea for #EU to listen to voices of nations & regions such as Scotland & #Catalonia. So important for @theSNP voice to be heard  in #Brussels #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #Brexit #FBPE 
DUP plan to vote against the Budget over Brexit red lines 
Unacceptable 17:4 million Brits voted for freedom & democracy that means free trade deals with rest of world!Michel Barnier tells UK to abandon free trade plans to get Brexit deal  via @CityAM 
This reminds me, during Indyref in 2014 I said to @gavinesler on Islay that We would be out of #EU with a No to Scottish independence vote and our best protection was independence for Scotland to Protect Scotch Whisky industry and tourism.  #ScotRef #Brexit  
...and here, support for free movement in the Spring of 2018. Average of #EU28 has gone up from 79% to 82%. Lowest support rates have gone up from #Britain's 63% to #Italy's 70%. Support in the UK has gone up by almost 10%. If you ask me, this has a lot to to do with #Brexit. End  
Dear @LenMcCluskey - have you and other Union chiefs been to talk to WTO yet and now aware of the devastating damage Brexit will cause? If not suggest you go this week or i will take serious legal action against you and @UKLabour MPs supporting Brexit. 
Begin your day with this must-read profile of Olly Robbins, Britain's real Brexit broker, by @alexebarker and @GeorgeWParker 
"Theresa May cannot say she has not been warned. Brexit poses a mounting threat to the unity of the UK. Nor can she dispute the eminence of those who have been doing the warning." 
Hilarious - Blair pushing for a "we will implement what you decide" pledge in a SECOND in/out referendum to be held before the first one has been implemented.  
If it wasn’t an agreed self-determination referendum in Scotland, what was it, therefore, @carmencalvo_ ? I’d love to know ... 
JUST IN: Tony Blair says we should put the Brexit question back to the people   #ReutersLive 
Thread: I am hearing a lot of talk about a second referendum and going back to the question of reforming #freemovement, including this report from @sundersays on @nick_clegg's conversations around #Europe. I think this is a dangerous route to go. Here is why. 
This is exactly the wrong way to go. I'd rather see Brexit go through than threaten free movement for the rest of Europe.  
"This [new] referendum would have to be definitive in my view." (But the last ref was agreed to be definitive)  
Brexiter Sir Jim Radcliife is moving INEOS production to EU. Patisserie Valerie, chaired by Brexiter in chief Luke Johnson, is wound up by HMRC because of potential fraud. IDS is the author of universal credit. Enough said. Brexit is charlatan central 
Can I just point out that there are many, many decent people in Northern Ireland. We aren't all homophobic, bigotted misogynists. Some of us are actually quite nice when you get to know us. The one thing we aren't though is English. On brexit the dup represent barely 20% of us. 
Brexit and travel: the little we know for certain, and the loads we don't 
I will never forgive those who enabled this. Brexit will be forever pinned to the Government liars and the Labour cowards. 
May’s Brexit is so destructive because we leave  the single market. Reintroducing non-tariff barriers to trade raises costs on average 20 % - four times more than average customs tariffs. Thats why so many companies are freezing investment or leaving. Her deal must be blocked. 
"Scotland’s remain vote has been ignored. So have Sturgeon’s reasonable ideas about mitigating Brexit in Scotland. Instead, some devolution powers have been suspended and the UK government took the Scots to court: a curiously tough form of love." 
With brexit consuming all the oxygen in the atmosphere of UK politics, the environment secretary has no time for the actual environment  
Brexit deal at risk as EU demands new border in Irish Sea – but Theresa May’s DUP allies will bring her down if she agrees 
Support for a #Brexit deal based on membership of the #EEA has increased, according to new research conducted with @policyatkings and @Cambridge_Uni. 
We warned you at the time PM. You  need a long spoon to sup with the Devil !!!Theresa May faces Brexit battle as DUP threatens to sabotage government  
Politics is like selling a product. You can con a mark into buying a pup once, not twice. To keep winning elections, or selling widgets, you need to establish trust. They need the referendum to be a one time only deal because they won in 2016 by trickery & know they'd lose now. 
There's important context for the DUP's toughening talk about bringing down Theresa May over Brexit: Arlene Foster is herself in a perilous position. The party denies that a meeting of MPs & MLAs in a Portadown hotel tomorrow is anything other than routine 
New research by The National Institute of Economic and Social Research (@NIESRorg), commissioned by us, shows that the implications of a hard Brexit are more serious for Britain’s fast-growing service exports than for manufacturing exports. Read more ↓  
Spanish Vice-President Carmen Calvo this morning: "In #Scotland, there wasn't any agreed self-determination referendum." 
“This is about getting the polls above the 50% mark for Yes between now and when Nicola Sturgeon calls the referendum." 
Various presumably coordinated articles this morning from ERG luminaries about what a dreadful Brexit deal we're about to get. Really not helpful to a negotiating team in the final stages of talks, like they want talks to fail. 
The whole point of voting for Brexit was in order to be able to strike independent free trade deals with the rest of the world.  If we can't do that, then we haven't got what we voted for. 
The ludicrous contortions these preening clowns undertake to avoid admitting the idiocy of their beloved Brexit would be funny if they weren't dragging the whole country down.  
Hilary Clinton Brexit could be the biggest self inflicted wound in history#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteMarch October 20#BollocksToBrexit we can stop it 
Theresa May has made one step too far in her sham negotiations with the EU....She very clearly has no intention of fulfilling the referendum result.  Staying in the customs union is a piss take.  For God's sake get rid of her, she's a liability. 
Please don’t engage with me seriously on the subject of Brexit. I have no views other than a deep sense of desperation. 
"There's a strong case for getting informed consent here on Brexit through a #PeoplesVote"@sarahwollaston is spot on - the only way out of this Brexit mess is with a #PeoplesVote on the deal - march with us to demand one on Oct 20th:  
Wonderful!Sounds like 2, 900,000 votes from Kano state in 2015 presidential election.At this rate APC may get 200, 000,000 votes in 2019 presidential election.Another reason to demand #referendum for all nations in #Nigeria#BiafraExit #BiafraReferendum #FreeBiafra #Biafra 
This is building problem for the govt... IDS and former PM Sir John Major who also has some choice words for the tories about Brexit - on @BBCr4today in a sec 
NEW: Michael Gove promised “we will be in control of the seas” after Brexit. But our new investigation shows that just a few rich families control huge amounts of fishing quota, leaving small-scale fishers “struggling to make a living”.  
Theresa May guilty of 'culpable naivety' in Brexit negotiations, warns former ambassador  
DUP threaten to ‘vote down Budget’ if Brexit deal crosses their red lines: Brexit News for Thursday 11th October  
Did the uk have to ask the Eu for permission to have a referendum? No, because the EU is a union of equals.If Scotland therefore has to ask permission to have a referendum therefore self evident the UK is Not a union of equals#brexit #Indyref2 
Bravo @SimonClarkeMP & @frankfieldteam - free ports are indeed a cracking idea and one of the best Brexit opportunities that Britain has. Proud that @CPSThinkTank & Rishi Sunak MP were first to come up with the idea 
Marston’s, one of the country’s biggest brewers and pub operators, has shrugged off Brexit as “not a big issue”.  
Just did radio interview with @bbc5live this morning about #Brexit the importance of NI remaining in the EU, importance of the Good Friday Agreement and making the point that the DUP do NOT speak for us in Northern Ireland! We must protect our jobs, opportunities and future! 
Thousands of EU-based startups are registered as Limited (Ltd). Brexit will cause serious problems for them. We think there should be a legal entity like an "EU Limited" which could be based/moving anywhere in the EU and would get taxed on a EU level. Retweet if you agree!   
“The backstop has often been described as an insurance policy by the government. It is, in fact, a hidden trap that could lead to the complete evisceration of the benefits of Brexit, giving us the worst of all worlds” @ShankerASingham#StandUp4Brexit 
Heading north on train to Derby to visit Toyota plant and discuss latest Brexit developments with management and trade unions there. Protecting our manufacturing sector is a must. 
FARAGE “It looks very much folks like there’s going to be a Chequers minus deal next week.“We’re getting much, much closer to a Labour government if Theresa May does not deliver the Brexit that so many Tory voters thought that she would.”  
Secrecy & unaccountability have been the hallmarks of these last 2.5 Brexit years. Yesterday it was confirmed industry has been gagged by non-disclosure agreements.I keep saying this. Transparency was critical, yet missing, in May’s Brexit.This is a #BehindClosedDoors Brexit.  
We must stand up for brexit We must protest for brexit We must make politicians carry out brexitWe must protect our bordersWe must protect our sovereignty WE MUST NOT BE TOLD BY THE EUROPEAN UNION TO DO ANYTHING!! 
The number of Labour MPs in Working-class areas that voted Leave, who don't have the courage to speak up and say what a fucking disaster Brexit will be are a stain on Politics in the country.Simple as that. 
Friends! Tragic news!Our New Houses - including even Our Luxury Homes - may soon be cheaper, due to Brexit!And yet, when you point out this awful news to Leavers, they just laugh and say "Most houses are way too expensive, so that's surely a good thing!"Talk about uncaring!  
How does it feel to be one of the 6% - the EU nationals who have made their home in the UK and who feel let down by the experience of the last two years?Meet Filippo, who talks about the unscrupulous politicians who manipulated Brexit. #StrongerTogether 
The people who keep telling us chlorinated chicken is "just fine" won't be eating chlorinated chicken post Brexit. They might as well be saying "it's perfectly safe to eat cat food"... they won't be doing it. 
The DUP, led by Arlene Foster, warned that Theresa May “may not be the leader to take us through Brexit”  
I’m not sure about a people’s vote because it will leave the country even more divided. I think we should all get behind a Pause Brexit Until We’ve Sorted Our Shit Out movement. 
Andrew Neil MOCKS Labour MP as she claims second Brexit vote would UNITE Britain  
London’s house price slump weighs down national property prices as Brexit concerns, rate rises discourage buyers  
IDS admits his vanity project which has caused interminable suffering and cost a fortune has failed and needs to be reversed!Can someone please ask these idiots why they think #Brexit is going to help this catastrophe?  
May wrecked Brexit as soon as she signed that blasted backstop almost a year ago. The question is no longer when will we regain independence, but if we will at all.Support us at  
Thieves have stolen Ksh 14.8 Trillion and hid them in offshore accounts but we are here talking about the wage bill and referendum. Kenyans don't want a referendum, Kenyans want corruption tackled. 
Not just an economically compromised UK, but the end of the UK. That may well be the true, sad legacy of Brexit. Little Englanders rejoice.  
Superb clarity by @mdbuckley here. All Brexit deals look bad... the mood is changing and Labour members & voters are overwhelmingly for a #PeoplesVote. 
The Government is advertising £50,000 jobs to “respond to and recover from civil emergencies of all types" as a result of Brexit. It looks like Jacob Rees-Mogg was right after all, there will be some well paid jobs after Brexit!  
Good piece in #Macclesfield local paper @CheshireLiveMac on the recent #PeoplesVote stall we held and local reaction to Brexit.‘People want this govt to put their deal back to the people to have it endorsed or not, rather than leave on whatever terms they now cobble together.’  
A group of remain-backing Tory MPs are plotting to form a rival movement to Jacob Rees-Mogg’s highly effective Eurosceptics, with the aim of voting down Theresa May’s Brexit deal amid concerns that it would wreck the economy. 
Now Brexit really is threatening to tear the UK apart | Martin Kettle  
If you are not losing any sleep at all over Brexit, then there is a fair chance that you are not in command of all the facts.#StopBrexit 
Gordon Brown just predicted there will be a second Brexit referendum.Brown says a #FinalSay referendum will be the only way to sort out the Brexit problem. 
Freeports would boost the north after Brexit; creating jobs and broadening our manufacturing base  
Extraordinary! Former Liberal leader John Hewson has called on voters in his former seat of Wentworth to use the byelection as a referendum on #ClimateChange and vote against the fossil-fuel-fixated Liberals. #FossilFuels = #ClimateChange 
I can state various concrete implications of Brexit that harm my business. Legal realities that threaten my livelihood. I'd like to hear from a leave voter who can do the same and explain how EU membership impacts negatively on their life other than vague, abstract ideas.  
The full list of what the UK has been paying for, and will pay for again under Theresa's '#Brexit bill' - Full details:   FINAL PART OF OUR EXPLOSIVE 'BREXIT BILL' SERIES  
She has to go now.There's no more time to be hanging onto an ineffective PM who has been working against her manifesto in secret.Theresa May cannot deliver #Brexit simply because she does not want to.Chucking Chequers is no longer enough.We've seen the truth, it must end now. 
Thread. A genuine scandal. Trade bodies were made to sign non-disclosure agreements before UKGov would discuss Brexit planning with them so that they would not expose the lack of readiness. Normal for Govt. contractors. Very far from normal for trade associations.  
Sky Views: Ending austerity is PM's big Brexit con > Designed solely to push Chequers through her own party, the PM has given Corbyn not just an open goal but an empty pitch on which to play the Tories  
British Columbia is having a referendum on proportional representation this month!!It'll be a super easy mail-in ballot, and I think it's really important we finally get this passed!Register to vote here:  
Brexit: Tony Blair warns of long-term damage to UK services sector  This from remainer Blair who gets money from Brussels and sent our service people to die in a war caused by lying. 
A week is indeed a long time in politics, and as @skwawkbox highlights, eight months is an eternity after previous critics of Jeremy Corbyn's #Brexit plan start appropriating it.  
“There’s only one outcome which would honour the referendum result apart from a World Trade Brexit: a comprehensive free trade agreement along the lines of the one Canada has negotiated with the EU. The time has come to take that option” #StandUp4Brexit 
Northern Ireland could get the best both worlds in #brexit deal - who could be against that? Good for everyone especially NI economy @FineGael 
Here ya go. Met a dog walker in my local park yesterday. I’m wearing my Bollox to Brexit badge. He was telling me, gently mind, that this country should be “for our people” and other countries for theirs. Mixing doesn’t work. Minutes later he says his wife is Polish. FFS! #Brexit 
While the government prioritises Brexit, they continue to ignore the needs of many in our society. The rise of homelessness deaths is a scandal. The main priority of a government must always be to protect its own people. Our government has failed to do so. 
it could have been so different for the Conservative party. All they needed to do was unite behind a real brexit. upholding democracy. but no they, weak Theresa May and the remain rebels let personal feelings get in the way. Now they are on brink of collapse. fools. utter fools. 
How do the Tory loathing, Lib Dem deriding, Blairite hating supporters of the Labour leadership,  accommodate the the idea of voting with Theresa May to pass a potential Brexit deal?#labour 
There’s an inherent problem: what if there’s no form of Brexit that puts the national interest first?(Spoiler: there IS no form of Brexit that puts the national interest first)  
I hope ⁦⁦@DUPleader⁩ does the patriotic thing and brings this rancid Government down. I’ve had it with May. Staying in the SU and CU is not Brexit.   
Fundraiser by ⁦@JasonJHunter⁩ : Help me STOP Brexit? We CAN do it.“I would NEVER have forgiven myself if I didn't do everything in my power to STOP Brexit for all our sakes”.Jason has given up his job to fight Brexit.Please chip in so he can.  
All the evidence indicates Brexit is a bluff gone wrong.Even in the best case scenario we lose far more than we could even theoretically gain.Therefore it was only ever a ruse to try and force the EU to yield to our demands. Nothing else makes sense. 
Theresa May is preparing to sell out the UK on #Brexit & doubly sell out Northern Ireland, keeping the whole country in the Customs Union, and Northern Ireland in the Single Market as well with a new customs border in the Irish Sea.  
As May tries to drag MPs to her Brexit deal out of fear rather than conviction, Britain deserves more than being dragged over a meaningless set of red lines.  May has chosen this path, & she obtusely refuses to budge - no matter what the cost, to our future & our cohesion.  
#Brexit has never been - and will never be - in the UK's national interest. What's worse, @theresa_may knows this. And that makes her a traitor. Time to #StopBrexit. 
Who could have predicted that selling shellfish to Hong Kong was a non-starter? Brexit throws up astonishing new findings every day.  
McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy will introduce a bill that will fully fund President Trump’s planned wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, thereby setting the Midterm Elections up as a referendum on immigration policy.   
Brexit kills our fisheries. Leave have nothing to offer UK. Time for a #PeoplesVote. 
Brexit: Tony Blair warns of long-term damage to UK services sector  
I am speaking on Ireland & Brexit in the House of Lords this morning; and on Brexit & the arts this afternoon. Two very sorry stories 
#Brexit Wish we had Donald Trump over hear a man with balls of steel gets things done. He would get a good deal on Brexit for us. We’ve got Theresa Maybe PM with no backbone. Loves waving white flag to EU. And Jeremy Corbyn  hates EU all his life likes it now HYPOCRITE.  
The east is red.Asian stocks are on their worst single-day drop since the Brexit vote in 2016  
They closed the Duhok-Sinjar road after the KRI lost Sinjar to Baghdad (after the independence referendum). Now, Yazidis have to travel via Mosul for hours if they want to visit their old houses: dangerous, traumatising and exhausting. The road should be opened immediately.  
Republican Senators Defend Trump’s Short-Term Health Plan Rule Against Dems Who Want To Make Midterms Referendum On Health Care  
Tories promise up to 50yrs more austerity if #Brexit goes ahead. The harder the Brexit, the longer the period of austerity, & let's make no mistake; May's Brexit is a VERY #HardBrexit. It means biz relocations, job losses & lower GDP growth. How does that help your Constituents? 
Peace for Your Kids...When Leavers state by more than 80% majority that Brexit comes before Peace in NI, you know 100% your fight is right:Fight against Hate.Fight against Bigots.Fight against War.Fight for Peace.Fight for your Kids' future.Peace not War  
Hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahaTrue to an undeliverable manifesto because...just in case you missed this little detail...it was costed against “business as usual”. NOT Brexit in ANY version, as the Govt did no specify a model of BrexitGrow up.  You’re paid £77k a year to do so 
I don't think that even a magic lamp could help her negotiate her way through Brexit to be honest  
Absolutely.A ‘huge Leave majority’ is utterly illusory.The difference between the two votes was 1,269,501. In a binary ref, the effect of voters changing their minds is doubled.So the referendum turned on just 634,751 votes, well within Dominic Cummings’ infamous 650k voters. 
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  
The backstop proposals change the negotiating dynamics in the EU’s favour, removing Brexit prize of an independent trade policy, and aren’t necessary to achieve no hardening of the Irish border so that peace process can be protected.@ShankerASingham  
"He coaches scared." This is a well-informed, well-written referendum on Jay Gruden, by Bill-in-Bangkok on @HogsHaven. 
Theresa May's Chequers Deal is too closely aligned to EU trade policy. It's deliberate effect will be to render external trade for the UK impractical. It is economic slavery, political duplicity.Your vote, our democracy ... was always a myth.@Conservatives @UKLabour #Brexit  
Has a SECRET Brexit deal already been agreed? ITV’s Robert Peston makes INCREDIBLE claim  
The final betrayal. May will ask the Cabinet to agree Brexit deal that keeps UK in customs union. This goes against a key manifesto commitment and betrays the vote of 17.4m Brits. The DUP & Tory brexiteers must say NO even if it brings down the government.  
We have 7,000 more civil servants because of Brexit, a fact. I thought we were going to be getting more nurses and doctors? Although where from the latter would come if not through migration, was never answered. 
Boris Johnson launches fully justified tirade against Theresa May saying her Brexit plan will see the UK become a permanent EU colony. If May won't budge brexiteer MP's must take down the government. If May won't deliver brexit they may as well risk Corbyn  
The DUP’s Brexit spokesman writes in today’s Telegraph that May is pursuing the road to parliamentary defeat if her agreement includes the Irish backstop. The crunch is coming. 
84% of the vote went to pro-Brexit parties.Whilst Lib Dems gained seats, their % of the vote along with Plaid Cymru, Greens and the SNP dropped.All parties pledging Brexit bar UKIP (votes went to Labour+Tories) increased.Only pro-Remain party to gain was Sinn Fein (+0.1%). 
Hilary Clinton in her speech after being awarded an honorary degree at Belfast University condemns Brexit as a self-inflicted wound and implies it could restart the troubles. No wonder she lost the presidential election. She remains part of a backward-looking, out of touch elite. 
The only reason we’re told Democrats are favored to win back the House is because the opposition party usually does by tradition. But But But, lets remember, Donald Trump is NOT your traditional President which the opposition made the Mid Terms a referendum about#VoteRed 
Brexit: grilled pain - even though Chequers is toast, if there is a November Council and the UK is still in the game, we can judge that progress has been made. And the EU will be committed to a deal and we will all be sharing the same pain...  #Brexinfo. 
I'm doing much the same! Taking over chairing a pro-EU group.I would sooner starve than suffer #Brexit.And this is my absolute duty to my [adult] children who were born EU citizens. 
Let's hang every single person in Britain who says 'would of' instead of 'would have' and then have another Brexit referendum. That will actually sort out almost everything. 
And yet for people on both sides of the debate, motives are questioned, the debate is poisoned and it feels we’ve learnt nothing from the referendum campaign. With 52% on one side and 48% on the other the only mandate is for compromise 
In the end, the midterms are a referendum on saving our democracy by putting a check on Trump. His lies, war on the media, assault on our institutions, overt corruption, shattering norms, and consolidation of power should frighten us all. 27 days.  Do everything you possibly can! 
We are upgrading our assessment of post Brexit food supplies from "adequate" to "adequate +++". 
Paint a picture of a dire future with No Deal. Suggest there will be riots if we Remain. Twist Labour MP's arms until they support a terrible, compromising, #Brexit deal. This is Theresa May's strategy.Don't fall for it. We need a #PeoplesVote 
See they're off again, Johnson lying about the facts surrounding their illegally procured referendum; the majority in 2016 was 1,269,501- in the 1975 legally procured referendum the majority was 8,908,508 - now that's what you call a mandate!  
You're one of the reasons why I quit my @UKLabour Party membership last year. I'm 53. I've voted #Labour all my life but if #Brexit happens now with all we know about what a disaster ANY #Brexit will cause; my family will NEVER vote for the #LabourParty ever again.#PeoplesVote 
This was on @RussianEmbassy's website during the referendum. It's now gone. If you signed up, it would turn your Twitter account into a bot. Anyone got any ideas on how to find out more? #digitalsleuths 
Is this the @UKLabour position? That Brexit *must* happen? @UKLabour’s six tests rendered obsolete because “the referendum result must be respected” no matter the cost?  
The Labour manifesto also ruled out  a no deal Brexit. How would you resolve a contradiction between two parts of the manifesto?  
I was repeatedly told that Labour was playing a long game every time they were whipped to vote with the Tories on Brexit.  Now I know it wasn’t a long game Labour is aligned with the Tories on Brexit. Shame on you Corbyn. 
Watching  tonight it became clear that the only way May can deliver a form of Brexit is with Labour votes. If true it will be the greatest betrayal of the working classes in Labour history. Austerity +++ on steroids, delivered by the so-called workers party. 
The cold hard reality of global trade. Yet more evidence of why we need the British people’s #informedconsent before we go ahead with #Brexit  
Newspaper headlines: Ethnic pay gap, and DUP's Brexit threat  
Without being boring Caroline, please let me know how Brexit will protect your constituents from a "banking crash", cuts and pay freezes. Thank you. 
Gary Percival  wrote “Brexit is rapidly becoming like someone who booked a trip to Dignitas when they were told they were dying and has now been told there’s a cure. But they’re going to Switzerland anyway, because they can’t face dealing with Ryanair’s customer service team.” 
She stressed that independence was ‘the very opposite of Brexit’. Well, quite. Brexit is actually going to happen.  
The ladybird book of the #Brexit spring  with lambs to the abbotair  
I very much doubt your assertion. This “guestimation” is nonsense. In the Referendum my strongest Labour wards were overwhelming Leave. 75 - 86%.  
Wouldn't it be wonderful if the end of this Brexit fiasco was brought about by one thing:MP's performing their duty to act in the national interest as a whole, with a special duty their constituents.It's exactly why we elected them to represent us. 
DUP - delighted that #Ashers finally get court judgement in their favour on third attempt. Also DUP - against a second referendum on Brexit because we’ve already had the referendum and we need to accept the first result. 
Tory Brexit is falling apart. If May succeeds we gain nothing but lose money, influence and freedom. If May fails we get the disaster territory of no deal. The only democratic option is a public vote on the deal - with the safety of remain on the ballot.  
Sorry, as made clear today, I support my local fishermen-NOT #Brexit! Our local fishery largely crustaceans (Lobster & Langoustines) & EU market crucial for 85% of produce. Fishing devolved for 19 years but UK Gov IMPOSING frameworks instead of agreeing with @scotgov #PowerGrab 
Theresa May + Chequers = Treason. Retweet if you agree. #Brexit  
$SPY $ volume (my unofficial fear gauge) was $60b today, Category 4-level, about same as Brexit, but good deal lower than Volmageddon, Black Monday II (8/24/15) and GFC..  
The word 'mess' doesn't come close to describing the current status of #Brexit - even clusterf*ck seems somewhat inadequate for this utter bourach. What a time to be alive.*pours drink*Oh aye, and a wee reminder that Scotland still has an escape route...we should use it.  
Oh my! 'Theresa May will ask Cabinet for a customs union Brexit as DUP warns it could bring down her Government'  via @Telegraph 
Boris Johnson says Theresa May’s ‘breakthrough deal’ will make UK a ‘permanent EU colony’.Here‘s a map of nations that were also made permanent colonies of the UK. If people could Retweet this on to Boris that would be greatly appreciated #Brexit #PeoplesVote #C4News 
Aye right. If Scotland votes in a parliament on a mandate to hold a referendum (we did) and Holyrood votes in favour (it did) then we have the right to hold a referendum. Galloway May, Cable and even Corbyn claiming a British veto over Scottish democracy is unacceptable.  
so when is your party going to put country first and stop Brexit? 
Great that .@CarolineFlintMP @GloriaDePiero @gareth_snell @RuthSmeeth (all campaigned to remain in tough constituencies) respecting referendum outcome and defending democracy. True Parliamentarians! Great .@UKLabour MPs from outside M25. Massive respect to all! 
"A £39 billion pig in a poke"@DavidDavisMP reacts to a so-called “blind Brexit”  
Why are we even considering giving Leave another EU referendum? How many can they have 2,5,10 ???... or as many as they need until they manage to win one without criminally cheating?  
*IF* GB is out of the EU Customs Union & NI is in, NI retains participation in all the trade deals of the EU,* whilst the rUK will have... Erm, how many exactly? In truth, DUP fury is not about Brexit. It is about distrust of English MPs. *As @MichelBarnier set out today  
DUP threatens to pull support for Theresa May's government over Brexit plans 
Given the new results of the yougov poll, which shows, 72% of English tories want Scotland out of the union, and 92% of English brexit voting tories, want Scotland out of the union, why do Scottish tories want to be part of a club where the principle partner does not want you. 
Remember in February when Tories & centrists lambasted Corbyn’s proposals for a customs union with the EU saying it wouldn’t work, betray result & be undesirable by EU? Barnier says he’d agree to one. Only Labour will deliver Brexit that unites both sides!  
May's Brexit deal and the life long futures of everyone in our country could be decided by a handful of MP's with a personal opinion one way or another.It's simply ridiculous to think that's more democratic than asking the combined knowledge of 47 million people.#PeoplesVote 
A national disgrace that @theresa_may and her Brexit ministers refuse to hear from @The3Million and @BritishInEurope.She needs to learn from Windrush.Stripping people of their rights and creating a hostile environment is quite simply wrong.MPs must hold a @FinalSayForAll. 
Expect some Govt Ministers to resign tomorrow.If none do it’s an even bigger betrayal to The Brexit 17.mThis Govt have shown such weakness in negotiations and heads must roll.This Country if this plan is carried out is in danger of civilunrest.Heading for a Corbyn Govt. 
no doubt in my mind from multiple sources that important industrial and logistics providers feel gagged by these NDAs in telling the public the reality/ correcting erroneous optimistic political claims re Brexit border preparedness.Cant think of a precedent. 
So many people are saying to me that they gave the Conservatives their vote in 2017 when TM asked them to trust her to deliver Brexit and they persuaded reluctant friends and family to do so .... and now they feel embarrassed and angry. 
#Newsnight I’m afraid @nicholaswatt is just wrong to say that the alternative to a Theresa May #brexit deal is a no-deal Brexit. There are two other options: - renegotiate (a different deal)- reconsider Brexit (with a new referendum) 
 introducing Nick Clegg as the, "remainers remainer", instead of the, "shit house who jumped into Cameron's ham wallet that voted for austerity measures that lead to a referendum in the first place", proves that Peston is just as bad as the rest of them. 
i'm trying my best to fight Brexit, but it's hard, because i'm also fighting:- complex PTSD- chronic depression- anxiety & social anxiety- avoidant personality disorder and OCPD- an eating disorder- suicidal ideationi hate to admit it, but the truth is i'm severely unwell. 
So an industry significantly impacted by Brexit are being silenced by the government, so can’t express their view on those impacts. What the hell is happening in this country? 
My reaction to any suggestion that the UK could remain locked inside the Customs Union #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit 
The government is actively seeking to hide the tangible effects of Brexit from the public. There’s only one reason they’d feel this was necessary. Cynical and deeply concerning 
Instead of thinking only of yr job, how about taking a moral stance, looking calmly at evidence on Brexit - inc overwhelming evidence that poorest communities will be much worse off & NHS will suffer from economic contraction - & then acting in your constituents’ best interests?  
"Relax. It will be the easiest operation in history. We're just having a little dispute among the surgeons about how many limbs we need to remove for it to be a proper brexit." pic.twitter.com/CDcAL5EFjd 
Road Haulage Association at Brexit committee today confirm my story from March - a number of organisations obliged to sign non disclosure agreements before discussions re: Brexit border with Government -not impressed with what they have been told, but blocked from talking details 
David Davis was lazy,a joke & totally ineffective as Brexit Minister. Since resigning, he has joined up with Jacob Rees Mogg & the ERG trying to ensure that Brexit is as hard as possible. He is endangering the UK economy & the Good Friday Agreement! We need to #SoptBrexit  
Whatever side of Brexit, or none, you are on, it IS all kicking off' ... more here  
It gets better and better. For months I have been saying that Ireland is the Achilles heel of Brexit. We have really good chance is ending the whole catastrophe provided genuine British & Irish patriots now stand firm  
Theresa May will ask Cabinet to agree a #Brexit deal that keeps UK in EU customs union. That’s remain not Leave the EU.Her #Chequers blueprint for the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement is the opposite of everything she said in her Lancaster House speech. 
To everyone else struggling with Brexit I just want to say this one thing today: please make sure that you have someone to talk to. I do, and I am more grateful to them than any words could ever express. So I dedicate this thread to them - you know who you are xxx 20/20  
Can you actually put into words what this "best Brexit" is @CarolineFlintMP or are you simply happy to play along with the likes of Mogg and Johnson even if this ruins the life chances of your constituents? 
We've now reached the stage of the Brexit negotiations where everyone in the room runs around saying to everyone else in the room "you think you're hard, do you?". 
Brexit is the fucking Shawshank Redemption, but with more tunneling through shit and no fucking redemption. At some point soon, Scotland will have one last chance to escape from Shawhank Brexit and those sleekit bastard Tory prison guards. We have to escape. It is that simple. 
Caroline, the purpose of the People's Vote is so people have a say on the job destroying Tory Brexit deal May brings back.You know this. We haven't voted on it.We had a public vote in 2016 on what is now clearly a set of broken promises and outright lies.Please get it right  
Only today discovered that Patisserie Valerie's Luke Johnson supports Brexit. The only branches I ever went into were the ones in Marylebone station and Spitalfields. In both cases every single member of staff was clearly from the EU or Eastern Europe. What is he thinking? 
Sammy Wilson is right to be angry.  May’s backstop plans keep UK in the Customs Union and Northern Ireland in the single market. Delighted that Sammy will be speaking at our Save Brexit Rally in Bournemouth next Monday  
We desperately need to start talking about Brexit in a purely factual way. This is the objective of @endthechaosuk. 
If May considers keeping us in the Customs Union, she & the Tories will be Toast! Brexit vote of 17.4m was to Leave EU, Customs Union, Single Market & ECJ!  
That's it @itvnews. Just focus on the DUP and Brexit.The fact Theresa May virtually told us in PMQ's earlier that she  lied at conference when she said Austerity is over might be more of a focus point. 
Quite wrong.The Brexit sold is not the Brexit being delivered. We are not fulfilling 2016 vote.It is everyone’s duty to rationally examine what comes out of PM’s talks.IF (1) not in UK interest and (2) does not deliver 2016 Brexit, we betray values *and* voters by agreeing.  
“It’d be infinitely better if the Tories could come to terms with Brexit, find a new language to sell capitalism and reinvent themselves. The question is: do they have the guts to listen to voters? Or do they have a political death wish?”#StandUp4Brexit 
The only way #brexit happens is through an unholy Tory-Labour coalition.If it does we will neither forgive nor forget! 
To @UKLabourIf you are hoping to let Brexit happen, and then win the post Brexit General Election, news flash, there won't be oneThe Tories are a dying party, if they get Brexit through with the Henry VIII powers there will not be another oneThis stupid long game won't work 
Does anyone remember what Sarah Wollaston used to say earlier this year about the dangers of a second referendum? It doesn't seem like she does...  
Any Cabinet Minister who agrees to this will forfeit his claim to support Brexit. It's as simple as that.  
Wow. Just, wow. =O"Polling this week showed that 77% of English Tory members would rather see Scottish independence than abandon Brexit" 
On Thursday May will ask her Brexit war Cabinet to agree a backstop that would keep UK in EU customs union until a trade deal can be agreedWe all know that any incentive for the EU to negotiate a deal will evaporate the minute they do#StandUp4Brexit 
NEWS! DUP demands same post-Brexit laws as rest of UK, apart from all the abortion and gay rights stuff  
“The Prime Minister is hoping the thick word soup around post-Brexit customs will make it impossible for voters to notice her crossing that red line.” Exactly the carry-on that fostered euroscepticism in the first place - being mis-sold Treaty after Treaty  
Remind me who elected Arlene Foster to be an MP?That's right. NOBODY.You Brexiters can ram your silly "take back control" slogan where the sun doesn't shine. Arlene Foster deciding Britain's future is NOT democracy. It's tyranny. A curse on all #Brexit parties. #BrexitShambles 
For anyone unfamiliar with the DUP play book, expect UVF flags to suddenly appear on lamp-posts outside Westminster along with public demands for Orange marches over London Bridge. #Brexit 
If May betrays Brexit (and it looks like she will), the Tories will deserve to be utterly and irrevocably destroyed. And I say that as a Tory voter. 
Totally behind you & the WM group on this 100%.But I'd go that one step further & just come home.They don't give a toss whether we are there or not. @IanBlackfordSNPBrexit: SNP's Ian Blackford vows to cause 'maximum disruption' to Theresa May's government  
Mr Cameron tweeting about the Maldives while his successors break promises he - and they - made to the British people on Brexit. Poor show.  
No, she is a duplicitous Europhile.The facts are: Handed over our strongest neg positions for free, sidelined the Brexit team whilst holding SECRET negotiations presented as a "fait accompli" seen by  Merkel before cabinet, refuses to budge position . In short, lying to 17.4mill  
News headline on Brexit introduced with what Boris Johnson thinks first. Getting rather tired of seeing and hearing Brexit being presented via the prism of a backbench, former Minister who has repeatedly resigned or been sacked from posts. 
Sturgeon made a telling point when she compared the receptivity of the EU to Ireland’s special concerns in the Brexit negotiations with the hostility of the UK govt to the special concerns of Scotland, which voted decisively in 2016 to remain in the EU 
...and there it is - the ultimate betrayal! : Theresa May's Brexit plan will maroon Britain in EU customs territory 
@JasonJHunter takes down #Brexit b*llshit of leavers like a knight in shining armour. He needs support to fight for us.Donate what you can and RT.  
Johnson led the country into the Brexit disaster purely to make sure he’d be PM. The gamble has failed but if he’s going down he’s determined to take Britain down with him too. A wrecked economy to match his wrecked career. What selfish malevolence.  
DUP Will Block May’s Budget if ‘Red Lines’ Abandoned, Wants Brexit Delivered   
Yes they are the Scottish Government. If they don’t speak for Scotland who does? Ruth Davidson.  Why don’t you question if Teresa May should be negotiating Brexit for the UK. Does she speak for the UK? 
John Major said that a British exit could tear apart the UK. PROJECT FEAR  Gordon Brown said Britain was at serious risk of being permanently paralysed by irreparable divisions PROJECT FEAR Boris Johnson says we've fucked upPROJECT.....oh hang on 
Just in: The Nasdaq has suffered from its biggest one-day drop since the Brexit vote in 2016 — with the S&P 500 on its longest losing streak of Donald Trump's presidency.  
1. Labour conference vote on Brexit is a change from the manifesto 2. How did the majority of Labour voters actually vote in your constituency in the referendum? In the Brexit voting North East in every constituency apart from Redcar a majority of Labour voters voted remain. 
Feels like some MPs want #Brexit at any cost; like insisting a patient has major surgery even if it is far more dangerous & with fewer benefits, just because they signed a consent form 2 years previously without knowing what the operation would involve  
If Theresa May leaves Northern Ireland "languishing in the stifling embrace of the EU... it would have implications not just for Brexit legislation – 50 per cent of which would not have passed w/o DUP support – but also for Budget, welfare reform and other domestic legislation"  
BREAKING DUP Brexit spokesman Sammy Wilson: We will not be bullied into propping up a soft-touch Government which gives in to the EU's demands  via @Telegraph 
It’s really shameful that @sarahwollaston is sat next to a Labour MP who’s making the case for the UK’s biggest democratic mandate being respected.Despite the fact Sarah argued for the EU referendum, for Leave, then Remain, then against a second ref, now for one. Contemptuous.  
To all those who don’t like what I have to say on respecting the referendum result - I hear what you say - but I will stay true to the fantastic Labour manifesto that I and every other Labour MP put to the country last year  
Any pragmatic compromise negotiated by PM will be scuppered by the hard #Brexit zealots, as they have made clear, no majority their Canada+ &  clock ticking down to chaos. Only winner here is Putin 
What do the Tories have to show for being in power in the UK? 2 trillion in debt, heinous policies that cause suicides.Privatising the NHS, councils failing on every level, highest level of illiteracy, worst pensions. Brexit! You should be prosecuted for failing to serve public.  
Just get rid of her. If for no other reason, just think how alarmed Barnier & the EU would be. They know she's three-tenths of the reason why our handling of the Brexit talks have been a disaster. (Robbins is seven-tenths, but he'll go when she does.) Tory MPs--show you're alive.  
Centrists – and EU – admit Corbyn’s Brexit plan was right all along  
The Dow closed down 832 points, the third-worst point decline in history. On a percentage basis, the 3.1% decline was the worst since February 2018. The Nasdaq plunged 4%, its worst day since the Brexit referendum of June 2016.  
There is NO EVIDENCE that #Brexit will be good for us - in fact the evidence shows otherwise, yet we are being asked to put the same blind faith in it that its supporters do. It's not going to happen. We will NOT accept this as the RIGHT thing to do because it ISN'T.#PeoplesVote 
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
If you had a hard time buying stocks this year because you thought the market was running away from you: Well it just came back.  Another nice buying opportunity.  Just like Brexit. 
It would be very fitting if the DUP finally took down @theresa_may & saved Brexit. @sammywilsonmp @ianpaisleymp 
Stop Brexit by, er, voting for Brexit and keeping the Tories in power. Labour right disasterclass incoming.  
5/5 hopefully there is enough support out there to make this happen and together we can STOP BREXIT! 
4/ I now have time available but no idea how I'm going to survive financially to March next year or when we stop Brexit, whichever comes soonest.I'd be really grateful for any help you can offer even if it's just sharing the link below.... 
3/ my anti-Brexit campaigning.... turns out that not everyone is a remainer after all.I've had to make a serious decision to give up work and fight Brexit full time.  We CAN stop it but I do need a little help. 
Ignore the Remoaner bores like Bob Geldof and Co. The democratic Brexit revolt is the most rock’n’roll, punk thing to happen to UK politics in a lifetime, says Mick Hume 
In Scotland 62% voted to remain. The SNP interpret Brexit as Scotland being dragged out of the EU against it's will. In the 2017 general election 63% voted for parties who didn't want Indyref2. So the SNP won't push for Indyref2 against our will. Will they?  
In 2016, you said that Brexit would leave the Irish border "absolutely unchanged". That's what the backstop does. () 
Britain as a colony. This is deranged English nationalism: politically & historically illiterate on every level. #Brexit #BritainisnotaColony 
The majority of people in the UK now want Brexit to just stop - but at least we’ll all take comfort from the pure, unadulterated joy we can expect from the residual Leave supporters when a deal is finally agreed. 
Reaching a #Brexit deal this month? Really??  What about the myriad of neglected issues? 
Bizarre watching . Labour MP @GloriaDePiero saying we should go ahead with Brexit - despite all the lies and the damage it will do - while Tory MP @sarahwollaston is saying we should have #PeoplesVote so that people can have an informed vote. What happened to Opposition? 
Since after two years of negotiations with itself the Conservative party cannot agree what Brexit means, nobody voted for any of this and maybe it’s time to stop the bluster.You should have run with the Remain version for The Telegraph. You might have made Prime Minister.  
Huge, massive thank you to all the Brexiteers & Ukipers.For the indominatable & unflinching efforts to support both Brexit as a whole & our fishing as part of that.A Great & Free country is made by the heart & effort of its people.Big thanks to all fighting for independence  
Guess what? @JasonJHunter is giving up his job to battle Brexit *full time* What a star! And we badly want him on board. So pretty please help him plug the gap in his earnings so he can do it! Help out by chipping in here  
DUP campaigned for Brexit, funded Brexit and voted for Brexit. But sure, can the DUP cope with the consequences of Brexit? Not a bit. 
.@GloriaDePiero insists she is her loyal to her Party but says no to a People's Vote and argues that Brexit should be delivered  
Can’t pass a budget - no problem! Can’t pass a Brexit deal - no problem! Can’t pass anything without the DUP?  
30 Labour MPs looking to possibly vote with Tories on Brexit.Bravo, Labour Remainers. How could I possibly have mocked your massive victory at party conference? Clearly you took back control of the Brexit stance of the party.  
 My @theSNP colleague, @AlynSmith, speaking this week at #SNP18 on how the @Europarl_EN views the #Brexit debate   
James Acaster’s teabag Brexit metaphor is still the original and best from Mock the Week 
No deal should NOT be an option!We should just #StopBrexitAgree?Then please SIGN and RT this petitionSigned already?Then RT it please, even if you have RT'd it before"If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped"SIGN this  
Danny Boyle "has laughed off the idea he might help with Theresa May’s Festival of Brexit Britain" saying he is "European first." #good 
I would urge all brexit MPs and labour to watch this - it’s not one sided - it’s based on facts / interviews with Swiss agents and ends up at the Swiss border . 
Tony Blair is warning that Theresa May's Brexit plan would hurt the UK services sector almost as much as if Britain left the EU without a trade deal at all  
Jacob Rees-Mogg tells Bloomberg he has enough support to defeat Theresa May on Brexit, but is holding fire as talks enter their final phase  
More delay as Barnier shelves plans to circulate draft of #Brexit future relationship doc. Real danger we end up with pig-in -a poke Brexit deal with all difficult issues kicked yet further down the road. Surely Commons won’t vote for that? #FBPE 
"8 of the 10 fastest growing markets for UK exports since 2010 were outside of the #EU, while exports of services to the key non-EU markets of USA, China and Japan have all increased by more than 85% since 2010." #DespiteBrexit #Brexit  
How about not burdening future generations with Brexit ?  
If you’re needing a top up in belief in human kind amongst the rowing over Brexit, north south, rich-poor, red-blue @DIYSOS BBC1 now 
For the first time in history - certainly a first in a democracy - a gov't is deliberately acting against the interests of its people & its future.It's virtually a done deal. There is no sign that Labour will stop Brexit, or Remain MPs will cross the floor General strike? 
Pro-remain Tory MPs will form group to vote down May's Brexit deal  
Boris WE the 17.4m #Brexiteers agree with you but WE NEED ACTION NOT WORDS to get our #Brexit back - so stop telling us what we know DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT BEFORE ITS TOO LATE @BorisJohnson 
When you see Tories fighting over the Brexit they prefer.Two cheeks, same arse. 
Pro-remain Tory MPs will form group to vote down May's Brexit deal  
Previously, the president would appoint 40+ endless number of ministers. The current constitution puts a limit at 22 CSs, but that has not stopped looting at the national level.No need for a yes or no referendum. What is needed is an enough is enough to looting. 
More of the hard reality of Brexit.  
Lord Deben is right. #PeoplesVote is the only democratic way left given these Brexit complications to give informed consent by a better EU aware electorate after a cooling  period to the WA. I'm proud to be an MEP supporter of #C4PV. 
Michel Barnier says a Brexit agreement is within reach, but Nigel Farage warns it’s bad news for those of you already unhappy with Theresa May’s Chequers plan @Nigel_Farage | #Brexit  
Dave Brown on the DUP's fresh blow to the prime minister's Brexit plans – political cartoon gallery in London  
Theresa May can't fool the British public. People know Brexit is an absolute mess - far more complex and expensive than we were told.The people must be given the final say on the deal, and the option to remain. Join our campaign today 
Remember there are ppl on the other side of the world #Africa #Biafrans who have suffered incredibly facing torture, killing on daily basis for demanding the same Referendum Uk demands from EU,your voice counts pls #StopBiafrakillings #SupportBiafraReferendum @realDonaldTrump @VP 
Please do not tell me that I have to respect that disgrace of a referendum.The UK would never have voted to leave if the people had been told the truth.#PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
 "The violence carried out [on referendum day] in Catalonia was the expression of an anti-democratic policy," said Flemish parliament speaker. Read more here . 
Will you ever stop lying Boris Johnson? As @BBCRealityCheck points out, the majority in the 2016 EU Referendum was 1.3 million. The majority in the referendum on joining the EEC in 1975 was  8.9 million.#PeoplesVotePS Where's that extra £350m a week for the NHS? 
EU warns border checks in Irish Sea will increase tenfold after Brexit  
Theresa May’s new Brexit plan is an absolute mess. It basically means we are still in the customs union but operating as a vassal state to the EU.NI having a special single market status on goods? How on earth can this work? In particular, goods transferred between GB & NI? 
'It was a UK referendum' Remainer Soubry SHUT DOWN by DUP MP on second Brexit vote  
Brexit is a right wing nationalists projectSimple aswe need a #PeoplesVote to kill it fast before it ruins the UK. 
Oh dear...A pro-#brexit business that donated large sums to #Leave Campaigncannot pay its tax of £1.14m !- despite £11m pre-tax profits ?- on a group revenue in the half-year to 31 March of £60.5mNow has a "black hole" of £20m ???Darren?Arlene? 
BBC News - DUP 'could vote against the Budget' over Brexit deal  So, everyone is playing hardball - Barnier yet again today - except the British government. The story of the entire negotiation, despite all the ammunition at our disposal. 
Anna Soubry..2011.. declares she doesn't want people to have a say on EU membership.2015... stands on a manifesto that promises one2016... campaigns on losing side2017.. declares she never wants another referendum again ever2018... wants another referendum! 
When you 'won' your referendum you ran like a rat escaping a sinking ship. 2 years on you & your cronies are still arguing about what the so called will of the people means. As none of you seem to be able to figure that out it's time to ask the people #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain 
This is an important, and very insightful interview by Hitchens on #Brexit #Trump and the prospects for the next generation... 
Tomorrow's @Independent cartoon... #DUP #ArleneFoster #TheresaMay #Brexit  
Ted Heath told UK we would keep our democracy, sovereignty and freedoms.  He lied.  Read about  FCO article  30/1048.  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson  #Brexit  
If May fails to get Parliamentary support for her chequers proposal she should RESIGN and make way for a new leader who believes in Brexit....  
Simon Fraser - My position... #Brexit would result in an increase in bureaucracy & more civil servants/service... has stood the test of time rather better than Dominic Raab's position. #PeoplesVote #FBPE @SimonFraser00 
'What we've got in parliament is stalemate - we have to go back to the people' Watch @mdbuckley on Labour, Parliament and the need for a a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. #StopToryBrexit 
‘After #Brexit you might think that people in Mansfield wouldn’t be kind to refugees but the neighbours couldn’t be more supportive’Hearing about the wonderful efforts to welcome Syrian Refugees to Mansfield at @MaunValleyCitz assembly #RefugeesWelcome 
Current government policy: There will be no second referendum* (*because we’ll be remaining in the EU in all but name anyway). This is why people despise politicians and don’t bother voting. 
Still reeling from that poll about leavers saying Northern Irish lives are worth losing all for an English Nationalist Brexit. Here's a reminder of what the #GFA ended. 
May defaults to her real position as leader of the Remain and Fake Brexit Party.She was speaking to Labour members of that party earlier this week.  
#Brexit must be investigated. We know there was fraud. There is likely a lot more. What did serving & past government ministers know & do?What did Russia do? Who did they fund? What did they do directly on social media?Just how corrupt was the leave campaign?#PeoplesVote 
Dogs never let you down & we should not let them suffer because of Brexit #WooferendumMarch @wooferendum @PeterEgan6 
The #REMAINARETTES say for *U*K's sake stop #Brexit its not a done deal #PeoplesVote 
My son's poem in #Brexit was read at the @EUparliament tonight as part of the @InLimboBrexit event. A very emotional moment. 
Unfortunately, it's not just the Tories. Corbyn also wants Brexit so Labour are also responsible for this mess. It feels like the end of an era waiting for a flight off this f***ing island. 
No way will we accept anything but the Brexit we were told by govt we would get if we voted #LeaveNo single market & no customs union#Brexit  
Milton Keynes (or "tent city") has one of the highest rates of homelessness in the UK; 1 in every 110 people are homeless.Please, @jeremycorbyn, do explain how destroying our economy with Brexit will generate the money to help these people?  #WorldHomelessDay2018 
It's looking like a Hard Brexit with a CU agreement and Labour's blessing.This has nothing to do with delivering Brexit for the people.It has everything to do with some very rich people avoiding EU tax regulations.  
Bank of England warns EU over Brexit risk to financial stability  Worried about the impact of Brexit? Help us fight to get a #PeoplesVote: 
Anna Soubry shrieks like a harpy about the welfare of her constituents after we #Brexit but fails to understand how much worse off they would be had we voted to remain in the #EU & she knows this too, she is an enemy of her constituents & a liar. #TheBattleForBritain 7/12 
These naïve & often corrupt deceivers are more concerned about superficial virtue-signalling whilst at the same time being given money by the #EU to try deliberately to undermine the referendum result. #TheBattleForBritain 4/12 
Hearing truly heartbreaking #Brexit testimonies from EU & UK citizens at the @InLimboBrexit event — people feel a sense of abandonment and that they have lost their voice #BrexitIsPersonal 
Barnier's speech today illustrates why no one will be happy with the final deal because, well, Brexit means *cough* Brexit. UK outside EU means:- checks where they don't currently exist.- more admin to cross borders- new barriers to movement. 1/5 
#Brexit what the real #EU is all about and why we should all be grateful when the entire rotting edifice comes crashing down, #TheBattleForBritain is also the battle for the very heart and soul of Europe itself. Thread 1/12 
Yet another thing they hadn’t thought about! #Brexit also means British firms losing rights to supply U.S. public procurement via @bpolitics 
How true from @MichelBarnier tonight : “Brexit brings no added value. This is a negative negotiation. It is a lose, lose game where nobody stands to win.” 
What are you going to do Boris?It's time for leave MPs to make a move & take concrete action. Talk is not enough. Mrs May and her supporters are not listening & are carrying on with Chequers regardless. Soft Brexit? All Tories + yourself will be blamed. 
From a Scottish farmer to Philip Pullman to a boxing coach to my dear friend @nataschaandsons, people speak up in preparation for #PeoplesVoteMarch against Brexit on October 20. So much parallel relevance to Trumplandia. Watch, then march:  
Trump’s ex political strategist says the midterms will be a referendum on Trump, and Rs can still hang on to a slender House majority with the GOP base energized by the bitter confirmation fight over Kavanaugh.  
Sorry, but that is incorrect. The idea that it 'was never sold as a political union' is a myth. You merely have to read campaign literature from the 1975 referendum to see. 
British exports to EU to be 'cut in half' by hard Brexit warns German think tank 
It is with deep regret & sadness, that I stand here, in the fading light of a once Empire, to announce my official reasons for accepting the posting of becoming Angela Merkels Cat.Sad to leave my colleagues behind, but excited about the future ahead for me & my family.#Brexit  
The standard attitude of Brexiters towards Remainers in politics, the media and on social media has been arrogant, abusive, intolerant and bullying. We won't forget, and if they force #Brexit through without a #PeoplesVote, we won't forgive.#StopBrexit 
Australia wants Britain to strike a trade deal with them after Brexit. But if we don't leave the customs union, we won't be able to.  
Listening to testimonies of EU citizens caught In Limbo by #brexitDominic Raab, if he had any decency, should be listening, meeting the folks affected  and facing up to the urgent need to protect the rights of 5m people @BritishInEurope @The3Million @MollyMEP @SebDance 
We don't have to settle for a broken brittle Britain after Brexit. Why don't we build a New Wales instead? Join Plaid Cymru today FOR FREE.   
Have you spotted this trick?  Politicians using "People are tired of Brexit" as an excuse to say "So we must just get on with it."  It's a trick to stop us thinking "People are tired of Brexit -- so let's just bin the bloody thing and move on." 
George Galloway - "You can’t keep running referenda until you get the result that you want."This referendum in 2014 was supposed to be a once in a lifetime, that's what the organisers of it and the #SNP aid repeatedly. But, a life turned out to be only a couple of years." 
The political climate after the referendum was not that of a democracy, it was that of a country taken over by the ideology of populist dictatorship. Free speech against #Brexit was largely silenced, not by violence but by politicians and media.Take back democracy - #PeoplesVote 
Biggest majority  in history was the 1975 EEC Referendum.  Over 8 million majority!67%  YES! 
European unity won mass support to stop more wars, and secure peace and prosperity. But biggest capitalists made unity = profit at others’ expense. People betrayed is what threatens unity: Brexit, Italy, etc, not immigration or Russia. 
The statutory instruments in the Brexit legislation apparently allow  ministers to make new laws as required, without putting them through Parliament.What these laws might be hardly bears thinking about. Which is why we must protest Brexit NOW - while protesting is still legal. 
It’s important that we gather to share testimonies of the human cost of BrexitI’m pleased and proud to host with ⁦@SebDance⁩ the #InLimbo project in the European Parliament⁦@InLimboBrexit⁩ 
Another quiet day on the Brexit front:DUP threaten to vote down Budget No10 insists that wouldn't be a resignation matter Michel Barnier says Irish Sea checks will increase ten-fold Boris Johnson repeats call to #ChuckChequers  
Kenya is perceived as one of the world’s most corrupt countries. It ranked 143 out of 180 countries on Transparency International’s 2017 corruption perception index. This is our biggest issue that needs to be addressed and NOT a referendum that is meant to satiate some people. 
Why are only select Cabinet getting this Brexit update tomorrow, outside formal Cabinet Government structures? Is it that the PM cannot command a majority on the Brexit Negotiations sub-Committee for whatever is being cooked up???  
Our IT is basically broken - however, there will OF COURSE, be @bbcnews at 6 - apologies in advance if it ends up being me talking about Brexit for half an hour 
DUP MP Sammy Wilson - "The majority of people in NI have consistently voted to remain in the UK and the kind of deal we’re asking for at the moment will move us from the UK."It was not a NI referendum, it was a UK referendum and the people of the UK voted to leave the EU."  
Andy Davey on Jacob Rees Mogg’s continued criticism of Theresa May over Brexit – political cartoon gallery in London  
Now I don't really care about brexit.. Nor do I really understand it all... Or try not to judge those who voted in or out.. . But when I see a brexit voting farmer retweeting the the fact that farm subs must continue.. I do actually think wanker 
Who knew "taking back control" would feel so good? Those "sunlit uplands" just keep getting sunnier.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
UK wide “temporary customs arrangement” has been HMG’s published official policy since the summer. Despite severe case of Brexit Comprehension Delay, Johnson right about “trap” effect of backstop. It means permanent NI divergence from UK or permanent UK alignment with EU  
McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  
DUP threatens to vote against Budget if Gvt crosses their #Brexit red lines. TM’s grubby deal with them means they can and will hold her to ransom. A hamstrung PM in a hamstrung Gvt 
Michel Barnier saying a #Brexit deal's within sight. DUP threatening to vote down the budget. Special cabinet meeting tomorrow afternoon.  Boris Johnson stirring for all he's worth. So WHERE'S JEREMY CORBYN?#PeoplesVote#OptionToRemain 
'School uniform VAT law cannot change because of EU law', Minister Nick Gibb saysGovt could exempt all school uniforms by agreement with EU27 now; revised VAT regime soon to be agreed will allow much greater national flexibilityMore Brexit nonsense 
‘Mass slaughter in the case of a no-deal Brexit under plans being discussed by Whitehall’What would they do with them? Where would they slaughter them? On the M20 in front of the queue? Last time was foot & mouth emergency in 2001 - now self-inflicted 
"A no-deal Brexit will bring so much uncertainty and red tape that the UK’s life sciences industry could seriously suffer immediately after March 29th next year." 
Brexit Irony No.732Many saw Brexit as a way of restoring national pride in Great Britain, but what they've done is give younger generations a version of the UK that they voted against.That means that Long-term, we would be less proud of our country if Brexit went ahead. 
Theresa May is right about the importance of defending trade and enterprise as engines of prosperity. What is galling is that she continues to push a Brexit plan that is the antithesis to the formation of a global, free-trading Britain!@AlexanderHammo  
Brexit reminds me of the dot com bubble. Everyone knows it’s bollocks but people keep buying into it. It, too, will burst because it has to. 
“I make no excuses for being against #Brexit. It may go down as the worst self-inflicted political wounds in history.” @HillaryClinton #LoveQUBGrad 
"Brexit should not be allowed to undermine the peace and progress so hard won here in NI."@HillaryClinton at @QUBelfast 
It’s crucial that however it comes out, Brexit should not be allowed to undermine the peace and prosperity that has been so dearly won here. 
Hi @michaelgove The British public is rather confused by your Brexit position Please encourage the Prime Minister to #ChuckChequers and #StandUp4Brexit, so that she can deliver the true Brexit, as promised at Lancaster House and in our manifesto  
Arriving in Brussels after a busy few days at #SNP18 @CommonsEUexit & #PMQs. Excited to be attending @FriendsofEurope roundtable where I will be explaining Scotland wishes to be part of the #EU future #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #Brexit #StateofEU #EuropeMatters 
What's the bigger BETRAYAL? Breaking a promise to implement the results of a legally corrupt advisory referendum based on lies? ORBreaking an oath you took to PROTECT the country you are PAID to protect by knowingly leading it into economic crisis? #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
"There must be checks on goods travelling between EU and UK... but we have agreed they cannot be performed at the border between Ireland and NI" - EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier says #Brexit "agreement is within reach" 
Biggest majority in our history? The majority in the EU Referendum was 1.3 million. Majority in the referendum on joining the EEC in 1975 was 8.9 million. 
Former US vice president Joe Biden has said Brexit is an "intractable" problem which threatens to undermine America's role as a major player in Europe's security  
NEW European Union rules are stopping the Government from axing VAT from all school uniforms, Schools minister @NickGibbUK says. Currently VAT exemption only applies up to 14 year olds. Older children pay VAT. @frankfieldteam now planning to amend Budget for post-Brexit change. 
Boris Johnson on the rampage on twitter 20 mins ago about brexit deal over Northern Ireland. Rumours that MP's being recalled to number 10. Looks like the leadership contest is about to happen! #Brexit #Scotref #Indyref2 
Well, @JoeBiden gets what Brexit means to the US, which is why Putin targeted Brexit as well as Trump:  
That’s because the #TakeBackControl bullshit you sold to 17.4m of your compatriots doesn’t work with Good Friday Agreement / Irish border. You are either too stupid to understand that, chose to ignore it during the referendum campaign or you purposely lied. Which was it, Johnson?  
Ken Clarke says a Brexit deal needs the backing of pro-European Tories and a "significant number” of Labour MPs, but Theresa May says she hopes "everybody across this whole house will put the national interest first".  
Boris Johnson says keeping close ties to the EU after Brexit would turn the UK into a “colony.” Here’s what he said before the referendum:  
Farcical. Your extreme Brexit vision is based upon being complicit in the perversion of democracy and the breaking of law. You tried to cover up criminal acts. No amount of gerrymandering or saviourism will save your brand, now. You are nothing but a liar and a cheat. Goodbye. 
I was actually WARNED the night of the referendum.WE ARE NOT LEAVING THE EU, THERE WAS NEVER ANY  INTENTION OF TAKING US OUT.THE APPOINTMENT OF OILY ROBBINS & CONTINUED RETENTION OF CARNEY GAVE THE GAME AWAY.BETRAYED BY THE TORIES AGAIN  
Just listened to the Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma who can’t understand why the UK is even mooting the Chequers proposal and giving up the biggest prize of Brexit.The Government’s handling of these talks will go down in history as a textbook example of ‘How Not to Negotiate’. 
Former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has warned the Government's "backstop" Brexit proposals for Northern Ireland would make the UK "a permanent EU colony" 
Further reports that up to 30 Labour MPs are ready to vote for May's Brexit dealThis will be the biggest betrayal in the Labour Party since Ramsey McDonald in 1931 
I put a ‘bollocks to Brexit sign’ on top of my London headquarters. I won’t be taking it down |@PimlicoPlumbers 
This is true for all areas of biomedical research in the UK. You can either end free movement or have world-leading research, but you can't have both. #Brexit  
Lidington, Hunt, Hammond, Javid, Gove, Williamson, Karen Bradley, Greg Clark + Geoffrey Cox summoned for emergency Brexit 'inner cabinet' tomorrow. sounds a bit ominous...  
WATCH: Remain hero Ken Clarke tells hardliners ‘you’re the minority’  /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Meanwhile, Barnier says checks on animals/animal product exports will have to increase 10-fold between NI and Britain after Brexit. 
It is very clear that a majority of Britons now oppose #Brexit. In what possible way could it be democratic to force through such a massive change against the will of the majority? The damage that would do to our democracy could well be irreparable. There must be a #PeoplesVote. 
This is far from #TakeBackControl. In the referendum both sides said Leave meant leaving the customs union & single market. Yet this backstop inevitably means chequers, staying in both, no say in either, and no right to escape. No10 must #ChuckChequers now 4/4 
Ok, so how the helll do us mere mortals stop it???? What can the Brexiteers MPs do??This is our country! @theresa_may is acting like a deranged dictator... #brexit #Chequers #backstop #DUP 
Great piece by @IanDunt about current Brexit state of play.Except for the bit about ice hockey. Ice hockey is awesome. 
The DUP threatens to vote down the Tory budget on 29 October if the Northern Ireland party's red lines on Brexit are breached.At least one group of MPs is sticking to its principles and the democratic verdict of the people of the UK as a whole.  
It’s interesting to see the EU unite on the “Brexit is a lose-lose” message. Absolutely none of the fractures the Brexiteers and media predicted. They really are quite brilliant at unity. 
The DUP threat to vote down the budget, if they don't get what they want. Again proves that the game is up for May.A fully functioning democracy doesn't work, if a party that represents just 00.5% of the UK, can dictate terms of #Brexit#GeneralElectionNow@paulmasonnews #Pmqs 
To those who voted for Brexit the time has come to accept the fact that each and every one of us has been conned. May has left us in a situation where we are weaker than when we were in the EU and worse, during the negotiating time has drawn the teeth of our military. 
Though clearly this is seen v differently by the DUP - that it is constitutionally unacceptable that de facto Barnier is saying that NI would not be a part of the new UK Government trade deals to be negotiated post Brexit - ie GB only trade independence 
Here in Brixham where Sarah Wollaston is MP. Spoken to several residents about her call for a second referendum. It seems many want a another vote, not on Brexit, but on Wollaston for betraying their trust...  
BREAKING: EU says #Brexit means new controls on trade to N. Ireland  
Final Brexit divorce deal could be reached by next Wednesday - EU  
No. #Brexit is 100% the responsibility of the British Government. This Government chose to #Leave - The EU have set out the choices available. There are literally 100's of legal agreements both with the #EU27 & globally that cannot be broken for the sake of UK demands. #finalsay 
Looks like McCarthy wants that speaker job.#BuildTheWall#MAGA#VoteRedToSaveAmerica#WWG1WGAExclusive — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via @BreitbartNews 
If you have been enjoying 'Brexit: the negotiations', why not try 'Brexit: the future partnership talks', the inevitable sequel, but three times as long as the original.  
This  is what the Tory #HardBrexit idiots were saying at the time of the referendum...Now the same people shout 'Brexit betrayal, will of the people, we knew what we were voting for' to gaslight the nation into going off a #NoDeal cliff... Amazing they get away with it! 
They're openly taking the piss out of the pathetic @theresa_may and who can blame them? They've wiped the floor with her! #Britain deserves a leader who believes in the opportunities of #Brexit, not an appeasing #Remainer desperate for the status quo! 
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says a Brexit deal with the UK is within reach by next Wednesday 
1. While saying that most of withdrawal agreement is indeed done, Barnier is now giving a pretty detailed account of why EU won't accept Chequers - this is turning into a rather difficult day for PM's Brexit strategy 
Michel Barnier reminding us that at age 21 he voted yes in a French referendum to allow UK, Ireland and Denmark to join the European Economic Community.Brexit is a "pity, a shame.. it's better that we are together". 
The state of Brexit.  
Brexit is a “lose-lose situation” that may lead to major UK-based companies moving to the Netherlands  
.@asabenn: 'May is hoping the thick word soup around post-Brexit customs will make it impossible for voters to notice her crossing the red line'  
When the dust settles on Brexit, the history books will show that Tory ideology has damaged the lives of millions. Join the @peoplesvote_uk on Saturday 20th October.| Reject Brexit | Reform Politics | Renew Britain | #RenewParty | 
Which #Brexit option is your preference?#StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeaveRETWEET for large sample 
Barnier on expanding checks btw NI and GB - ‘I understand those checks are politically sensitive but Brexit was UK’s choice’  .... peace and harmony 
We are pleased to announce that @ScotGovFM @NicolaSturgeon will give a keynote address on Brexit at the RSA on Monday 15 October, 11.30am. Free tickets are available now or the event will be streamed live on @RSAEvents YouTube & Facebook pages. #RSABrexit 
Great to be out in with @thomasbrake on Eccellsall Rd Sheffield, campaigning for @peoplesvote_uk on the final Brexit deal, lots of support from local shoppers on having a final say. Time for the Government to listen #ExitFromBrexit 
During my recent travels in the troubled land of Gammonia I came across a new species, the Lemming Leaver. These are Brexiters astute enough to realise that Brexit spells economic disaster but want to leave anyway because of the vote and to save face. NB Never follow a lemming. 
Judging by the flood of comments on the @NottPeoplesVote Twitter and Facebook pages, there is a concerted effort by russian bots to put people off the #PeoplesVoteMarch Next week's march is not about brexit but saving our very democracy.#PeoplesVote 
Barnier on the Irish backstop: “There will be administrative procedures for goods travelling from the UK to Northern Ireland which do not exist today. I understand this is politically sensitive, but Brexit is not our [the EU’s] choice” 
Sore losers at @peoplesvote_uk are recruiting irrelevant lefty celebs to preach at Brits about Brexit. But new YouGov polling shows that most Brits don't care what clueless celebs think - it's a luvvie echo chamber!Support us at  
"If you don’t give them a chance to plan ahead & solve the problem you put them in a very difficult position."Chief auditor says business leaders are unable to plan properly for potentially huge disruption from Brexit because of excessive govt secrecy  
- Baa- Oh, nothing- Baa baa- The newspaper? Yeah, yeah, I'm just reading the ... eh ... sports section- Baa?- It's about Jose Mourinho. He's the manager of Arsenal or something- BAA!- Oh ok, they're going to kill you all before you get to the boat because of Brexit- .....  
Proud to be amongst these signatories. 164 LGBTI activists sign letter demanding a People's Vote on Brexit  via @gaystarnews 
Humphrys a Brexit fan boy and Brexiteers can’t accept #climatechange as it has to be dealt with internationally. 
Theresa May's Brexit plan will maroon Britain in EU customs territory  via @Telegraph 
To my friends the REMAINAGETTES because some things are too wrong not to accept #Brexit  
Would you be up for a Red on Red debate on Brexit? I’m head of @labourleave and I think a discussion would be stimulating. Happy to organise? 
I've spent quite a lot of my life being wrong and I hope I am wrong now but I have a horrible feeling that brexit and much else has been eye candy, diverting our attention from an impending take over of this country by God knows who. Any time now - it's fight or flight. 
Minister for War with Prime Minister for War. As #Brexit sold to public this pair are helping stitch together EU military unification which absolutely includes the UK, our defence industries, R&D and our money. Under May we will 'leave' the EU whilst leaving our military behind.  
A little bit about how DEFRA isn't ready for Brexit from my speech on the Agriculture Bill today  
49% of Germans don’t want to make big concessions in Brexit negotiations, and 32% don’t want to make any. Brexit may be a national obsession in Britain, but a lot of other Europeans are simply fed up with all the whining, cherry-picking and lies 
Nobody’s agreeing apart from those equally struggling with reality. If Labour is complicit in Brexit, having at no time had the power to stop it or change the current situation, then everyone is complicit. You, me, everyone with no power to do anything is complicit. Bonkers. 
"I didn't vote for Brexit because I didn't know what I was voting for."TOWIE's Tommy Mallet thinks the voting age should be lowered to 16 - but reveals he doesn't vote himself.@tommy_mallet | @TheJeremyVine | @missjanetellis | #jeremyvine 
Why has she not been replaced or pulled into line?Conservative MPs are "talking a lot" about standing up for #Brexit yet apparently unable to get the #ChequersPlan nonsense thrown out.No-one else can fix this. Get it sorted, guys. The UK deserves better. 
The one good thing about Brexit? Leaving the EU’s disgraceful farming system | George Monbiot  
Yet again it's the DUP who stands up to fight for Brexit in the face of May's betrayal. They backed Brexit in 2016 and they're still battling for it now. It's time to chuck Chequers - the DUP isn't playing around!Support us at  
BBC News - PMQs: Cherry and May on Polish and EU citizens after Brexit  
.@theresa_may said in #PMQs  she has duty to deliver #brexit.Maybe for UKIP & ERG.But she utterly ignores:-16.1m that voted #remain-1m @BritishInEurope-@The3Million EU citizens-1.5m of @generation_vote - millions that still want  @EFTA4UK-approx 3m #remainernow 
As predicted the DUP will not stand by and let the #ChequersBetrayal go through It’s time for No.10 to #StandUp4Brexit and pivot to #SuperCanada to deliver the Brexit the British public voted for  
Time has come for the @Conservatives to decide whether they back the result of the EU referendum or back Theresa May's sellout plan.They say Brexit drives us over a cliff, and yet they are driving us into a bog, drowning Britain's future in EU sludge for a generation or more.  
NO rape clause NO burning baby boxes NO more austerity NO mp's calling each other arseholes and demanding a hard brexit NO windrush allegations NO starving terminal cancer patients if they wont work for benefits THAT'S YOU GUYS  
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  
Official visit to #Ireland, discussing #Brexit & #EU 27 future w/ Tánaiste @simoncoveney. A deal on IE/UK border remains the primary issue – visited Ravensdale crossing to see the impact a hard border might have. @dfatirl 
Here is my @BBCNews story on how DUP will vote against Budget if @theresa_may breaches their #Brexit red lines at EU summit next week  
2018 will be a referendum on whether America, now the economic envy of the world, will decide to suddenly collectively go insane and become Venezuela. 
Came across an Aldous Huxley quote that I was moved to tweet out - & in looking it up to check it, came across some more, that I think randomly would help understand #brexit so far.   Thread.#Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #FBPE 
This is brilliant. People from all walks of life who recognise that we need a People’s Vote to rescue us from the Brexit shambles.  
Remoaners must be pleased. A new multi-billion plan to develop 23 acres of land into offices, shops, housing and buildings for hi-tech jobs to meet post-Brexit needs has been announced in London's Canary Wharf. Named Wood Wharf for 2023 tenants have already signed. 
New poll shows that 60% of Scottish voters support @theSNP proposal to extend negotiations with the EU to avoid a No Deal Brexit. SNP, Labour and Tories all agreed - only 27% of Scots opposed. 
Really, really reaching. Have a bit of respect for yourselves and your licence payers and own your mistake - a total lack of balance during the crucial period before during and after the referendum that will change the course of UK history  
Is your article really about #populism or is it about- opposition to immigration --> xenophobia/nativism- undemocratic behavior --> autocracy/authoritarianism- parties like FPÖ, PVV, VB --> radical right- support for Brexit/Trump --> radicalization of mainstream right 
Demand the #FinalSay on Brexit - march with The Independent and @peoplesvote_uk next Saturday in London 
Here’s your quick guide to all 7 summits next week.Tuesday pm - #TripartiteSocialSummitWednesday pm - #Brexit EUCOThursday am - #EUCOThursday lunch - #EuroSummit Thursday pm - #ASEM12Friday am - #ASEM12 contFriday pm - #EUKoreaSummitFriday pm - #EUASEAN 
Across the country we've been showing how #Brexit is more of a dog's dinner than the success we were promised. Join our #PeoplesVoteMarch October 20 to demand a #PeoplesVote:  
It is hard to overstate the scale of preparation needed for no deal/hard Brexit. Consider preparations for the London Olympics took over 10 years. Leaving the EU is a much bigger project, yet the Tories have wasted a tight 2-year window arguing between themselves (TD office).  
Losing a budget vote is usually seen as a vote of no confidence. If the DUP vote the budget down over Brexit, May is in serious trouble. Having to cater to the DUP, ERG and Remainers is impossible and May has chosen to not confront that reality. Inevitable explosion pending. 
Fairer deal for farmers in the supply chain, support for domestic food production and maintaining UK food standards in #Brexit trade deals. Some of the NFU's 'asks' for the #AgricultureBill 
This #AgricultureBill does not prepare the industry for #Brexit & does not protect our farming industry. And with the risk of food shortages I think the gov better think again, & have a #PeoplesVote on the deal 
We cannot have a referendum unless we sort the issue of corruption that steals over 700B annually!  
Within weeks EU banks face giant Brexit bill over £41tn of derivatives contracts. (My latest for Reaction @reactionlife) 
The only way Northern Ireland can be separated from the UK is if HMG calls a referendum on unifying with Ireland, which would also have to hold a referendum - and a majority of people in both jurisdictions vote for that.Maybe if the DUP had not opposed GFA they would know this.  
Thanks to @Dr_PhilippaW for supporting #seaofopportunity #brexit, one of many @theSNP MPs here for our cross party lobby today in Westminster 
Lots of talk of various groups' "red lines" today. Here's my red line: I will never vote for a party that didn't actively oppose #Brexit and didn't campaign for #PeoplesVote. Simples. 
Is the Mandate for #Indyref2 strong enough to call the Referendum in the term of this parliament or does it need further ratified at 2021 Holyrood elections? 
The reason that 17m people did not - and many still do not - beleive the predictions of the effects of Brexit is because for generations politions have directly lied to the electorate and we've just stuck them on Have I Got News For You 
Minister sees 5,000 City jobs going by Brexit day  
I don´t want a war civil or otherwise but if the only way we can get a government with more than a combined I.Q. of 50 then it seems this is the only way to go. They are now openly contemptuous of the pèople & what we think no longer matters. Take brexit for instance. . . . .! 
Speaking at important meeting of the Brexit Steering Group. Crucial to achieve continued freedom of movement for UKinEU & indefinite right to return for EUinUK & Independent Monitoring Authority. @The3Million @BritishInEurope @EP_Justice 
Grateful to the amazing people at @The3Million @BritishInEurope for visiting @Europarl_EN to talk to MEPs on the need to *ringfence* citizens’ rights.Whatever happens in Brexit talks, Brits in EU27 and EU27 in UK must not see their rights eroded and lives upended.  
When @David_Cameron called his genius referendum to heal the @Conservatives, I wonder if he envisaged that, two years later, his party, and our country, would be held hostage by a bunch of religious nutters, despite the Tories having already given them a £1.5bn bung of our money? 
If true, this could mean that Patisserie Valerie went from a £16m profit in the year to Sep. 2016 to NO PROFIT AT ALL in the following year - or, to put it bluntly, SINCE THE REFERENDUM. It boss was a prominent LEAVE campaigner. Bummer. 
What lies?  The only lies in the campaign were from Remain.  We had the people's vote on the 23rd of June 2016.  My parents and those that voted in the EEC referendum were lied to to vote Yes.  2016 was their chance to correct the mistake of voting Yes then!!!! 
#brexit endgame is simple:UK can lower taxes & standards outside EU marketOrIt can have smooth access to EU with similar standardsWhat it cannot do is be a low regulatory parasitic tax haven with frictionless access to EU.UKs choice. 
New poll: 60% of Scots support SNP proposal to extend negotiating period to avoid a No Deal Brexit - and only 27% opposed.SNP, Labour and Tory voters all agree. 
This is John Gummer, former environment minister. He is clear that the original EU referendum is riddled with cheating, fraud and Russian interference. This is why we need a #PeoplesVote Strong stuff! 
 JOB ALERT There are just 2 days left to apply to become @GreenJeanMEP's Media and Projects Officer in London.If you want to join our super team working to fight Brexit, defend human rights & protect the environment, apply by midnight on Friday! 
Don’t believe Theresa May when she says that austerity is over. The OBR estimate tax hikes & spending cuts of £39 billion extra every decade for the next 50 years to prevent ballooning national debt levels. And that’s before Brexit is factored.#PMQs 
Portsmouth MP Penny Mordaunt refuses to openly back PM’s Chequers Brexit plan  
Another PMQs and not a single question on Brexit from @jeremycorbyn.  He is a waste of space in his current role and he is long due replacement as Opposition Leader for someone who will actually hold the government to account on what is the biggest strategic issue of the day. 
Please help ⁦@JasonJHunter⁩ continue his fight to bring about the end of this catastrophic Brexit. Every little helps so please Retweet ⁦@GaryLineker⁩ ⁦@davidschneider⁩ ⁦@DeborahMeaden⁩ ⁦@terrychristian⁩ ⁦@jk_rowling⁩ 
To put this in context NI voted:55.8% Remain44.2% LeaveIn actual votes:440,437 Remain349,442 Leave87% of those Leavers now say they're willing to end the peace process to get their Brexit.That's 304,014 people or around 24% of the current electorate  
If the DUP get to change their minds on their confidence and supply deal now that the facts are known, we should get the chance to change our minds on Brexit at the end of the process. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
WHO out there would like to SEE the law changed.I call for a referendum, so that it WILL be.Making TAX AVOIDANCE COMPLETELY ILLEGAL,  punishment by imprisonment. 
Not you, British young people. You can forget Interrailing across Europe - discovering our continent and expanding your horizons.You’ll be lucky if you can afford the bus fare into town to sign on after Brexit.  
If ever there was a more clear reason for the people of Totnes to de-select slippery @sarahwollaston see below - she has betrayed her constituents and lied to her voters - the Tory manifesto she was elected on supported Brexit NOT a 2nd referendum @TheBlueWaveUK #chucksarah 
The British public is rather confused by your Brexit position, @BrandonLewis We ask you to encourage the Prime Minister to #ChuckChequers and #StandUp4Brexit, so that she can deliver the true Brexit, as promised at Lancaster House and in our manifesto  
Consequence of breach of DUP ‘nuclear’ red line on #Brexit has been: abandon confidence and supply arrangement with @theresa_may even if that ends up installing @jeremycorbyn in Downing Street 
How others see usBrexit is embarrassing — for the Brits  
Theresa May has just said in #PMQs she wants the UK to get a fairer share of quotas after Brexit!!! what a load of nonsense we should kick out all EU boats & only let UK boats fish our waters. Clear indication from May she wants to let EU boats keep fishing UK waters post Brexit 
More on @skynews shortly. I’m told by a source that if May breaches their red lines “she may not be the leader to take us through Brexit”  
DUP 'prepared to vote against Budget' if Brexit red lines breached  
Senior DUP sources fear No 10 may agree to some form of regulatory checks between Northern Ireland and Great Britain to secure a #Brexit deal. DUP source: If PM doesn’t take our concerns on board, we will take the view she is not the leader to take us through to a safe Brexit 
BREAKING The DUP is planning to vote down this month’s Budget if Theresa May breaches the party’s red lines on Brexit, Sky News understands 
Interesting from May at PMQs, "all MPs have a duty to act in the national interest" but then followed up immediately with "and respect the decision to leave." YOU CANNOT RESPECT SOMETHING ILLEGALLY PROCURED, does anyone respect Lance Armstrong, Ben Johnson or Richard Nixon? 
Robert really enjoying your dissemination of this whole Brexit mess, such a shame your former employers at the BBC don’t see fit to analyse or question the Tories about their truly horrendous take on the situation. 
I'd like to feel sorry for Patisserie Valerie, but they backed Brexit. So I can't. Sorry Valerie you made your brexit bed. Lie in the shit 
They have categorically not got ‘this negotiation right’. They *are* risking our futures with their corrupt and botched Brexit. Don’t be complicit @UKLabour It doesn’t have to be their deal or no deal.#PeoplesVote because it’s our lives they’re messing with. 
...has the capacity to deconstruct quasi religious texts to prove they represent a conspiracy by a malign Brussels to subjugate Albion, it is of course the European Research Group of Tory Brexiters. Theresa May’s battle for a Brexit made in her own image is only just beginning. 
Have you read @broadbent’s latest report on proportional representation (PR) and BC’s upcoming electoral reform referendum? @ChukaEjeckam kindly catches you up to speed on what you need to know about this historic vote. 
Ken Clarke asks PM to acknowledge Parliamentary maths to deliver a Brexit compromise that unites moderates in the Conservatives and Labour..PM says she hopes “when I come back with a deal” all MPs have a duty to act “in national interests” and respect the decision to leave. 
Fabulous question from Ken Clarke pointing out pro-European Tory MPs and Lab MPs have the majority May needs for Brexit #PMQs 
Evergreen Brexit tweet klaxon.  
Brexit is the backstop; the backstop is #Brexit. After 3 days in Belfast, talking to all sides, here's what I've learned - on the business and the politics of this deal. And its viability.1/Thread 
The NHS is suffering from a staffing crisis and the local hospital in Barnet is no different. Locals are worried that Brexit will turn this crisis to catastrophe, as vital European health workers are no longer coming to work here. Worried too? Share this video with your friends  
And when #Brexit fails to deliver the promised goods, then millions more will lose faith in democracy. They will feel duped and lied to by those they thought they could trust. They will cease to trust politicians or democracy. The road to dictatorship will be open. 
Inside @Independent today - a scary reality for the NHS. When you have to start relying on volunteers to work for the NHS, you know something has gone wrong. #Brexit threatens the #NHS critically. It’s time to stand up and say this mess has got too much. #PeoplesVote 
7 days to go until an EU summit to decide the shape of Brexit, and still no sign of a deal. 6 questions from Jeremy Corbyn in #PMQs, and he didn’t mention Brexit once. Has he as much to hide as the PM? 
Spot on. It would be totally wrong for any MP to vote in favour of a Brexit deal they know will hurt the economy and the future life chances of their constituents, purely out of fear of no deal. There is a perfectly viable - and much more democratic - alternative: a People's Vote  
great to see @RachelReevesMP that when it comes to #Brexit important to give #PeoplesVote as an option to the people, cannot be between "no deal" and a "bad deal" @peoplesvote_uk 
May promised to “end austerity” in order to link the acceptance of the Chequers deal to a “Brexit dividend”/spending uplift. Idea is to put max pressure on her backbenchers when she returns with a deal. But she’s also given Corbyn a very handy stick to beat her with. #PMQs 
LISTEN: @RachelReevesMP on @BBCr4today makes clear #Brexit is not a choice between a bad deal and no deal - we need a #PeoplesVote to give the public a vote on any #Brexit deal  
15 minutes into #PMQs and not one question about the most important thing facing us in a generation. Errrr #Brexit anyone??? 
#Exclusive -- House Majority Leader #KevinMcCarthy will introduce bill this wk that will fully fund Pres #Trump’s planned wall along U.S. #border w #Mexico, thereby setting #midterm #elections up as a referendum on #immigration policy#Q #QAnon #QAnon2018 
If you havent watched it, please do.Take 52 minutes out of your life to hear what Nicola Sturgeon has to say.Its not just Scotland that recognises her worth, many folks in the rUK do too.She is the only sane voice in this Brexit Britian. 
My cartoon Wednesday @TheTimes......on the #NorthernIreland border cock-up #Brexit #StrictlyComeDancing2018 pic.twitter.com/txmd9VhcxA 
You may have noticed that Patisserie Valerie is in the news. This is a Brexit backing and donating business, one of the few. I imagine this would be an annoying time for them to find many of their customers boycotting them, just as they're trying to recover from a financial fraud 
#Brexit adds to 'dangerous undercurrents' threatening global economy  
400 homeless people died on streets last yr. Our housing market is screwed up in so many ways. UK politicians can do something about it. We can’t blame this one on the EU. Brexit, in weakening the economy, will make this harder to deal with in future. @jonsnowC4 @mikegalsworthy 
Despite Brexit, UK unemployment  lowest since 1975, employment highest ever, we're 3.2% richer since Referendum, public borrowing at a 13-year low, Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Siemens, Ryanair and Jaguar are investing billions, exports at a record high. @BrexitCentral 
The NAO chap just painted a pretty bleak assessment of Brexit as a festival of jingo which will end badly.For me, his comments underline the detachment between business (which provides the economy) and Whitehall (which relies on the economy to exist). 
Brexit is 170 days away. #brexit 
Brexit? If you ask a prisoner “Do you want to stay in jail or would you like to leave?” Most would say “I’d like to leave” that’s why the referdum was won. 100% Brexit now 
Blimey this guy is so angry he uses different coloured ink to emphasise his points!! But at least I got a couple of nice cards through today regarding #Brexit too. #KeepFightingForBrexit 
Just spent two days in Brussels having background conversations with high level EU officials. NO support for second referendum. 
You know what, if you are going to politicise mental health for personal gain and throw in Brexit into the mix, you don’t care about mental health - you are an attention seeker, this shit makes me sick, by all means unfollow me for being ‘mean’ pic.twitter.com/hS7iRs5tUz 
"I don't think it is possible to get a large number of Labour MPs to vote in favour of the PM's deal" @Mark_J_Harper tells @afneil #politicslive on #Brexit  
Was seriously mad getting to do an NME interview and talk about the Border in the North, the abortion referendum and @toutsband new single. Gone give me shitetalk a wee read 
Simon Fraser - It's now pretty well inevitable that we're going to get a blind #brexit... it's also very unlikely an agreement will be reached by the end of 2020 & #Article50 will need to be extended.#DExEU #peoplesvote #FBPE #PoliticsLive 
Excellent article by @RachelReevesMP on why Labour MPs won’t support this ‘dog’s dinner Brexit’ and why we need a @peoplesvote_uk 
 Italian budget worries, #Brexit uncertainty and tensions between Brussels and some eastern members of the European Union — what are the major political and economic factors influencing the euro? Find it out in our article 
If you believe risking the Good Friday Agreement for the sake of Brexit will only affect the people of Northern Ireland, think again  
I won’t prop up Theresa May’s dog’s dinner of a Brexit plan | Rachel Reeves  
Grayling and the #FBPE brigade have spent the last 2yrs slagging off Jeremy Corbyn for supposedly supporting Theresa May over #Brexit, when all along it was the Blairites. Oops! If Grayling had any decency he'd apologise to Corbyn. I won't hold my breath. #PoliticsLive #PMQs 
Brexit is now fetid with corruption and lack of honour for our country. It’s an national embarrassment and a nation scandal. 
EU diplomats amused how their - still - fellow British diplomats keep engaging in important EU matters despite of Brexit. The Brits even give advise on whether the Balkans should join the EU.  They argue that they should:  
So we have a Minister for Food, talk of medicine shortages & now a #Brexit police resilience team:  Scotland needs out of this insanity ASAP! 
This is worth a read if you’re totally bamboozled by Brexit.Spoiler: it’s worse than you thinkPostscript: if this mess goes ahead we’ll be talking about nothing but Brexit for the next 25+ years   
On #politicslive @Alison_McGovern says she wants a second referendum to bring people back together again. Yeah right! Not because she wants to Remain. This sophistry is why so many politicians get all the disrespect they deserve. 
To those saying it's OK to vote for economic damage:Regardless of age, we all live with the consequences of a general election more or less equally over 5 years. Brexit is not that. It forces younger generations to pay a far higher price, for values we fundamentally oppose. 
Interim update from our #LastMileLobby in Brussels by @maikebohn & @dimitriScarlato. All parties still seeing #citizensrights as their priority but uncertainty regarding Brexit outcome remains.  
“Who better to update the House of Commons on the progress of the Brexit negotiations following the informal EU summit in Salzburg than someone who wasn’t there!”  
Hi @SkyNews why do you report as Gospel Bellingcat's naming of Russian agents but not report their views on the EU referendum?@AdamBoultonSky @FaisalIslam @BethRigby @TamCohen @KayBurley @SkySarahJane @SkyNewsNiall @StephenDixonTV @AnnaJonesSky @JonCraig 
Open letter signed by 100 research fellows of The Royal Society to Mr. Barnier and Mr. Raab on the importance of securing a strong agreement between the UK and the EU for Science and Innovation #Brexit @royalsociety @KingsIoPPN @yacadeuro 
A message from our #LastMileLobby in Brussels from Jane Golding & @fjgodfrey from @BritishInEurope and @cos_detoma from the3million. #citizensrights are not a done deal and we keep on fighting to protect citizens from any Brexit fallout.  
If the BBC allowed typical advocates for Brexit proper representation on panel shows and news programmes, the wild claims of Remainers like Helena Kennedy QC - that we are mad, homophobic, xenophobes who hate human rights - would be even more widely-derided than they already are  
If there is no #PeoplesVote millions will lose their trust in democracy. They will see a huge political change driven though by lies, hate, gerrymandering, electoral crime, political intolerance, tax-dodging press barons and Russian & US right-wing interference.#Brexit #FBPE 
Just spoke on BBC4 this morning 7:50 frustrating to try to explain in five minutes complex issues on Brexit 
 DECISIVE PROGRESS is the new SUFFICIENT PROGRESS in the #Brexit process. 
Everything you need to know about the final weeks of Brexit in five minutes  
There are no technical barriers to a #SuperCanada deal. The EU is endlessly flexible when it wants to beWe urgently need to #ChuckChequers & apply the principles of negotiating in order to achieve the Brexit the British people voted for#StandUp4Brexit 
The UK government expects 5,000 City jobs to leave the country over Brexit , a Treasury minister revealed today. John Glen told Parliament he was backing a prediction by the Bank of England that 5,000 to 10,000 jobs would vanish by Day One - 29 March 2019  
The EU has said multiple times we can stop this at any time and officials have said they would only extend Article 50 for a referendum on the deal.It's literally the first line of Article 50 that the decision/intention to leave, depends on OUR constitutional requirements.  
“Women’s voices are urgently needed at the table. I know this because of #Brexit. In the build up to the referendum 91% of press coverage went to men. Since the referendum 90% of parliamentary debate time on the EU went to men. It has never been about women” @sanditoksvig #WEUCO 
CONCLUSION:Brexit and the Catalan independence movement have almost nothing in common ideologically. The Spanish Foreign Minister's characterization of the two as similar reflects a lack of familiarity with reality.Or an attempt to distort it.  
5. AGE-Brexit: The old supported Brexit; the young opposed it.-Catalonia: The young support independence; the old oppose it.  
It’s a continuing error of UKGov and many UK commentators to forget/pretend to forget that EU27 each have an electorate with views about Brexit. This shows that not only have those views have hardened over time, but that there is a deep understanding of what’s at stake.  
If the SNP end up using the 2021 election to seek a constitutional mandate, it must be an outright mandate for independence, not another mandate for a referendum -  #ScotRef 
1/ Yesterday  @theSNP passed an important resolution to protect the #citizensrights of EU citizens in the UK & @BritishInEurope in case of a no deal Brexit. There are now 35 Scottish MPs in Westminster who will fight for a separate citizens' rights agreement.  
Why is it that the EU is ready to intervene in Hungary and Poland when democratic norms are not respected, but not in the UK, where #Brexit is known to be a travesty of democracy, with very serious consequences for citizens?@guyverhofstadt 
Javid's Post-Brexit Immigration Policy: tax rises, labour shortages, xenophobia & constitutional crisis argues @EveVHepburn in excellent new blog for @scer_eu 
The entire lot must be thrown out of the army. It must be made absolutely clear that the far-right and far-right sympathiser have no place in the army. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Brexit Reality - funded by the very rich, promoted through the media they own, and executed by the government they fund. Brexit is for the benefit of less than 1% of the population, let’s be generous and say 1%, the other 51% who voted for it were duped. 
Well that’s definitely won it for @peoplesvote_hq a few privileged, patronising sanctimonious ‘celebrities’ and a @BurnleyOfficial fan #LosersVote add to that Sir Nob Geldof you have a full house #Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial 
A reminder that the EU referendum was, and still is ADVISORY. We are being dragged out of the EU on the basis of the marginal 'win' for leave in a glorified OPINION POLL - I won't even mention the gerrymandering and cheating. Oops, I just did....#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
The government is now running scared of democracy. Brexit has brought us to a point where this is possible and indeed relished by some. Has got to stop  
Prediction for next UK election:May compromises Brexit badly but doesn’t give a 2nd referendum, pleasing no one.May loses the election & is portrayed as a martyr.Corbyn becomes PM in a low turnout election and validates May’s compromise.Chaos ensues. 
Brexit so complicated that some 'points of failure' in government inevitable, NAO boss tells MPs - Politics live  darn right Business should have known more, been consulted more about the risks of Brexit! 
“I won’t prop up Theresa May’s dog’s dinner of a Brexit plan | Rachel Reeves” - the guardian  
If true, the end of the LabourParty. “May's possible Brexit deal could be backed by 30-40 Labour MPs - Times - Reuters  
This is misleading as the majority of the NI electorate voted Remain and if you factor in the disenfranchised EU residents the figure would be even higher. The figure in terms of the adult NI population I doubt is more than 30% who hold such extreme views who want such a Brexit.  
Hillary Clinton is wrong. There have been countless investigations by journalists into alleged Russian influence in #Brexit and not a shred of evidence.This is just a sore loser teaming up with other sore losers trying to blame defeat on a bogeyman instead of their own failings  
Brexit will sabotage collaboration with EU nations to tackle climate chaos & corporate tax evasion. Join us 20 October for #PeoplesVoteMarch to urge a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit deal. Take back control. Let the people decide:  Via @PeoplesVoteUK . @eddieizzard 
If Westminster continues to refuse us an Independence referendum should a maj return of SNP MPs  or Indy supporting MPs, at WM be viewed as a declaration of Independence? 
A Remainer PM negotiating Brexit is Blofeld offering to check the brakes on Bond's Aston Martin. 
My intervention on @DominicRaab: Will he confirm that if we just leave w/o signing a penal & one-sided Withdrawal Agreement we'll have £39bn to spend on our priorities-a huge boost to our economy & public services-a true Brexit bonus? How can an agreement be better than that?  
Former Chief Whip @Mark_J_Harper tells Adam that he thinks the PM should move her Brexit proposals in the direction of Canada plus deal in order to have a good chance of getting it through the Commons - recognises that this seems to be the opposite of where things are going  
Twisting words1. He said accept the referendum but because this Brexit isn't what was promised in 2016, oppose it. Only 1 way to do that2. He highlighted the divide between Labour MPs &Labour voters, saying sack MPs so they reflect voters. Well... Labour voters OPPOSE BREXIT! 
No brother they are one and the same! Trump’s America and May’s Britain are being controlled by the same dark forces. Many of the same traitors involved in Brexit were involved in 2016’s stolen election. They have same agenda to destroy the power and economy of both countries. 
Westminster will today push ahead with the #AgricultureBill despite it containing no guarantees for post-Brexit farm funding & trampling over our devolved powersOur MPs tabled this amendment to halt the passage of the Bill. We stand with our farmers & rural communities   
Unionist Delusion is now an epidemic.There were not  100,000+ at AUOB.No Rangers fans ever vote SNP/YesThe SNP are a Party in decline.Nicola has said there will be no Indy Referendum.These people are in for a huge shock very,very soon. 
You can read @DavidDavisMP's letter to MPs in full here. "If we stay on our current trajectory we will go into the next election with the government having delivered none of the benefits of Brexit...and having failed to deliver on a number of promises in the manifesto"  
"Democracy should protect us from politicians who make promises they never intended to keep"After 2 years of broken promises & botched Brexit process, people from all backgrounds are calling for a #PeoplesVoteJoin the #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th:  
Brexit Countdown: Legal bid could deliver second referendum before Christmas  @lord_godolphin @linuspoint @Londonkiltmake1 @Dissentra @CharlesTannock @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @thesilverfox971 @acgrayling @RCorbettMEP @MarieAnnUK @SebDance @julie4nw 
Uh-oh. Cabinet to be bounced again on Brexit by May. To be presented with fait accompli sell-out next Tue. Like Blair/Iraq all over again.  
With just 12 years left to avoid catastrophic climate breakdown, we need an environment secretary dedicated to working across borders to create a fairer, healthier, safer society – not a self-promoting architect of an environmentally destructive Brexit. 
Some people voted for #Brexit to restrict immigration, something the UK could always do. Instead they did was buggered up the UK economy, pushed up prices, restricted the future choices/options for young people; and put their own jobs at risk.#Brexitshambles 
Hope the @FT heeds it Ben @lionelbarber - you and your readers know this is a total disaster. There is no such thing as a good Brexit deal. There is a way out @peoplesvote_uk and you should be backing it wholeheartedly 
"The Brexit police resilience team"  
DUP (rightly) tell May they won't accept different treatment for NI. May's solution, keep the whole of the UK in the equivalent of a CU. She's worse than useless & actively sabotaging Brexit. 
Lots of research by @sarahobolt, @CatherineDVries, @GoodwinMJ etc on what British voters think about Brexit – but we generally know much less about EU-27 voters' opinions. Here is their perspective: Turns out the EU's uncompromising stance is broadly supported by EU-27 voters.  
This is Michael Gove's 'legacy' as Sec of State for Education. His next project, remember, was Brexit. Expect the same degree of 'success' .  
“I won’t prop up #TheresaMay’s  dog’s dinner of a #Brexit plan” says @RachelReevesMP 
Massie: any post-Brexit unionist argument will be 'cold and nervous' and 'reliant upon calculators for its artillery'.You mean unlike the emollience of Project Fear in 2014 – all warm confidence, charm and respect?  
 @epaluzie: "What is different in the Catalan case is the repression of the referendum by force. As @Alfreddezayas has written, there is a clear violation of human rights by Spain: art. 19, 21, 22 and 25 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights":  
“Insect-filled chocolates, rat hair-infested noodles and orange juice containing maggots are just some of the “horrors” UK consumers could be forced to accept if post-Brexit Britain signs a wide-ranging trade deal with the USA”  
Comment: Voters should turn the Wentworth byelection into a referendum on climate policy  
"In her closing speech to the SNP conference in Glasgow yesterday, the Scottish first minister pointedly compared the future that Scotland could have outside the UK with that offered by the Conservatives and Brexit."  
#TeamJunckerEU today: state of play of #Article50 negotiations for the withdrawal of United Kingdom; information on ongoing preparedness and contingency work (#Brexit). Progress report on #SecurityUnion. Presentation of the annual report of the Independent European Fiscal Board. 
Theresa May is preparing to make further concessions to the EU. This will include a commitment to keep the UK in a customs union after Brexit. 
Hurrah. People are being hired by UK Gov to manage civil emergencies as a result of Brexit on salaries of circa £50k. Such a waste of money when I can give you a free advice which will remove the risk of all and any civil emergencies: STOP BREXIT  
Bad news for #Brexit Britain. We in the EU will sell you less of our stuff, especially cars. This is bad for the UK because reasons. While you suffer from a cheese shortage, we will find new markets. Many new markets. Not sure where. But many. 
'A right-wing Tory is getting penalised for a rude sign about Brexit  – where are his pro-free speech friends now?'  
We now have a minister for food supplies AND a minister for suicide prevention.#Brexit going well is it?? 
May wants her party to vote for her deal, regardless of how bad it is.She's threatening Leavers with No Brexit.She's threatening Remainers with No Deal.She's threatening the country with disaster. Don't listen to her!#StopBrexit @BremainInSpain 
Yesterday @BBCNews ran a report on someone from Strictly snogging his dance partner. This is evidently more important than the news there is a report which points to Russian involvement in Brexit. #BringbacknewstotheBBC #Brexit 
More good news ... IMF warn global economy could be battered by Brexit  
After 100,000 marching in Edinburgh on Saturday, the recent (2nd in a row) Poll showing support at 50% (and 52% if Brexit occurs) and Nicola's speech yesterday, i believe the tipping point has occurred.Nicola summed it up well.'Once we have the momentum, it'll be unstoppable" 
The Labour party is calling for a second referendum, the SNP are calling for two second referendums, only the Conservatives are respecting the will of the British people  
James Acaster’s teabag Brexit metaphor is still the original and best from Mock the Week 
2 General Elections2 Scottish elections1 Council election 1 European election1 EU referendum1 #indyref 
As someone in England, I only really see the broad strokes from the SNP. But on the big issues, I see:- A party supporting a PV, even though hard Brexit would hasten indy 2.- A party supporting PR, even through it’d likely end up with fewer MPs.That’s integrity. 
Remain lied. Remain overspent. Remain cheated. Putin didn't help them. 2 years later sensible people know this. They also know more about benefits of Brexit. Some have changed their minds from Remain. Lots of young people can now vote & know Project Fear was lies. Best of 5? 7?  
“There are no technical barriers to a Brexit deal over trade, security cooperation, dispute resolution, the Irish border and everything else...There are dozens of exemptions and derogations to deal with special situations”  
"Brexit is already causing chaos and will result in an unprecedented loss of civil rights. Independence in the EU is the right choice for Scotland" says @markruskell following #SNP18 
Head of Investment Association (IA) now believes that UK fund managers won't need to relocate to EU to manage EU invesmtne funds after #Brexit after all.  
After 18 months as our cheif negotiator, David Davis tells colleagues govt hasn’t got a good enough deal and they deserve better (which ‘Canada+’ is not). He does so without irony nor accepts his own culpability.The fact remains: no version of Brexit is better than membership  
The government’s own analysis concluded that any form of #Brexit would be an own goal. Over a 15-year period the so-called Canada-type free-trade deal could result in a loss of almost 5% of GDP, and under WTO rules the loss would be almost 8% #PeoplesVote 
What to go on at #PMQs:Universal CreditHomelessness that killsRuinous BrexitShameful Child Poverty Unnecessarily savage austerity Crisis in Police numbers Sickening DebtStagnant wages Increase in hate crimes Racist abuseNHS Crisis etc@CONservatives are the problem! 
Your right about one thing, Nicola wont deliver independence, the people of Scotland will... The NHS will be missing altogether if we stick with your precious union, Labour in Scotland defenders of WM policy, including austerity, brexit & WMD's jog on charlatans.. 
Not my business, but slamming Leavers for not fully grasping potential Brexit trade implications when voting seems misguided.First, even experts took a year after the vote to formulate a clear picture. Second, surely it was the job of the Remain campaign to accessibly explain? 
Government advertising £50,000 jobs to “respond to and recover from civil emergencies of all types" as a result of Brexit. I repeat: We do not have to do this.  
Receiving some really quite offensive & racist emails as a result of @theSNP support for a 2nd #EU referendum. Those sending them should be advised I won’t change my mind about putting my constituents & Scotland’s interests first #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
This bit, "at the highest level of M16 the line is, we see no benefit in telling the great British public that they were suckered" would explain, if the Privy Council were to have had such a briefing from MI5/MI6, why, given the oath they're under, no one is able to speak out? 
Brilliant from Yanis Varoufakis destroying the arguments from middle class liberal idiots like @JolyonMaugham @acgrayling @DavidLammy @Femi_Sorry on a Second Referendum / #PeoplesVoteas well as calling for FULL DESELECTION of PLPleaves @johnharris1969 spluttering like a fool 
There is no good Brexit for them or anyone else. And @peoplesvote_uk gives us a way out of the mess and the chaos. 
It’s like, over a year after I was saying Russia clearly interfered in Brexit and no one would admit it to save face, everyone now agrees.  
No Labour MP should prop up a Tory Government. Ever.May's Brexit destroys jobs, reduces public spending and opens up our hard won rights and protections to Tory attack.Every Labour MP must resist.#PeoplesVote 
Yes their silence is deafening. Any opposition leader now would be taking strips off the Tories dystopian vision post Brexit, and would be openly and actively supporting a #PeoplesVote. The problem is Corbyn still wants Brexit, despite everything.  
This country will not survive the economic shock of Brexit. That’s reality.  
#Bellingcat from the mouth of the author of the report as to the identity of the Russian agents, confirmation that it is highly likely that there was interference in #Referendum @mrjamesob @J_amesp @ObiWokKanobe @PimlicoPlumbers @DavidLammy @DamianCollins 
Hearing news that the Brexit police resilience team (it’s not good this even exists) is looking to take on over 50 officers as rapidly as possible. I’ll put more details out as they come in but only a few weeks back this was still just a rumour in the halls. 
Patisserie Valerie shares suspended amid probe into "significant and potentially fraudulent accounting irregularities".Funnily enough, its owner, Luke Johnson, has been a loud cheerleader for #Brexit, which he assures us will be "brilliant for business".#PeoplesVote 
What an appalling waste of taxpayers’ money. When the nhs is in permanent crisis, when schools are crumbling and our social care system is chronically underfunded - do you really want to waste money on #Brexit??? We say NONobody voted for this.Demand a #PeoplesVote 
You had two years in charge of Brexit negotiations. You failed spectacularly. The alternative is a #PeoplesVote. 
Clear majorities of English Conservatives would support Scottish independence as the price of BrexitNearly half (49%) of English Conservative voters do not think Scottish MPs should sit in the UK cabinet and 24% of Scottish Conservative voters agree with them.#'nuffsaid! 
Come and speak to my constituents any time Alastair. I’ll fight for the best Brexit for them.  
Now being widely reported that May is trying to keep the whole UK in EU customs union beyond transition and with no exit date. Do Tory MPs seriously imagine Brexit voters, whose support they depend on, will be remotely ok with that? Corbyn as PM beckons. 
Why didn't you just remain as Brexit Secretary and push this through?  
My take on conference:  Brexit is an unmitigated disaster, SNP MPS will not vote for any deal short of SM & CU, SNP leaders have been working 30/40 years for Indy, They know they have a mandate, They know indy is close, They are not going to screw it up. 
Nice to see you last night @GloriaDePiero but you and other @UKLabour MPs who are just caving in on Brexit will never be forgiven. It will damage most the people we exist to help and serve  
READ: "I won't prop up Theresa May's dog's dinner of a #Brexit plan" says @RachelReevesMP, calling for a #PeoplesVote: 
 (2 years ago) "You need us more than we need you. You are desperate to do a deal with us"  (Today) "Help ! Help !!!! We'll do anything you say, promise, but please PLEASE ! help us out of this absolute Brexit shitfuck :) 
Brexit dominates everything political right now, that's clear. But the effect of being outside of the EU will be a lot more decisions that the UK has to take. Our government is secretive and institutions weak. This needs to change or we will run into major problems 10/ ends 
Leading theatre industry figures warn that Theresa May’s latest Brexit plans will “strangle the supply of vital talent” coming into the UK and cause a “bureaucratic nightmare” for touring shows, say @SOLTnews @Creative_Fed @bectu @EquityUK  
Friends! The Brexit referendum was - literally - a nuclear attack on Our Democratic Process, i.e. Our EU telling us what to do, and us obeying!Our British Democracy was obliterated and 17,410,742 perpetrators are laughing at us!Talk about Our Terrifying Far-Right Conspiracy!  
Right then.DUP want NI treated same as the rest of the UK. Fine.Ireland wants no hard border with Northern Ireland. Also fine IMHO.So that leads to one outcome: Soft Brexit with UK in Single Market and Customs Union.How do you think the ERG think about that, Arlene?  
Whatever your stance, there's no doubt that Brexit has divided the nation.Have you fallen out with friends/family/colleagues over Brexit? 
Theresa May is preparing to bind her cabinet into further compromises to her Brexit blueprint before European leaders meet next week.  
The Tories have a peer and ex treasurer & trade envoy on the board of Cambridge Analytica. He is a mate of Boris Johnson. They are complicit. There is a lot of money to be made out of Brexit for some people. 
Remember: the PM and most of the Cabinet are allowed to change their minds on Brexit. You, it seems, are not. 
VIDEO: This is Paris. Now you can understand why tourism is falling in the city.#Brexit #BrexitShambles 
The Government has simply failed to negotiate with the EU in the national interest – it’s increasingly clear that the British people should get the final say on Brexit – with an option to stay in the EU.  
WEAK: Theresa May to put forward 'further compromise' on Brexit plan. Instead of Canada+ she’s going for Chequers-.  
When are @UKLabour MPs and unions going to wake up to the fact that Brexit is a project of the right for the right by the right? It is a Brextremist elite undoing decades of progress and will do untold damage to working class areas. I’m talking to you @GloriaDePiero 
My letter in today’s ⁦@FT⁩ on why a #PeoplesVote is the rational way out of our #Brexit mess. #BrexitShambles 
The thought of Labour MP''s walking through the lobbies to vote for a job destroying Tory Brexit is stomach turning. This isn't a "binary choice between her deal and no deal. That is a false choice"We're a Parliamentary democracy, not a dictatorship. 
Shares in Patisserie Valerie have been suspended after the cafe chain discovered "significant, potentially fraudulent, accounting irregularities"Chairman supported Brexit, so this doesn’t come as a huge surprise...#r4today 
That #Brexit dividend in full: “A team of civil emergency workers are being recruited on salaries of up to £50,000 a year to help the country cope with any fallout from Brexit.”  
Not long till Brexit. Can you believe they've got stuff in the shops for Brexit already? Have yourself a merry little Brexit. Yer da's dreaming of a white Brexit. 
I’m not sure how the likes of Liam Fox and Penny Mordaunt could back an unnecessary Irish backstop proposal that would mean an “indefinite UK-wide customs union”, which would immediately remove one of the biggest prizes of Brexit. 
Britain may have to increase government spending in the event of a hard Brexit to protect UK citizens from the worst economic impacts of such an event  Many said that Brexit would save money - it's increasingly clear that it'll end up costing more money 
And 88% of Britain's Leavers also feel that a second independence referendum in Scotland that resulted in Scotland leaving the UK would be "worth it to take back control" #Brexit  
Is support for a second referendum growing? If you want the correct answer, don't ask Alastair Campbell   
May is preparing to bind her cabinet before her trip to Brussels where she’ll make a commitment to keep UK in a customs unionWe call on @PennyMordaunt @DominicRaab @trussliz & @sajidjavid to reject thisRemaining in a CU isn’t Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
IF Corbyn whips Labour into opposing any Brexit deal that fails to pass Starmer’s 6 tests, then whatever May puts to the Commons will be voted down once her own rebels are factored in. What then? Ignore the ‘meaningful vote’? Or yet another General Election? 
The U.S. threatens to lock Britain out of a 46-nation trade pact - plus Wednesday's other Brexit headlines  
Many #Leavers wanted #Brexit so the UK could control the numbers of EU citizens coming to the UK. In other words so it could say NO to applicants.By doing so, they have deprived 65million Brits of the right to study, work or retire in the EU, as they too can now say NO. 
Here are a few simple but effective ideas for @JackieDP as the UK's first suicide prevention minister:1. End Austerity2. Stop Brexit3. Scrap PIP assessment4. Abandon Universal Credit & start using Universal Basic Income#WorldMentalHealthDay#WMHD18 
I cannot understand why the result of the referendum has not been declared null & void. Kenya managed a re-run of their election when it became clear that it had been compromised. How can we base our constitution on this lie? Britain has shamed itself. 
I won’t prop up Theresa May’s dog’s dinner of a Brexit plan | Rachel Reeves  
A supermajority of young voters want to stay in the #EU. They have to live with the consequences of #Brexit the longest. 
How can a referendum result based in lies, misinformation & criminal activity be the basis for the worst decision in decades?#VotesShouldBeFair@UKEUchallenge 
I urge boycott of @BBCNews and news programmes and #bbcqt until the stop equating balance with putting liars on to balanace those with the facts. Liars need to be challenged and called out as liars. BBC should not be Brexit Propaganda Arm 
‘A team of civil emergency workers are being recruited on salaries of up to £50,000 a year to help the country cope with any fallout from Brexit’We can all think of so many better ways to spend this money#StopBrexit 
ICYMI: BBC confirmed this chart is 100% accurate. In the last five years, most important for the debate about EU and Brexit, Question Time has NEVER invited a pro-EU MEP to speak while 33/35 MEP appearances were UKIP and 2/35 the Tories. Distorting the debate is indefensible.  
The ritual humiliation of Brexit voting Britain continues. Theresa May is a fervent Remainer determined to keep us mired to the rotting corpse of the EU. ...  
The most corrosive, corrupting and anti-democratic words: 'the referendum must be respected' - that's the referendum infected with crime, lies and interference, which delivered a vote of 37% of the total electorate for Leave. Respected? No. It is the naked excuse for a coup. 
83% of Britain's Leavers feel that "the unravelling of the peace process in Northern Ireland" would be "worth it to take back control"#Brexit  
My Brexit update videos have now reached 10,000 views. Many thanks to all viewers plus @GuidoFawkes and @ConHome for the referralsFind out what’s happening in our exit from the EU and why there is a row over the Government’s plans here: 
Excellent to see #Leeds MP ⁦@RachelReevesMP⁩ taking a stand:”We are now more than 2 years on from the referendum & the only certainty about the government’s #Brexit deal is that it will be far worse than our current membership of the EU” #PeoplesVote 
Figures so huge won't make tabloids or BBC but IMF says UK public finances now worse other than Portugal. UK government has less than £3tn in assets and £5tn of liabilities, indicating a negative net worth of more than £2tn. Means tax hikes just as Brexit hits @ChrisGiles_ in FT 
Mr Davis is wrong.The voters will not 'punish' the Tories.We will Crucify, Annihilate and Destroy them. And their names will live forever in InfamyViva Brexit! 
surprising number of Labour MPs are agonising about whether to back May’s Brexit deal (depending on what she gets) because the alternative could be an economically devastating No Deal  
Just such a shame you never had two years to do the detailed negotiations and political heavy lifting on this as a Cabinet minister with the sole task of delivering the Brexit you spent your life fantasising about ... @peoplesvote_uk because the politicians have messed it up 
All this squabbling & uncertainty while the nation itself is completely ignored? These politicians foaming at the mouth while treating us as non-existent? NO. #PeoplesVote IS ESSENTIAL. “Senior Tories launch concerted attack on May's Brexit plan  
When was the last time a democratically elected government chose to pursue a policy it expected to cause a rise in crime & disease? Recruitment of “resilience” officers reveals insanity of Brexit  
“Nicola Sturgeon has appealed to her party to have "patience", telling activists that they will have to wait for the outcome of the Brexit negotiations before they can hold another vote on Scottish independence” @thetimes. If Brexit happens, the UK ends. #PeoplesVote 
The EU have displayed the patience of saints with the UK's Brexit tantrum. But that good will can only extend so far and it's hard not to feel even those who advocated for us to stay have lost patience under barrage of attacks from right and left alike.#StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
#Ireland is already open up to the world with far better trading prospects than outside the EU. Take a look at the Anglo-Irish Free Trade Agreement of the 1960s if you want to see what happens small states in trade negs. You just spout Brexit tropes & want to impoverish Ireland.  
"PAYING FOR THE EU HONEYPOT" - If you're pro-#Brexit, you HAVE to read this article on the £9.5 BILLION that Theresa has agreed to fund for EU pensions :  
The one good thing about Brexit? Leaving the EU’s disgraceful farming system | George Monbiot  
They can call them “resilience workers” or anything else in job adverts, but here’s the govt’s Brexit mask that slipped. The truth the govt try to hide in dry papers but won’t speak: Brexit spells trouble ahead. We can press pause, or stop. #peoplesvote  
So begins the annual referendum on how the Yankees depend too much in the home run, and how home runs don’t win playoff games, which is especially nonsensical after they lost an elimination game on the flukiest home run against them this season. 
Theresa May is 'running scared' of updating Parliament on Brexit - she is sending Dominic Raab to deliver the message in her place... "we want frictionless trade"... the type that happens to be provided by the Customs Union & Single Market...& the EU #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Britain is on the edge of mass destruction but few politicians talk the truth about Brexit, both the Tories and Labour have their own agendas. They will never be forgiven for what they are doing. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Leavers assured us before the referendum that all the EU does is take our money and that we get nothing in return, yet now they whine about the EU punishing us by not giving us the benefits of membership after we leave. 
Since the Brexit vote Sturgeon has acted like a concussion victim stumbling around in the road clueless about what's happening - the definitive sign of the unfitness of her (or her party) to rule.   
This is the map of the #geography of #EU discontent, considering the votes for parties moderately opposed to EU integration. The conditions that brought about #Brexit are present in many countries. Restoring hope is more urgent than ever.#EURegionsWeek 
Emergency workers being hired to handle post-Brexit disruption  
3/ an EFTA/EEA brexit would give remainers ~80% of what they like about the EU and would take away ~80% of what leavers dislike about the EU.  
Brexit Explained  
Recruiting: Key skills nclude being proficient in “strategic thinking” & communicating confidently & effectively with a range of audiences including ministers.Ironically, If Cameron had used some of this early on, then we wouldn't be in this Brexit mess. 
1/ the EU referendum result was close, and polls suggest that if it was re-run it might be closer still. Remain could even win.  
.it is now a patriotic duty to fight against Brexit, to protest against the insanity that has gripped our political system. Get out & march on 20th Oct in London-this is no time to relax resignation or finding excuses to stay at home.....unite our voices so they roar like thunder  
Constitutional referendum, lifestyle audit, demolition of illegal structures, Chinese loans, handshake etc...sometimes I get the sickening feeling that these "hot topics" are generated by the ruling elite to make Kenyans forget about their misery & shithole conditions 
Officials are locked in talks over compromise Brexit deal that could see Britain remain temporarily in the EU’s customs regime, sources say  
The one good thing about Brexit? Leaving the EU’s disgraceful farming system | George Monbiot  
May warned 'at least' 40 Tory MPs won't back deal  The tide is continuing to turn in our favour as more and more people realise that the final Brexit deal won't be a good one. March with us on October 20th:  
In reality, an Irexit would amount to little more than a West Brexit.  
My invitation to debate Brexit in Cheltenham on Saturday with the local MP @AlexChalkChelt⁩ stands. He says he is speaking at the literary festival - for a big entry fee. Does he only speak to his constituents if they pay to hear him? 
Dear Kenyans, "Referendum" is not about fixing your problems. In fact, it is a distraction from them e.g. from the fact that GoK has completely failed to stem #RoadCarnage. What "referendum" is really about is fixing politicians' problems.  
The Government Is Hiring Specialists To Deal With 'Civil Emergencies' Caused By Brexit - The plans include the “real possibility” of calling on military assistance..... 
The former Liberal leader John Hewson has called on voters in his former seat of Wentworth to use the byelection as a referendum on climate change and vote against the Liberals. 
Former Brexit Minister: 80 Tories Ready Vote Down May’s ‘Half-in-Half-Out’ Brexit  via @BreitbartNews 
Quite frankly, for the non-UK observer, it seems that the UK has lost all rationality when it comes to Brexit. This is a tragedy which will cause untold damage for years to come. It is greatly to be regretted. 
All of this has been obvious to non-UK observers of the Brexit process for quite some time. (1) UK keeps asking for what it can't have, benefits without obligations (2) the numbers are not there in the HOC for any Brexit deal  
Should religious schools be allowed to turn away students and teachers because they’re gay? Tonight on #TheDrum religious freedom review, US ambassador to the UN resigns and John Hewson urges voters to use the Wentworth byelection as a referendum on climate change.  
-Asia stocks trade mostly higher-U.S. dollar nudges lower-Treasuries retreat from 7-year peak-Pound adds to gains over Brexit talks optimism-Oil near $75 
Take a look at yourselves @BBCNewsPR. MEPs in general are ideally placed to have the knowledge on the EU that we need to understand the detail of the brexit debate. Yet you chose only to give us the ones that reject the EU through hate and prejudice. @peston 
Nicola Sturgeon, often intriguing, sometimes brilliant on Brexit, paraphrasing you know who: "Never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few." 
The best outcome for maintaining the status quo in Northern Ireland after #Brexit, writes @henryfarrell, would be if the United Kingdom agreed to remain in the Customs Union and Single Market. 
In case you are unsure about what a civil emergency is, that's a disaster big enough to warrant the deployment of the military on our streets at home. Think mass riots, famine, natural disaster.  Just clarifying for those who didn't understand that. | #BREXIT #SCOTREF #INDYREF2 
Democracy is under siege when you push to nullify the will of the voters@HillaryClinton hits out at Russia’s alleged role in funding “right wing” #Brexit as she says democracy is under siege  
Vatan Party Salutes the Macedonian People that rejected membership in NATO…Deputy Chairman of Vatan Party and Deputy Chairman of International relations, Yunus Soner made a press declaration on the Macedonian referendum of 30th of Sep, 2018#Бојкотирам 
The BOCES capital project referendum passed 992 yes to 141 no. Thank you to all who voted. #BuildUpCTE 
Briley’s second reason for opposing the ballot referendum—that MNPD isn’t in favor of it—is, like, kind of the whole point. Good lord.  
Precisely. They undermine Brexit and the military and then expect us to defend their politics 
I think I'm going to open a sweepstake on how many tweets it takes, on any thread, no matter what the subject, before it gets hijacked by Brexit whatabouters. Doesn't seem to matter what everyone else in the thread is talking about: up they pop, like a game of whack-a-mole.  
George Soros sees America in terms of its centers of economic and political power. He doesn't care or understand the vast stretches of small towns and cities who care about borders and being a sovereign nation. Trump’s victory, like Brexit, came because the left ignored them,  
Exclusive — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via @BreitbartNews 
The only real ‘Brexit dividend’ comes from not leaving | William Keegan | Business | The Guardian  
Thanks @cupe1004 for giving me some time to speak about the upcoming Proportional Representation referendum in BC. Pro Rep provides more choice for voters, more accountability and more collaboration between parties. I'm voting for #pr4bc. #cupebc 
2004: Sam Sullivan, future BC Liberal MLA, leads referendum campaign against First Past the Post2017: BC Liberals don't use First Past the Post to choose their leader2018: BC Liberals claim the sky will fall if BC doesn't use First Past the Post for elections.#PR4BC #bcpoli 
May sent Dominic Raab to the Commons today to explain the lack of progress in the Brexit talks. She didn’t have the guts to go herself. The optimism of the last few days disappeared. Raab said he expected concessions from Brussels. But we all know that these will come from her. 
And everyone will lose unless Brexit is scrapped!Tories will lose the next election unless May's Brexit plan is scrapped, warns David Davis  
Hillary Clinton slams Putin and his regime, saying that democracy is under siege following Russia’s efforts to meddle in both the U.S. presidential election and Brexit.  
Rita Ora on why she wanted to get political about Brexit and if Kanye West should be president #AMAs  
Tories have seriously underestimated moving millions onto Universal Credit during first years of Brexit. An entire generation of voters will associate Brexit with severe poverty, food banks and rationing. Many families have a vulnerable family member who will be affected #PollTax 
.@SteveBakerHW urges the Government to change its approach to the #Brexit negotiations and seek a Canada + deal with the EU.  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @CCHQPress @Conservatives @TheConWom @ToryDCMS @DCBMEP @BrexitStewart @andreajenkyns #Tory #Tories 
Exclusive—BUILD THE WALLHouse Majority Leader McCarthy IntroducingBill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration ReferendumBill will fund Full $26 Billion plus allow foradditional Enforcement measuresVote RedWalk Away  
Because we have NEVER been governed by other countries.The #Article50 Bill clearly states that the UK has remained Sovereign throughout our 40 year membership.Disgraceful. Totally. #Brexit#FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote #OFOC #FFS  #PeoplesVoteMarch 
For those who don’t know a route 1 is a security check - this one is a 1F .. a local one - still means I could be here for hours - @SebDance this is what will bring transport to its knees post brexit out the customs union ....  
Brexit is many things:A chaotic retreat to isolationism.The silly fantasy of infantile 'patriots' who drool over oil paintings of Lancaster Bombers.A sinister hard-right coup.Taking back control -- of us.Russian foreign policy.It really is NOT independence or freedom. 
So I left Swiss customs @ 15:00 local - now at Dover customs to surrender my papers and the dreaded “ route 1 “ pops up - that’s a security clearance and I could now be stuck in a bonded Car park for hours - possibly until morning- this will be a disaster post brexit 
You thought #Brexit was bad for the people of Britain, but spare a thought for all the sheep that will be slaughtered at the side of the road because of this Nationalist Brexit madness. Brexit is bad for British people and its sheep. #StopBrexit 
Given 400 political panellists, and the supposed 52:48% in favour of Brexit in June 2016, then 208 should have been pro-Brexit and 192 pro-EU. Can the BBC demonstrate how it ensures there has been this fair representation of views please?  
All those women are great. Thanks for having them on #bbcqt. But listing them does not answer the very simple question. Why has EVERY SINGLE UK MEP on #bbcqt in recent years been in favour of Brexit?There's a very simple solution to this, you know... Goodnight!     7/7 FIN 
But @MaireadMcGMEP you say, on #bbcqt this year [A week after @RCorbettMEP first tweeted graphic]. She is vice-president of the EU Parliament. She's an Irish MEP, not one of the 73 UK MEPs. So, why has EVERY SINGLE UK MEP on #bbcqt in recent years been in favour of Brexit?6/7 
But @GlenysKinnock, you say. She ceased to be an MEP in 2009 - 9 YEARS AGO. She was last on #bbcqt as an MEP in 2002, it seems. 16 YEARS AGO. Again, (louder!) why has EVERY SINGLE UK MEP on #bbcqt in recent years been in favour of Brexit.   5/7 
November isn't just for individual candidates... it's a referendum on identity politics, & just how much more We the People R going 2 tolerate.  UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL!   Join now, to champion unity VOLUNTEER, DONATE, VOTE. #bradshermanhasgottago 
Don't  forget. The NHS is an anathema to the Tory party. The last vestige of socialism to be dealt with. The torys will take it from us.We have  to stop them now and forever.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
During a 7-mile run in beautiful sunshineI tried to fathom how #Brexit will benefitMy son - 23 academicMy daughter - 26 city recruiterMy mother - 90 retiredMy neighbours, friends, meThe sick, the homeless...None of us will benefitPlease #r4Today can you tell us who will? 
PS the referendum did not instruct. It advised. 
I criticise @BBCNews for “false balance” when covering Climate Change and Brexit. Treating one view which lacks foundation as being of equal worth as another view backed by hard facts, has caused incalculable damageI criticise BBC news for lack of balance when covering Corbyn 
@UKParliament @EUparliament   The UK Electoral Commission reported on 17th July 2018 that the 2016 UK EU Referendum leave vote was procured by multiple crimes. How can ANY government possibly continue to use this criminally procured vote to justify the UK leaving the EU ? 
#Brexit will leave UK short of 380,000 care workers by 2026, analysis suggests.#Cornwall has well over 200 care homes.We know that they are already finding it very hard to recruit staff to replace EU care workers who are already leaving. #PeoplesVote 
.@theresa_may, if you're listening, I hope you'll be able to acknowledge the fact that Russia has interfered with both the EU referendum and the US election. I think it would really help if you were to give us the opportunity to hold a #PeoplesVote. #BrexitRussia #StopBrexit 
Theresa May lied to the UK voter she has betrayed #Brexit, Labour will win the next General Election by a landslide all due to Theresa May's betrayal.  
Former Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that voters will punish the Tory party if it continues to follow the Chequers Brexit plan. @TomSwarbrick1 asks: Will you still vote Conservative? 
If you want to stop Brexit get off your arse & get to London on 20th October. I’m taking my whole family & dog as we can’t let the government get away with pushing through Brexit without a People’s Vote. Don’t let us down! 
Indeed. Which is why there was an actual independence referendum that allowed Scots to make a choice.  
Issue is simple. You Leavers promised Brexit was very easy. We would keep all advantages of EU but have none of what you said were disadvantages. We'd also have lots of money for NHS. You Leavers lied and the voters believed you. Now you're saying they can't change their minds  
If we sort out the tory leadership, we sort out #BrexitDominic Lawson correctly points out that Brexit is being led by RemainersWe have a PM who doesn't believe in Brexit, we need a full-on Brexit Tory leadership challenge, not another general election  
I know not new but in case you missed it, this really made me laugh. #BBC does funny. And unusually not at #brexit voters expense. Opposite. Who knew? Refreshing.  
Brexit means...Numpties voting for bendy fucking bananas and instead they get an economic catastrophe. 
When #Brexit politicians lie we should of course refute the lies. But the most important task is to repeatedly expose the motive for such shameless mendacity. And here we must point to their craving for a post-Brexit tax haven style economy tailored for the 1%.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
But don’t get carried away with the idea that the risk of a no-deal Brexit would have been eliminated. Any such agreement of the sort I’ve described would need to be approved by MPs. And that is by no means guaranteed, to state the egregiously obvious. 
Which is the logic of Alice in Wonderland. And will satisfy only those desperate to avoid a hard Brexit at all costs, so not the Tory MPs of the true Brexit ERG wing of the party. So far, so well sourced. 
This is why the EU is being so tough about Brexit, the European public strongly supports its negotiating stance. 
"We would simply be asking that Theresa May respects the democratic will of the Scottish people" - the SNP’s leader at Westminster, Ian Blackford, on asking for a second Scottish referendum  #newsnight | @IanBlackfordMP | #SNP18 
The thing that's come out of Brexit that astounds me is how poorly educated the British are, how entirely lacking curiosity. About everything. Politics, domestic & intl, EU, WTO, Ireland. The principles of democracy. Half of em prob have to Google it before they wipe their arse. 
Bill Cash, why are you lying? It is a lie that in the EU the UK is governed by other countries. In the EU we have a powerful say. In a trade deal with the USA many of our domestic policies would be dictated by Washington. Which is better?#FBPE #PeoplesVote #Brexit  
If a referendum mandate is not respected then must an SNP seat majority at any subsequent election be a mandate for independence full stop? #PeopleAreSovereign 
“Davis warns May of 'dire consequences' without Brexit rethink”? There’s going to be dire consequences from any form of Brexit, you ludicrous Poundland dog chew toy.   
Packed anti-Brexit ⁦@OFOCBrexit⁩ meeting at ⁦@ucl⁩ with +200 students this evening, speaking with ⁦@CarolineLucas⁩ & ⁦@RichardNewby3⁩. All but 3 students supported a people’s vote & almost all will be on the 20 Oct march for people’s vote! 
Thanks @OFOCBrexit for organising a great meeting on Brexit at #UCL tonight.78% of young people oppose Brexit & should be able to have a say on the outcome via a #PeoplesVote. Please do join us on 20 October for biggest demonstration yet 
More surprisingly, 75% of English Tories would support the collapse of the Northern Ireland peace process as the price of Brexit  
So I stuck a fresh "Bollocks to Brexit" sticker on my passport today. The customs guys in the airport p!ssed themselves laughing & passed it to their colleagues and we had a good 5 minute chat about how insane Brexit is and how we won't let it happen. Fabulous guys!Love the EU! 
'True Brexit bonus' Brexiteer urges £39bn divorce bill be spent on UK economy boost NOT EU  
I would dearly love to hear her Majesty the Queen break with protocol and openly express her #Brexit concerns. That would make one very happy. 
Whether or not you’ve felt strongly about Brexit so far, look at what we end up with and ask yourself:1. Will it make Britain stronger, more united and better off?2. Does it fulfil the promises made and voted for in 2016?The UK’s future is more important than expediency. 
COMMENT (AND REPLY) OF THE DAY: Brexit means Britain is coming together.  
The poster might as well read: "Bollocks to democracy". That is essentially what you are saying!Had Leave lost, and somebody like Tim Martin or James Dyson put up posters reading: "Bollocks to the EU", following a Referendum defeat. You'd be crying "sour grapes" & "sore losers". 
WATCH: after the shambles at the Salzburg summit the PM was hiding from Parliament today + sent Dominic Raab the #Brexit Secretary. He tried to dodge every question put to him - including mine! This chaos can’t continue. It’s time for @peoplesvote_uk @WalesForEurope #PeoplesVote 
“Working people will pay the heaviest price for Brexit after being conned by lying charlatan Boris ­Johnson and snake oil salesman Nigel Farage.” - @Kevin_Maguire is right, and the only way to stop it is a #PeoplesVote#FFS  
Forget the flash and the mash of Nicola Sturgeon and her cult. They would never, ever win another referendum - even if Theresa May (or her successor) decided to grant one. The Scottish Nationalists are a party running on empty. 
Unlike his party, the SNP has a mandate from the Scottish people, and that mandate has an independence referendum at it's heart.It is the will of the Scots, and will be held, Ross and his fellow unionists fear the reult will not be the same as 2014, eyes have been opened.  
Looking for a job? The Civil Service is recruiting 'resilience advisers' to cope with Brexit 'disruption'  
Dumb millionaire advertises against Brexit in already overwhelmingly anti-Brexit neighborhoods   
If you voted for #Brexit believing it would benefit the NHS, you were lied to.If you voted for #Brexit believing you would take back control, you were lied to.If you voted for #Brexit believing it would benefit you & your family, you were lied to.#PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
Brexit for dummies.Don't listen to the baddies.The baddies are:Nigel FarageBoris JohnsonDavid DavisJacob Rees MoggDominic RaabDarren CrimesHatey Katie HopkinsJulia Heartless BrewerPeter BoneheadJames DireTim 'SpoonsScientist for BrexitEconomist for Brexit 
Post-Brexit UK GDP forecast finally revealed.  
The 2014 Referendum was fraudulent.Westminster are guilty. Tories are guiltyThe EU Referendum was fraudulent. Westminster are guilty. Tories are guilty.YOU are supporting fraudulent dealings.YOU are not supporting Scotland. #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2 
Today I received the Kanak #FLNKS delegation led by Daniel Goa and @ForrestMika. It was very interesting to hear how they managed to reach an agreement with France for the referendum on self-determination for New Caledonia on November 4th  
Yields on Italy’s 10-year debt spiked to 3.62pc after Lega strongman Matteo Salvini vowed to sweep away existing European order, calling Jean-Claude Juncker and his aides "enemies of Europe barricaded inside their Brussels bunker.” Brexit a storm  in a teacup by comparison . 
Can someone translate this from the job description, pls:"...resilient localities: which can prepare for, respond to, and recover from civil emergencies of all types." This sounds as vague as #Brexit!  Whats resilient localities' & what are ALL type of civil emergencies?  
Wednesday's FT: "Bank of England ramps up #Brexit warning over £41tn of derivatives" (via @BBCHelenaLee) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
If everyone who voted for Brexit knew exactly what they voted for, how come the Conservative party still don’t know what “it” is? 
READ: Labour blasts Brexit 'Groundhog day' as Theresa May refuses to update MPs on the progress of the negotiations 
If everyone who voted for Brexit knew exactly what they voted for how come the Conservative party still don’t know what “it” is? (Asking on behalf of 65 million people)                       Davis warns May of 'dire consequences' without Brexit rethink  
The more I think about @DominicRaab pledge there will be end date for NI backstop, the less I see how there can be Brexit deal: backstop is by definition an undated insurance policy in case negotiations on future relationship, which have not even started, fail to keep border open 
And of course the referendum would be declared null & void if this were still a decent country.  The result was a result of foreign interference, CA, Facebook, lies by the Daily Mail & Vote Leave cheating.  Surprised you think that is Ok. 
Conservatives have been telling people to vote a certain way for decades with promises of riches and threats of poverty.Not believing the warnings about Brexit financially harming them doesn't mean they're happy for it to.  
Exclusive: Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall McCarthy will introduce a bill this week that will fully fund Trump’s border wall thereby setting up the midterm elections as a referendum on immigration policy...simply brillant! 
.It's about time!House Majority Leader McCarthy Will Introduce a Bill to Fully Fund the Border Wall.#BuildTheWall now becomes a Midterm Immigration Referendum.This bill ONLY deals with enforcement & security.DACA will be dealt with in later bills. 
Brexit Britain is the diametric opposite to the social democratic and inclusive values that still find a ready consensus in Scotland. It's not that many Scots want to leave Britain – it's more that Britain has left them. 
It looks as if @JimMFelton has locked his account as we're too "aggressive"  I didn't think he would be so sensitive seeing as he has already seen into the future & witnessed the apocalypse due to Brexit as he takes it upon himself to warn us about daily.  
Ignorance is bliss for the Brexit secretary.The Brexit secretary is blessed with the supreme self-confidence of someone who isn’t aware of how little he actually knows so is always happy to listen to the sound of his own voice.  
Exclusive — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via @BreitbartNews 
Senior cabinet minister @PennyMordaunt has refused to explicitly support the Chequers proposal, as former Brexit secretary @DavidDavisMP warned it could lose the Conservatives the next election#StandUp4Brexit 
Don’t ever let anyone tell you young people don’t care about politics and Brexit. Students at UCL crowding @CarolineLucas, @Andrew_Adonis and @RichardNewby3 at the end of the @OFOCBrexit event! #peoplesvote 
Still have not answered the question:Why has EVERY UK MEP on #bbcqt in recent years been in favour of Brexit?Time you rectified this blindingly obvious bias.Expect to see the following invited:@RCorbettMEP@catherinemep@CharlesTannock@juliegirling@MollyMEP#PeoplesVote 
Budget ‘19 fails to address Brexit fears of northern citizens – Ó Donnghaile  .@NiallSF 
Every race in Wisconsin is a referendum on The Scott Walker Experiment:  
DUP have the gall to talk about economy when businesses have postponed investment, EU nationals who help grow our economy are leaving because of Brexit they support !! And by the way Diane, you've no problem with border in sea for our LGBTQ community & those who need healthcare.  
It's about damn time. Americans want this wall.Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border WallMidterms Become Immigration Referendum via @BreitbartNews 
That’s the opposing view, which I can understand. But whether #brexit is a good idea or not ultimately depends on what deal the government can get. I’d like to decide whether to leave or not when I see the deal. Sounds like common sense to me.  
Since the 2014 independence   referendum; there have two general elections and a EU referendum. In them Scotland voted SNP, SNP and remain. What we got was Tory Government, Tory Government and Hard Brexit. Remember that next time Britnat Yoons howl about "respecting the result" 
John Crace to the rescue!on Dominic Raab's Brexit update:We were back to a variation of Schrodinger’s Brexit, where everything could simultaneously mean something & nothing. See also:Temporary and permanentOctober and NovemberDeal and no-deal 
Confused by where we are on Brexit? You should be. This might help. Or it might make you laugh.  
This is totally awesome!!#BuildThatWall#VoteRedExclusive -- House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum 
The EU doesn't need to punish Britain for leaving; the Brexit referendum did that just fine (via @bopinion) 
The surge in tourists visiting Britain since the referendum has put the UK on course to beat VisitBritain’s target of 40m annual inbound visits a whole two years early. Tourism is now worth a whopping £127bn per year to the British economy.  
A Brexiteer accused Andrea Leadsom of acting “cowardly” by continuing to back Theresa May’s Chequers plan during this turbulent LBC call @IainDale | #Brexit 
Britain to Smash Tourism Target Two Years Early Thanks to "Brexit Effect"  
The British economy as we approach #Brexit#GBBO 
You know what I've been saying about we need a more constructive attitude towards Brexit voters... This is hilarious.  
Very sad day for our hospitality industry with the increase of vat with brexit ahead of us I think a very bad call also rural Ireland going to feel this very badly tough times ahead !!! 
RaabCorbyn "has opened the door to a second referendum. A thinly veiled rouse to reverse #Brexit altogether“It is now clear to every voter that the Labour leadership have trashed their promise at the last election to deliver on Brexit" 
Another car crash for Raaaab - John Redwood channelled his inner alien to insist the Brexit dividend would pay for everything, if it was invested overseas - or on another planet. Steve Baker was just Steve Baker. The stupid person’s Ayn Rand....... 
A London businessman who has been asked by a local council to remove a 100-foot “Bollocks to Brexit” sign above his premises has stepped up his fight  
Packed out at this evening's Brexit discussion with @Andrew_Adonis and @CarolineLucas at @ucl - clear that young people want a #PeoplesVote for a say on their future 
Hi Mark, I’m glad you visited the border but this is what the Canadian border looks like. Free trade is great but it’s not the answer alone as it doesn’t address aviation, customs, regulations & so many more issues #Brexit creates  
Tories producing more brexit policies  
For @theresa_may to press forward ramming this Brexit fraud down our throats whilst covering it up and preventing a police investigation make her the biggest criminal & traitor in British history, worse than Guy Fawkes, Kim Philby,  Roger Mortimer, David Amery, William Joyce.  
Ignorance is bliss for the Brexit secretary  
Peter Brookes on the DUP's fresh blow to Theresa May’s Brexit plans – political cartoon gallery in London  
Predictable that Lammy & Co would be quick to plug ludicrous conspiracy theories about the referendum which he and his fellow remainers lost.  Funny that.  
Former Brexit Minister: 80 Tories Ready Vote Down May's 'Half-in-Half-Out' Brexit | Breitbart           #fo2eu 
I saw someone I used to work with today. He’s been involved in a fairly standard tourism business: they booked overseas accommodation (in Euros) and then took bookings from people in the UK (in GBP). When the drop in the pound exceeded their margin, they went bust. Thanks Brexit. 
5/ So far from #Brexit being British & about sovereignty & immigration it is in reality the tool of a transatlantic project aimed at installing ultra-free market economics & protecting the profits of the fossil fuel industries. No surprise that Putin is a climate-change denier. 
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via @BreitbartNews 
Steve Bell on the DUP's fresh blow to the prime minister's Brexit plans – cartoon  
Anna Soubry - The people that will suffer the most from #Brexit will be the very people that voted for us to leave the #EU... the people that lead us into #brexit will not be losing their jobs & none of them are being held to account.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
2/ The climate science denying GWPF founded by Lord Lawson  is based at #55TuftonSt, the home of several #Brexit supporting and climate change denying organisations including Vote Leave and the opaquely funded TaxPayers Alliance.  
The Government Procurement Agreement - part of the WTO framework - offers a painful reminder that “rolling over” former EU agreements is no legal term. The legal term is “concluding a new agreement”. Others will demand something. First and foremost the “Brexit-friendly” US.  
Insect-filled chocolates, rat hair noodles, and maggoty orange juice: The reality of a #Brexit trade deal with Trump  
I am screwed because I have a services business.  Under Chequers, hard Brexit or WTO, there is no provision for services.  I need visas, carnets (a single carnet means handing over 10 grand to customs) and I literally have to stop selling to the EU.  But blue passports. 
Murkomen: Kenyans are not ready for the referendum; they do not even know what they want to remove #NewsNight 
A week from now we may have a very different idea of what a WTO Brexit will look like, and doubtless some very noisy corporate voices to join our own. Where is the @BBCNews coverage?  
Wasn't it Tory internal wrangling that launched Brexit referendum in the first place, and internal party squabbling continue to hold the UK to ransom? Party before country, seat in the Commons above everything? 
Let's hope this becomes part of a double-pronged attack by the SNP.1. Remind Scots that London is telling *them* that *they* can't have a 2nd Indyref.2. Hammer home to people that the Brexit catastrophe is being *forced* on Scotland against our will. 
The people should have the final say on this disastrous Brexit. That's why the Liberal Democrats are fighting to give the last word on the Brexit deal to the British people, with the option to remain.Join our camapgin today >  
Senior Tories launch concerted attack on May's Brexit plan  
I'd be delighted if you'd point to a relevant passage of text in the Edinburgh Agreement to back that up Murdo.Or is that all you've got?How about providing a positive case for the Union and Brexit?  
Why will Brexit re-invigorate Britain?Because those who make our laws will be fully accountableWe can reclaim our borders and fisheriesWe can seal 45 free trade agreements with countries as large as the USA, China, Japan, India, and Brazil, plus huge trade blocs like CPTTP. 
What do you mean by "knock on effects" of Brexit? It looks to me that this is the core purpose of Brexit, to destroy this country. Riots and fighting for food, that will be the knock on effects. 
Netherlands stands to gain from companies leaving UK after Brexit, Dutch official says  
Brexit Explained  
“Chequers does not deliver the benefits of Brexit and this will be very obvious to the electorate”. This is the only thing that Conservative MPs elected on the 2017 manifesto need to read.  
At the very least US negotiators squeezing very hard on UK accession to key WTO procurement agreement... others objecting too. Accession a key part of Government’s post Brexit trade strategy. Interesting to see what concessions will be made...HT @bbaschuk 
Such an impressive speech! So proud to call you “my first minister”! And again thank you for welcoming us “ foreigners and EU citizens...! Just like you were the only part leader doing this the day after the Brexit vote! 
I love @PimlicoPlumbers #bollockstobrexit #Brexit #pimlicoplumbers #TuesdayThoughts #Wandsworth #London #fuckbrexit #eu pic.twitter.com/2jVA4qsP32 
The #UKEUchallenge welcomes the call from the @fairvoteuk for a public inquiry into the 2016 Referendum.@Suewilson91 
'.....If you asked British people who voted for Brexit what their major fear is....they'll say they fear people coming to their country and taking their things...!  
#HMG has failed to put its version of backstop on the table since last March-why? Because it wants to use Ireland as a bargaining chip in #Brexit negs-it asks for respect  but does not fulfil its commitments  
David Davis scathing letter: Chequers Proposal fails to take back control of our laws, money, borders & trade because of EU common rulebook, EU facilitated customs arrangement & effective subordination to EU court.We must switch to Canada+++#Brexit #EU 
'A visit to @BorderIrish' one summer's day & the MP for the Forest of Dean has #Brexit all wrapped up.How nice for him. So now.A weekend for this chap in Israel/Palestine. Maybe followed by a week among Antarctic ice caps.And then, dear World, we may sleep easy once more.  
Broader issue here is that EU was beyond scope of our national conversation for decades. Until I worked at European Parliament I didn’t have a clue what it was or did. It has taken Brexit for us to begin to understand the functions, strengths and benefits of EU- and all too late  
Exclusive — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  via @BreitbartNews 
@DominicRaab has yet to grasp that the conduct of the referendum 2016 & the Government since has ALREADY created huge mistrust in MPs & our political system.Past time to start putting that right with an HONEST and well conducted referendum on the terms, with an #OptionToRemain 
Please take this #brexit survey for my son’s project: Pros & Cons of Brexit!  It will take literally 1 minute of your time. TIA  
Steve Bell on the DUP's fresh blow to the prime minister's Brexit plans – political cartoon gallery in London  
Doing this would be effectively saying, yes, there were flaws in the 2016 referendum, so we must replicate them in the interests of fairness. Should we have one side get Cambridge Analytica in, lie about Turkey joining, and break electoral law again in the interests of fairness?  
Translation: more than two years after the Brexit vote and despite my time in government I am still making it up as I go along.  
 This blog says the franchise for a future #PeoplesVote should be the same as in 2016. Excluding @The3Million and 60% of @BritishInEurope was  unacceptable then and is even more unacceptable now given what we know about how Brexit will mess our lives up on day 1.#finalsay 
Thanks your prescence was hugely appreciated & @SCER_eu #Brexit fringe with @KirstyS_Hughes & @AlynSmith was a great success  #SNP18 
. @DominicRaab, the Brexit secretary, has tonight "categorically" ruled out an indefinite customs union to resolve Irish border difficulties in the Brexit talks. Significant - Tory MPs and ERG members are listening. 
This is utterly disgusting. Owen Paterson says voters should have believed 'Project Fear' and not the #LeaveLies. There is no honesty and decency among they Tory Brexiters. Their lies are perverting and undermining our democracy. They belong in jail. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
This is brilliant & sums it all up perfectly! #Brexit #Leave #Remain #Remoaners 
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy will introduce a billthis week that willFULLY FUND THE  WALL,thereby setting the midterm elections up as a referendum on immigration policy.ALL 23 Billion Dollars!Fish or cut bait Republicans.#BuildTheWall 
#Brexit mitigation measures announced in Irish budget  
Tomorrow MPs will be debating plans for food and farming after Brexit. Sign this petition to tell them that Agriculture Bill must support farmers who look after animals and the environment, and ensure trade deals won’t allow low-standard food into Britain.  
Can anyone explain to me why the final deal now needs to include “frictionless” Trade? We accepted during the referendum and the general election that leaving would add *some* friction to trade with the EU, even May made that clear in her Lancaster House Speech  
Clinton: Stop ignoring Russian interference in Brexit  
Piers Morgan standing up for Britain on Good Morning, Robert Peston condemning a second referendum. BBC News and Sky News unwatchable because of its left and anti-Brexit bias, maybe I'll give ITV a shot? 
Stephen Daisley on Nicola Sturgeon’s cynical Brexit position  
BREAKING -- McCarthy Introducing Bill to Fully Fund Border Wall, Making Midterm Immigration Referendum  
Like failed football managers, busted politicians pop up again full of new zeal and zero learning. Here's the disgraced ex: Brexit City manager, talking up a deal to make the UK economy 5% smaller and devaste the North and the Midlands.More relegation fodder.#PeoplesVote 
#TheresaMay and Dominic Raab keep demanding “frictionless trade” with the EU after #Brexit   But they want to leave the #customsunion and the #singlemarket - the very tools that enable frictionless trade! 
#Budget19 prepares for Brexit, brings #GlobalIreland 2025 to life through expanding our networks & is a significant step forward on the journey to 0.7% of ODA 
I for one am shocked to the core to learn that Julia Hartley-Brewer who has been shouting about democracy for 2 years on finding out her side criminally cheated didn't immediately demand a second referendum. Gobsmacked  
The Referendum Skunk!  
Concur that legitimate concerns should not be dismissed. The problem is that concerns coming from UUP & DUP are manufactured, and turn what should be a pragmatic, economic intervention to address challenges arising from the Brexit decision into a false constitutional crisis.  
The idea that Scotland should be made to go along with Brexit and abandon any attempt at independence bc England demands it is absurd esp when Brexit was a campaign based on lies and inflammatory behaviour. A campaign we didn’t fall for. 
 via @GuidoFawkesGermans leading economist says that a ‘no deal’Brexit would reduce their exports to the U.K. by 57%.Germany’s equivalent to the CBI say this would lead to a massive crisis in EUThe truth is finally coming out.Please RT this good news 
We're definitely lucky to have you as our leader in Scotland. With Brexit coming, there's no other part of the UK I would want to be in. 
A referendum in Romania was viewed as a way of heading off the legalisation of gay marriages in the future  
Great speech , really inspiring and some much needed optimism amid the despair and disaster of #Brexit. 
"Brexit is about turning inwards, pulling up the drawbridge, retreating from the world. Independence is about being open, outward looking, aspiring to play our full part in the world around us." ~ Nicola Sturgeon #SNP18 
Brexit means a jobs boom!! In government positions covering “civil emergencies of all types”.  
WOWUK Govt is now advertising for "Resilience Advisers for EU Exit Readiness & Response Support" for "emergencies working with police & army".If someone had told me this I wouldn't have believed them.Post #Brexit Britain is gearing up for civil unrest.  
Its all happening at SOAS tonight. About to kick off with my Progressive Economic Forum lecture: Change Britain - Stop Brexit. Will be on the PEF website later if you can’t make it. 
Businessman hits back at council by funding new ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ billboards  
“Liberal democracy is not threatened by Brexit and Trump. The real threat comes from the liberal elite itself, which has given up on the true content of democracy — the people.”Norman Lewis on 21 Lessons for the 21st Century 
"Large numbers of voters have concluded that they are simply no longer in the conversation. Among Brits who felt they were being listened to, the Brexit vote was only 37%; but among those who felt politicians ‘do not listen to people like me’ it was 58%" 
The Government of Catalonia raises the violation of digital rights on the October the 1st referendum by the Spanish State to the European @EUombudsman in Brussels, with minister @jordiPuignero  
If you promised people that Brexit would lead to them being financially better off, you simply have no right to use the phrase "some things are more important than money" now that the economic damage is becoming clear. 
Every UK firm jeopardised by Brexit and the resultant exchange rate fiasco should sue @DavidDavisMP for negligence - and every worker who loses their job too 
Number of times bitter Remoaners have claimed that Russia had an impact on the #Brexit referendum: 17,455Number of times they've shown any evidence to back this up: 0 
The most depressing thing about #Brexit is that it is self-inflicted.But what a glorious sight. A convoy of knuckledraggers heading south, and a convoy of smiley hopful peope heading north  
Don't panic. We've got this. Honestly. Govt hiring civil emergencies staff in case of no deal Brexit. Advert says 9 month post with possible 'extension'... 
Meanwhile@BBCNewsPR as Dimbleby would sayafter a lot of obfuscationlet's get back to the question"why no pro EU MEPs since the referendum (was announced)?Isn't THAT when your mandate for balance would have been most relevant?to THIS questionnot a different one? 
Do you own a business?Do think Brexit is a very bad idea that could ruin it?Inspired by Charlie Mullins @PimlicoPlumbers and his signs@EUflagmafia is now producing 457mm x 686mm plastic corrugated "Bollocks To Brexit" signs for your business to use 
Thinking of setting up a Claims Company. Reckon in a couple of years there'll be around 65 million who'll be seeking to recoup considerable losses from the Tory cabal who force through Brexit. #WhereTheresMuckTheresBrassIf you believe you have been mis-sold Brexit, get in touch! 
 The people of Scotland exercised their right to choose in 2014, voting to stay in the UK . To support independence is Nicola Sturgeon’s democratic right but not to force an unwanted referendum on the Scottish people against their will just because she didn’t like the result.  
The 2018 election is a referendum on Paul Ryan's leadership in the House ad it's not going to be pretty 
Especially when the original point was about Brexit, which if I'm not mistaken wasn't really high on the agenda 20 years ago. 
May is destroying Brexit & most MPs are happy to help. They are using the Chequers plan to in effect overrule the Brexit result. In March 2019 instead of leaving we will be trapped in a transition deal where nothing changes & pay £39bn for the privilege. Brexiteer MP’s must act..  
Remainers who were so quick to attack Brexit voters as stupid, racist and conned by liars and Russians now want them to vote again in their last desperate effort to stay in the EU. But why are they so keen on an institution which shows us so much ill will ? 
20 countries raised concerns on the record for the 1st time about the UK-EU draft post-Brexit WTO commitments in a meeting today, more or less confirming the UK will have to negotiate tariff quotas, with time running out (paywalled) via @Agra_Europe 
So no pro-European MEPs, but numerous appearance by Farage. That’s not objective and balanced - it’s just embarrassing. Out of interest, if you are keen to cover all views, how many #StopBrexit campaigners have you had on since the referendum? 
Back in Dublin as #Budget19 makes its way through the Dáil. Sincere thanks to @AlynSmith & his wonderful team for hosting me in Glasgow for the past few days at #SNP18 as we try to navigate the #Brexit malaise  
The BBC has gone feral, and it is using its external production companies to say "it wasn't us". It's playing its part in Brexit just like the tabloid papers. Except we pay for it to do it. 
It cannot be repeated enough. If they wanted, @UKLabour could have 1001 #Brexit positions. Labour are not in power. Labour do not have a majority. Labour are not negotiating. Instead of attacking @JeremyCorbyn, the @CONservatives should get their party in order. 
Dominic Raab told the House today that the Northern Ireland backstop has to be time-limited. I asked him to tell us which date he has in mind. Incredibly, with just a week to go until the crucial Brussels summit, he was unable to tell us. #brexit  
Five years ago any prime minister would have been forced to resign for what Theresa May has done. But that one referendum seems to have blitzed every standard of public conduct. 
'No decent surgeon would proceed without informed consent.'WATCH: @sarahwollaston is absolutely right to say that the British people need a #PeoplesVote to give their informed consent on the Brexit deal. Please RT & march with us on Oct 20th -  
BIAFRA: The Caliphate Have Succeeded In Replacing Their Late Hitman, Mohammad Buhari With Atiku Abubakar To Continue Their Fulani Agenda; Insists on Referendum - IPOB @radiobiafralive@nlitvin@Amaka_Ekwo@NkirukaNistoran@EveryNigerian via @bloggerever 
BBC Press Team response :We've had loads of pro EU MEP's on.But we couldn't possibly see any relevance on having them contribute to the show in the run up to the Brexit vote, or indeed since. 
DUP support Brexit, regardless of consequences, as they believe that it binds them tightly to the mothership. Variations and divergence between nations have historically been an inherent feature of the UK.Being treated differently is not a red line, it’s a red herring.  
#PeoplesVote The Brexit fantasy is crumbling and more and more MPs want the people to have a final say on Brexit. Let's make it happen by creating the biggest Brexit march EVER -- a joyful, thunderous flood of people marching to take back our future. Join now and invite everyone! 
The secretive ERG and its shady offshore funding. On @MollyMEP's Brexit Syndicate site. It should be absolutely illegal for MPs to form such a secret group, and to use tax-haven & taxpayers money to fund it. #PeoplesVote #brexit #FBPE 
Presumably @NicolaSturgeon missed the 2014 referendum, where we did choose... to stay in the Union.  
IPOB rejects VP slot for S’ East, insists on referendum for Biafra’s exit  
.@SteveBakerHW urges the Government to change its approach to the Brexit negotiations and seek a Canada + deal with the EU.  
Key moment in Brexit statement.Steve Baker asked Raab why not back Canada ++++. Raab said EU not offering that and any deal had to match pledge for no hard border ‘which he signed up to when he was in government’. Ouch. 
You have to laugh at this.  Well done Charlie. My Boolocks to Brexit is on my phone and no one yet challenged me on it!  
Peston is right - heads should roll at BBC Politics for this 'Brexit-enabling' bullshit best characterised by BBC Question Time, Marr Show, Andrew 'Addison Club' Neil and John 'bloody foreigners' Humphries - retire them and get people who reflect Britain @RobBurl @TonyHallBBCDG 
I bought British Boxers' products on account of their anti-DM / Brexit stance. I will continue to buy them because of their stance and inherent quality. Lose one customer, gain ten.  
Spoke to Dutch foreign minister Stef Blok today. His mother housed British soldiers during Market Garden in WW2, but he made it clear that he won't go soft on the UK over Brexit as it's a "lose-lose" scenario... 
David Davis has warned Tory MPs they face “dire electoral consequences” if Theresa May’s Brexit plan is pursued. @Nigel_Farage asks: Is he right? Listen: 
A very strong, confident and measured speech from Nicola this afternoon. Perhaps tempered by the reality that the UK’s Brexit deal (or no deal) will crystallise in a matter of weeks. So a really tough speech to give with so much pending. 
BBC you are a disgrace and I really object to part of my license fee going to this idiot. Come the Brexit enquiry those responsible at the BBC will be outed and hopefully fired.  
No case for keeping us either in single market (free movement, EU regs) or customs union (tariff walls. Michael Gove made this quite clear during the referendum when he set out the Vote Leave economic case in a keynote speech.  
The situation is a prime example of how a seemingly minor, unintended consequence of Brexit is threatening to create significant disruptions for U.K.-based companies that do business abroad. 15/ 
“It is in our party’s interest, and crucially our national interest, that we reset our negotiating position immediately and deliver a Brexit that meets the demands of the referendum and interests of the British people” @DavidDavisMP#StandUp4Brexit 
Everything you need to know about The Independent and @peoplesvote_uk Brexit march next weekend  
i'm pretty stoked for the new Disney movie "Brexit Ralph" 
Arlene Foster is in Brussels demanding to read the text of any Brexit deal. When asked at the RHI Inquiry if she had read the text of the RHI regulations before asking MLAs to vote for them she said “No. No, I didn’t.....I didn’t read the regulations.”  
Asked by @AmberRuddHR about the incredibly serious risks to national security of a no deal Brexit, Dominic Raab breezily says there would be "countervailing opportunities". Utterly reckless. Frighteningly ignorant. 
The DUP are now openly threatening the Brexit negotiator in the House of Commons with bringing down the Government if No Deal is not carried out. What a time to be a alive. 
There’s a report circulating about the German car industry taking a €3billion hit in the event of a no deal Brexit. Though this appears pantwettingly exciting to Brexit freaks, the reality is this a drop in the ocean to the industry - 0.7% of last year’s output in fact.  
What I’d like to know is why does that bigoted idiot Foster who is a minority leader in NI get to make more of a noise about Brexit than the actual Forst Minister of Scotland? We are getting silenced MSM, our views don’t count #DissolveTheUnion 
UK is "expediting" a no-deal plan in case EU fails to "match the ambition and pragmatism that we have shown" - #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab  
Keir Starmer - "No government has the right to plunge the country into chaos as a result of its own failure". #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
“Bollocks To Brexit” message spreads across the Capital & beyond.@PimlicoPlumbers in @PMPmagToday#Brexit #BollocksToBrexit #PeoplesVote @PeoplesVote_UK @The3Million@thatginamiller @mrjamesob @Andrew_Adonis @BestForBritain@GuitarMoog @chrisgreybrexit 
Let’s not forget this young man!! 
Concerted & orchestrated barracking by Tory MPs of @Keir_Starmer in Commons #Brexit statement. New tactic. Shows how worried the Tories & their hard Brexiteer puppet masters now are. #BrexitShambles #peoplesvote 
AND Brexit! 
Keir Starmer tells Dominic Raab he would "happily swap sides" and take control of the Brexit negotiations. Sitting next to him, Emily Thornberry shouts "move over!" 
Now the Labour and Tory backbenchers are screaming at each other across the Chamber... as if either of them had a policy to deal with #Brexit at all. #voteSNP 
"We continue to press our case" - UK's Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says he is "confident" about reaching a #Brexit deal "this autumn"  
'Never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few' - Sturgeon uses Churchill to slam Brexit - Politics live  
Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab up in Commons making a statement on Brexit progress after Salzburg - confirms unilateral guarantee for 3m EU citizens in UK 
Encouraged. The BBC has an agenda. It may have been terrified or otherwise squeezed into having that agenda or it may have chosen it. But either way it has an agenda. And that agenda is anti-EU and pro-#Brexit. 
October 20: The day we march for our right to have a final say on #Brexit.   
Back from @theSNP conference and in the Chamber to hear a statement on #Brexit  Apparently the #EU need to match the "ambition" of the UK! While simultaneously planning for a No Deal #Brexit . Dreadful stuff. 
So dimwitted Brexshitter @DavidDavisMP, who was paid a substantial amount of money only to be shit at his job, says the Brexit deal that his incompetence has led to will be a disaster.In previous centuries this man would have been flogged and thrown in jail  
Just walked over London Bridge and saw people handing out “march with us and say no to Brexit”We should all, as West Ham fans, get together and march to get the FA Cup 2006 Final replayed as we didn’t like the result. March to get us silverware. 
Peter Schrank on  #theresaMaydancing but really #arlenefoster of the #DUP calls the tune on #Brexit. At least as to the crucial question of the Irish border – political cartoon gallery in London  
I have friends whose definition of "Doing OK" has now reached "we'll be able to pay this month's wage bill". You don't have to be an importer or exporter to be hit by the knock-on effects of Brexit. 
The Question Time audience is always packed with Quitlings and Gammons who shout down anyone who says anything in support of the EU or Europe in general. I have not been able to watch it since the time of the Advisory Referendum, which has been so badly abused by the Government. 
This is Kenyan media for you. Do these two fellows and hosts of Hussein Mohamed at @citizentvkenya even have a clue on what a referendum is? Some media houses are simply unregistered political parties!  
Very important discussion on RTÉ about the rights of Irish citizens in NI post-Brexit. Ensuring these are safeguarded must be a focus for the Irish govt.  
#HillaryClinton calls out #Putin over Russian interference in #Brexit referendum  - why doesn’t UK itself investigate? Is government too fearful it would discredit #brexitresult ? 
Dear Mr Davis, You state that Theresa May's Brexit proposal will deliver none of the benefits of Brexit. I have been writing to you for 2 years asking you for just one specific benefit & you have not given me or the British public an answer, so I ask again.  
#ChequersBetrayal will NOT stop open door immigration of EU citizens into the UK.#ChuckChequers & get the #Brexit we voted for, that included the END of freedom of movement.@ForBritainParty is the only party that will stop ALL immigration. 
Don’t see an election, bar a banana skin. Much huffing and puffing on both sides followed by another year of confidence and supply. Brexit hanging over us like a dark cloud. 
On MY TAKE Tonight, Its more than certain that the referendum will happen, the challenge however is how and when, we reflect on why it should be bigger than the egos, why its about the country #Sidebar @ntvkenya 
So sad #Brexit has caused so much damage, heartache, splitting people apart, job losses etc etc. It's a good thing the majority now want a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit 
#newsflash in case you missed it, the SNP held this referendum in 2014, Scotland voted against it. Now if you want to be democratic then respect the result 
Lovely analogy by James Meek in @LRB - England’s two folk myths, Robin Hood and St George, are fundamentally different, and Brexit rhetoric  taps into the latter  
Thank you @HillaryClinton for adding your voice to the growing number of people calling for a public inquiry into the referendum in the UK. It is clear that our votes have been compromised so why won't our PM act? Read more about our legal claim here:  
VIDEO: From Brexit to new brands - find out all the key headlines from the first day of the Abta Travel Convention:  #ABTAseville 
IPOB rejects VP slot for S’ East, insists on referendum for Biafra’s exit The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) said that it was not interested in who clinches which party ticket or becomes president or vice in 2019 general election but wants #Referendum 
Destabilising identities at home: Racialisation and intersectionality in a Brexit-Windrush landscape: Join Ann Phoenix, Professor of Psychosocial Studies at @ucl, for this year’s  lecture on 23 October:   @helsinkiuni/Veikko Somerpuro 
This is the point though; the EU doesn't punch above its weight. It weakens NATO by trying to replace it. By being overly bureaucratic and doing things it shouldn't the EU is a danger to security and foreign policy #Russia #Brexit 
This is a slippery answer. You need to own up to #BBC's part in creating this #Brexit disaster. The electorate are poorly informed about the #EU. Please re-visit the Reithian doctrine of the BBC's purpose, namely to inform, educate and entertain. That's why we pay you! #BBCbias 
This must be the joke of the year, how can @KenMijungu host the likes of Hon. @OAmollo an intellectual alongside Sabina Joy, sorry I mean Sabina Chege on issues of Referendum. @Asamoh_ could have added more value on the panel. #Sidebar 
'The Conservatives have made a complete mess of Brexit - Labour have kept a public vote with an option to remain on the table'. Great from @RupaHuq on Brexit, Labour and a public vote. #StopToryBrexit 
The #Sidebar bench today keeps getting better! The ultimate panel will set the referendum question- straight tonight from 10 PM. @KenMijungu hosts @OAmollo, @Wakabando, @SABINACHEGE and @Araap_Sang from 10PM. It's Bold. It's Open. It's Candid. It's #Sidebar 
Clinton should be trying to find out why the Democrats lost millions of working-class voters in the States rather than poking her nose into why millions of working-class people voted for Brexit over here.  
The EU is desperate for a deal: The boss of the BDI – Germany’s equivalent of the CBI – has now warned that a “disorderly Brexit” would be a “massive crisis” for the EU.Why is the UK Government acting like we’re a supplicant in these negotiations?  
'Never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few' - Nicola Sturgeon on #brexit.  #fbpe #peoplesvote #stopbrexit 
Ironically in 2014 we were being asked to Vote No for the best of both worlds and now a no deal Brexit leaves us with the worst of both worlds. 
Anyone who thinks that speech by @NicolaSturgeon was flat or low key needs to clean their ears.That was brilliant, and i believe exactly what Scotland needed to hear as momentum to affect change due to impending Brexit effects in Scotland.We can be better, we will be better! 
6. Leavers should be able to support Brexit and defend Britain against the machinations of a hostile foreign power. In practice they fear it would discredit the referendum result. For where would their story of national liberation be if it turned out Putin was writing the script? 
Didn't catch the bleating VPL's speech at #SNP18.Any mention of her meetings with Alex Salmond?Drug death stats?Mental health tragedies, SNHS waiting times ?Plummeting school standards, teachers' strike?Losing 2014 referendum?#indyref2 date?New currency?Thought not. 
#Brexit just got weird again...The DUP’s Brexit agenda has reached a bizarre new low with the party’s MEP Diane Dodds today seemingly ruling out any checks on lasagne, Sinn Féin MLA Máirtín Ó Muilleoir has said. 
4. Then there's the politics. The Tories and Labour are committed to Brexit do they want an investigation into all those meetings between the Russian embassy and the  campaign 
Oh my.Sturgeon.Independence is about being open, outward looking, aspiring to play our full part in the world around us."Johnson'Brexit is about...the UK as an open, outward-looking global economy.' 
As a ex #Brexit voter I will take a #Peoplesvote with a #Remain option, forget an inferior deal. 
Oh FFS. Brian Taylor on #BBC now trying to say that SNP will be the  'midwives' of a no deal #Brexit if they vote down any deal that does not  include SM and CU access.No deal will be the fault of the #SNP18 apparently.Ludicrous assertion. 
She may have dropped the word from her conference speech but Theresa May remains hell-bent on forcing through her dreadful Chequers plan that will see us Brexit in name only.As @LizBilney says, "#ChuckChequers and move over @Theresa_May. It's time for a Brexiteer to lead!"  
Bollocks To Brexit - 22 Locations Across London  via @yahooNewsUK 
1. "I don't understand why the press, the political establishment and the  public are so reluctant to call out what the Russians have been doing.  What they did in Brexit, what they did in the United States"  
Romania: referendum to ban same sex union fails. We'd like to thank our Alec Secareanu for speaking out against discrimination in his own country @AlecSecareanu @gocfilm  
Rolls Royce expands its British workforce to record high and remains "fully committed" to Great Britain as it ramps up for more exports of its luxury cars beyond Brexit.  Read more at  Support us at  
Nicola Sturgeon on the Tories & Brexit: “Never has so much been lost by so many, to satisfy so few."She is, by a country mile, the most impressive political leader in the UK right now.  
Well, there was more than a nod to independence there. NS said everything possible except naming the day of the referendum. Indy is coming. She is certain. I am certain. You are certain. We need now to convince everyone we meet of that certainty and why we aspire to independence. 
Nicola Sturgeon, during her closing speech at SNP conference, spoke at length on the NHS, Brexit and independence. But despite saying again that education was the govt's No 1 priority, it only got a few seconds of passing mentions. 
Absolutely brilliant twist on churchill's famous speech from the FM on Brexit:“never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few” 
Chequers deal rejected by EU, ERG, Tory members, DUP, SNP, Labour & @LibDems Compromise fudge will not pass through Parliament. #PeoplesVote only way to break the deadlock. If leavers think #Brexit is the will of the people why are they so scared? 
Nicola Sturgeon on Brexit - "Never has so much been lost, by so many, to satisfy so few". #SNP18 #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Davis warns May of 'dire consequences' without #Brexit rethink  
No10 on Clinton hint of Russian interference in Brexit vote "We have not seen any evidence of any successful direct interference in the UK democratic process".Asked if any "unsuccessful" interference or to define 'direct', PM spksman ducks Qs 
Nicola Sturgeon: "Brexit is about turning inwards, pulling up the drawbridge, retreating from the world. Independence is about being open, outward looking, aspiring to play our full part in the world around us." #SNP18 
'For those on both sides of the Brexit negotiating table who have said that there can’t be any infrastructure on or near the border, I’m afraid I have news for you – it’s there already,' writes Mark Harper  
.@NicolaSturgeon: "Never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few." #SNP18 #Brexit 
Politicians are quick to label online interactions as ‘abusive’. One Tory MP rang the police on a constituent over a disagreement about Brexit. When MPs say they want to curb ‘abuse’, they effectively want to outlaw criticism, says @FraserMyers 
On #brexit: “when the history books are written... the verdict will be damning: never has so much been lost by so many to satisfy so few”  
FM: 838 days since the Brexit referendum happened. Just 171 days until exit. And yet no one has any idea what the UK’s future relationship with the EU will be. That is a disgraceful failure of leadership. #SNP18 
Doesn't explain why you have Fact Lite Farage so often (only ever 1 or 2 MP) but no MEP who actually could defend EU.  It's been obvious for a long time how little MPs understand EU so been 28 Months to have a pro EU MEP on when Brexit has been the major topic.  @bbcquestiontime 
Nicola Sturgeon talks about the way Scotland's Brexit vote has been taken into account as a democratic deficit. Wrong it was a UK wide vote. A democratic deficit is when the governing party is defeated at Holyrood on a particular issue/s and disregard the vote. Ring any bells? 
Great news for those who want to go to the march. Free buses, find out where your nearest one. And if you are going please represent those that can't make it this time. A name tag on your coat, just to show how many other people want to stop #Brexit . #MarchForMe 
Hilary Clinton calls Putin out on Brexit . Not the U.K. PM May , not the U.K. FS J Hunt , not the U.K. govt , not the U.K. opposition leader Corbyn. God I can’t wait till we #StopBrexit and see this cabal in the dock. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit  
Only a paltry 40 Tory MPs are up to the challenge of rejecting @theresa_may's Chequers stitch up.  Write to your MP today if you would like to give them some encouragement to respect the referendum result  
Bank of England warns EU over Brexit risk to financial stability  
Sturgeon is a much stronger leader than May or Corbyn. She is also leading a government pursuing the sort of progressive policies we need across the UK. She and her party are also against Brexit, what’s not to like?! @theSNP 
DUP leader Arlene Foster is asked by Channel 4 News Europe Editor Matt Frei if she is prepared to see a Brexit deal "go up in smoke because of your red lines".She says she doesn't want "Northern Ireland going off in a different direction from the rest of the UK".  
People of Northern Ireland who voted for Brexit need to understand: most English Brexiters don't give a toss about NI. They don't give a toss if there's a hard border. They don't give a toss if The Troubles start again. They don't give a toss about YOU. Sorry, but it's true.  
A challenge to the Remainers and Reversers - Why do you want to subject the British voter to be governed by other countries? Why do you want to abandon democratic self-government instructed by the referendum? 
 WATCH: this Scottish nationalist admits cancelling Brexit "would be the most embarrassing thing for Britain to ever actually do" - it would leave the EU calling all the shots!   
BREAKING: At #SNP18 resolution on seperating #citizensrights, ring-fencing them, from #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement to protect EU citizens in the UK from potential no deal passed by @theSNPThanks @SNPClacksEast & @AlynSmith.Over to Westminster to deliver. 
The British people already had their say and they voted LEAVE. Retweet if you believe London deserves a real Mayor who actually gives a damn about British citizens and what they voted for #Brexit.  
DUP leader Foster issues Brussels #Brexit warning  
Brexit will hurt businesses up and down the country, from big firms to family enterprises. The local high street of Aberdare, Wales, is no different. Hear the stories of the local shopkeepers and share with your friends.  
Drip Drip Drip. The boiling frog is such a cruel analogy for Brexit that I hate to use it but it describes it perfectly. If the deterioration happens slowly enough, there isn't a moment when people realize. Until it is too late. Let's not go there. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
And the EU isn’t just about Brexit. MEPs work on legislation impacting everything from the environment, agriculture, science etc. Perhaps If we had more informed debate about what the EU actually does over last 20 years we wouldn’t be dealing with it via Remain vs Leave.  
Businessman hits back at council by funding new ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ billboards  
The unelected Lords seek to block Scotland’s right to have a democratic referendum  That’s the state of Democracy at UK level. #democraticdefecit #ironic #desperate 
You know how I started banging on about how Brexit is really bad for Northern Ireland about a month ago... It's because of conversations like this one....  
Whoever steers Britain into its post-Brexit era will face a grim task  
He wants to turn the SCOTUS vote into a referendum on BK’s “innocence” instead of what it was: a vote for power over the court, a vote for a regressive, cruel agenda, a vote for control over Trump’s fate. More insurance against indictment. This was about Trump, as everything is. 
Why is Charlie Mullins OBE not being joined by many more business and wealth creators in his public, direct and admirable campaign against Brexit? It's time many more stood up, spoke out and were counted !  
Another passionate speech from @AlynSmith on protecting EU citizens rights "You're here, you're one of us" #Brexit #SNP18 
The Conservatives were elected on a manifesto to deliver Brexit. David Davis is right, continue down the Chequers road and they will pay the price at the ballot box. Voters aren't a fan of betrayal, @Theresa_May!Support us at  
"A university has won a year-long fight after a Conservative MP and leading Brexiteer wrote to universities across the UK asking for the names of lecturers teaching courses on Brexit and the content of their lessons."  
"If it was up to me, we'd be independent yesterday, and failing that, we'd be independent tomorrow."Nicola Sturgeon says "patience" is needed before she makes a decision on a second Scottish independence referendum.  
The European public strongly supports the EU's negotiating stance on Brexit 
They're coming for all our rights, folks. Cliff-edge Brexit, no deal, offshore tax haven for the uber-wealthy, minimum wage gone, health & safety gone, paid hols and maternity leave gone, civil liberties & human rights, gone. They are turning us into a cold, miserable China-lite.  
They are not the first & they won't be the last. Did any of the others have to leave? No, so why should Seann & Katya? For goodness sake, it was a drunken kiss. At least it has kept Brexit off the front pages! 
One of scandals of #Brexit is refusal by May & Corbyn to acknowledge issue of Russian interference. UK’s under attack, yet Corbyn won’t demand & May won’t order an investigation, due to their own political interests. We live in dangerous times. 
Can't believe I didn't think of this before - I've realised how the so-called People's Vote campaign could convince us that a 2nd referendum would be binding this time - they cd put a paragraph like this in a letter & send it to everyone in the UK! Or is this just too crazy..?  
Good piece; my simple contention is that Brexit will do more harm to public trust in politics than no Brexit.The divisions that led to the vote will be exacerbated by it, not healed.Life will be harder for many; the populists will shift blame for this onto their next target.  
‘The EU doesn’t need to punish Britain for leaving; the referendum did that just fine.Latest figures show the warnings of economic self-harm Brexiters derided as Project Fear are fast becoming real’#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
"It is time for the EU to move and move substantively," the DUP MP rounds off on Brexit, "If they do not, then we may have to listen to the advice of President John F Kennedy that: “We cannot negotiate with people who say what's mine is mine and what's yours is negotiable.” 
DUP not holding back. Trade spokesperson @little_pengelly warns EU wants to make Northern Ireland "prisoner", a "vassal" and to have it "left outside looking in at the meal" enjoyed by GB post-Brexit  
Hats off to Steve Coogan, Patrick Kielty, Ian McEwan, Alastair Campbell, Eddie Izzard, Sir Patrick Stewart and Delia Smith who are on the list of sponsors to help pay for protesters to travel to London for the anti-Brexit #PeopleVoteMarch on October 20th. 
Dear God, the pant-suited psycho, & likely the only candidate that could've lost to Trump, is still babbling on about the Russians. Now calling for a Brexit Mueller-style inquiry.  Mind your own business you non-entity & ponder why you really lost.   
"Arlene Foster, the leader of the Democratic Unionist party, has dampened hopes of a Brexit compromise by insisting Northern Ireland cannot be treated differently to the rest of the UK."  
READ | @Arron_Banks pens letter to the prime minister welcoming an investigation into alleged Russian involvement in Brexit referendum: "We would welcome a full investigation by the appropriate agency to put these allegations to bed once and for all." 
I'm so serious about how horrific Brexit will be, that I know I have to do all I can to try and end this charade! I've taken our #BollockstoBrexit message to the streets of London, and I will not rest until I have done everything possible to stop #Brexit!  
Dutch King Willem-Alexander regrets #Brexit turbulence  
Hillary Clinton joins DamianCollins and Tom Watson in calling for a public inquiry into the EU Referendum. 
.@DavidDavisMP to Tory MPs: If we stay on our current trajectory we will go into the next election having delivered none of the benefits of Brexit, with the country being a rule-taker from Brussels, and having failed to deliver manifesto promises and the Lancaster House speech.  
87 Percent of Leave Voters in Northern Ireland Say Delivering Brexit More Important than ‘Peace Process’   
"The Brexit effect on our research reputation could be catastrophic, and given that high quality research underpins better cancer outcomes, we risk undermining the cancer care of our patients." 
“Brexit is a disaster; a disaster for the law and a disaster for women. I think this is going to take us into a really terrible place.”Brilliant profile of Helena Kennedy QC 
A black day for Irish restaurant industry Jobs will be lost, local suppliers will go out of business ,When pascal did his economic report on our industry did they go to rural Ireland ?Is this getting Ireland brexit ready ?Disgraceful! @BGriffinTD @Paschald 
I showed my Irish passport application. Then they laughed when they saw a bollocks to Brexit stickers on my passport ... then I gave  them all bollocks to Brexit stickers ! Be prepared - carry stickers ...... 
Very good meeting with Martijn de Grave at @NLatEU where we expressed the need to guarantee the rights of @The3Million EU citizens in the UK, and @BritishInEurope by a joint EU-UK international treaty under Article 50, in all Brexit circumstances.  
 DD writes to Tory MPs to say May is heading for defeat at next election because of her Brexit policy.... pic.twitter.com/nV4WvEN2mJ 
People still backing #Brexit are actually supporting a Russian offensive on U.K.& Europe.Why are the press, political establishment &public so reluctant to call out what Russians have been doing in USA and UK? 
@mrjamesob repeats John Major's view that the NHS is not safe after Brexit. And he's right.  
Theresa May's Festival of Brexit is a symbolic declaration of war on more than half the country. She may find that she has pushed the reasonable patience of Remainers too far. How many insults and how much abuse should we take? #brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
'Arlene Foster has insisted Northern Ireland can't be treated differently from the rest of the UK.'Except when it comes to equal marriage and abortion, she failed to add.#Brexit #bbcnews 
I'm looking to speak to people in Northern Ireland who now regret voting for #Brexit. Please get in touch if you can help out. Thank you #journorequests 
Brexit Britain to Smash Tourism Target Two Years Early  
‘@Arron_banks: ‘We have been subject to an aggressive campaign to discredit Brexit and suggest our campaign finance was compromised by overseas money from Russia in order to discredit the referendum result.’  
Hmm ... So the Dutch King himself is visiting the UK in order to meet Dutch businesses and citizens here concerned about Brexit.Any chance of the UK government showing the same concern for UK citizens living in the EU27?#FBPE     
"There are five basic scenarios in which a referendum might be triggered" and "three viable options to put to a referendum"  #PeoplesVote 
Plaid Cymru leader @Adamprice says @fmwales has failed to be a strong voice for Wales and criticises him for abandoning office at a critical time in Wales' history. He challenges him and @WelshGovernment NOT to repeal the 'continuity bill' to protect Welsh powers after Brexit.  
“I would be amazed if there were not more resignations in two circumstances…” @SteveBakerHW tells me, when I asked about a ‘softening of the Chequers plan’ #Brexit  
The Bank of England has just warned that the owners of up to £41tn of derivatives contracts maturing after Brexit risk falling foul of European law.  
WATCH: Damien McGenity, a farmer from Forkhill, on the now invisible border in NI. Telling us why Brexit will be a disaster & why he's backing our campaign in NI for a #PeoplesVote RT to spread this crucial message 
Details murky but seems May is planning mix of soft Brexit and sea border: customs union for whole UK and no single market for GB.But to do this she must convince both hardliners and Remainers that they’ll get what they want. They won’t. Customs union is forever.Me on LBC:  
Isn't it odd that (crowdfunded) @bellingcat appear to be doing what (UK taxpayer-funded) MI6 should be doing? Maybe MI6 are too busy investigating CA/FB/AIQ/Legatum's involvement in data-mining/ vote-rigging in our 2016 Referendum. !#AllQuietInWestminster#WithdrawA50 
It now seems clear that at least some actors that like brexit knew that notify first, force a decision later wasn’t constitutionally straight up. But they seem to have felt it was acceptable and legitimate to swerve the constitution in this way.Quite an upsetting realisation 
It's about time we start supporting the people who are now supporting Brexit. Nigel Farage is speaking on Monday in Bournemouth. We have JRM saying they will vote against Chequers. Boris is doing the same. The forgotten 2 in this is David Davis and Peter Bone true Brexit men. 
Liam Fox calls this a "scare story" and insists UK won't lower food standards as part of any Brexit trade deal, but previously said he has "no objection" to doing so.  
Listen to Hillary Clinton, 'The whole world knows Putin's Russia is waging cyber warfare to influence elections and referendums. Kremlin backed hackers & PROPAGANDISTS have sought to inflame divisions and advance an extreme right-wing agenda" Brexit is not the will of the people.  
“Brexit will have real-world implications for millions of people, yet Johnson can’t even grant them basic honesty and respect”  
Chequers means the UK would only be able to sign limited deals with other countries & not make full trade deals as May's plan is slammed by former Australian High Commissioner. We are being betrayed because bilateral FTAs are a key benefit of Brexit..  
I haven't got a business to worry about but even simple decisions are on hold here. Whether to put the house up for sale? Book a holiday? Cash in shares before Brexit? Buy new goods? Stockpile food/medications Etc. All these plans on hold have an impact on the economy somehow. 
/ It could be a powerful means of  bouncing Westminster into agreeing a new indyref. SNP (after general election majority): "We have a mandate to negotiate independence"UK Gov: "Sorry, you need a referendum win"SNP: "Then let us have a referendum."UKGov: "Er.." 
Whilst @theresa_may  works on her dance moves, in less than two weeks we will be taking to the streets to march for a final say on Brexit. Join us on Saturday 20 October at the People's Vote March and make sure students are too loud to ignore. @AmateyDoku @peoplesvote_uk 
Thanks for directing my attention to a story I had otherwise missed. Now rather than issue meaningless rebuttals that are damaging trust can I suggest actual engagement in the topic of food standards in post-Brexit trade agreements...  
Why shouldScotland & Northern Ireland have political rights denied to Wales and the English regions? Once #brexit is kicked into the dustbin of history, we should curb Westminster's excessive powers by giving Wales & the English regions the powers currently granted to Scotland. 
@Arron_banks has written to  @10DowningStreet welcoming a full investigation into Russia/Brexit funding. @HillaryClinton @carolecadwalla @tom_watson @BenPBradshaw @DamianCollins @realDonaldTrump @Nigel_Farage @AtlanticCouncil @LeaveEUOfficial we have nothing to hide. 
The game all along:•bullying by incremental demands•grinding away at Cameron until he offered a referendum•pantomime of waiting for his renegotiation•alas, it was not good enoughNow same with May: chivvying her towards a cliff edgeBy @rafaelbehr 
"because you're obsessed with immigration and Brussels."More generalisations and assumptions from an increasingly more unhinged James O'Brien.Privatisation obviously needs reversing in the NHS. But this obsessive dig at Brexit voters is making LBC toxic during O'Brien hours. 
May gathers Cabinet as Tory MPs demand PM drops Chequers Brexit deal  
I am so glad he is very upset. I am very upset about Brexit & the way the Brexiters are turbo-charging Europe’s neo fascists  
Today's intervention by @HillaryClinton on Russian involvement in the EU referendum exposes our government's deafening silence. She's right. It's time the UK govt launched a full Mueller-style inquiry into Russian efforts to meddle in our democracy.  
Are you up to our ten-second Brexit challenge?@EdConwaySky @faisalislam @Stone_SkyNews and @tamcohen do their best to describe Brexit's toughest terms.To get all the jargon explained, head here:  
Bank of England warns EU over Brexit risk to financial stability  
At #SNP18 fringe @AlynSmith praises all politicians taking Article 50 court case for sinking party differences & making powerful common cause to help stop Brexit. Impressed Alyn is taking alternate male & female questioners 
Owen. Exactly five years ago today, on 9th October 2013, you went on TV and said “The badgers moved the goalposts.” Nothing you’ve said since then has any credibility, least of all this blatant moving of the Brexit goalposts. Which you are at least capable of. Unlike a badger.  
How about we tell the PM @10DowningStreet and her @number10press what we think about #Brexit ??I'll kick things off with . . . . .@campbellclaret 
Businessman hits back at council by funding new ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ billboards  
Democracy in Britain would die with a second referendum. Exit hard and exit now.  
It’s another reason we need to give people a #FinalSay. If we’re going to Brexit, we need a People’s Brexit. Not a hashed-together fudge that both Brexiteers and Remainers would have rejected two years ago. If we force that through against reality and good sense we won’t recover 
I am 33, I will be at #PeoplesVoteMarch. If you are in my generation, step up, get involved, this is your own & your kids futures on the line.If brexit happens & is a disaster, what will you say you did to prevent it? I want to look my kids in the eye & say I did what I could.  
“In the British system anything is possible given the political will. The current level of interest in a further referendum on #Brexit makes it vital that serious consideration is given to all possible scenarios” – Unit Director Prof. Meg Russell @UKandEU pic.twitter.com/7ZET44xRpf 
“Ireland has gone from being net recipient of EU funds to net contributor. Despite what Brexiteers say, Ireland regards that as a badge of pride.” Massive applause for Chair of Irish Brexit ctte Senator @nealerichmond at #snp18 
Yes. Obviously I’d prefer a second ref. followed by remaining - the difference being we’d then have influence as we do today. The irony of the Brexit vote, if this scenario plays out, is that nothing much will change other than we’ll have lost control rather than ‘taken it back’! 
Voters in Scotland have a message for Theresa May: Do not to stand in the way of a second referendum on Scottish independence. 
Today, #Arelenefoster let the EU know how the 17th century feels about Brexit and the burning of witches. 
Chair of Irish Brexit ctte Senator @nealerichmond wows #snp18 fringe. Reveals Ireland has dramatically reduced economic dependence on UK. Export destinations are EU, US, then UK. But most important export has been people. Happily that’s largely ended & 92% Irish people back EU 
Kiel economics institute is warning about the massive costs of cliff-edge Brexit for Germany. Debate is only just starting.  
The wrong Brexit deal will allow our rights to be watered down by politicians who don't care about working people. We need a common rule book - and the best way to achieve that is through the single market.  
"Distortion of the truth"Says the Brexiter who sold the lie of £350m a week for the NHS, and then after the frauderendum called for public spending to be slashed.No Labour MP should hand over our hard won rights to these fanatics. We must vote against a Tory Brexit.  
An analysis of where government and Parliament may end up on brexit from @PeterKellner1 - pretty much what I would guess if I had to put my money on something - a long, probably never ending transition phase where not much changes. 
Unionists will try to delay #ScotRef hoping the damage from Brexit and more UK austerity will take its toll on an @theSNP government that can’t borrow or affect UK budget policy. They will happily see Scotland run into the ground if they can make SNP look bad and regain power! 
The PM is too weak to come before Parliament to answer questions on Brexit, while her cabinet's divisions are causing ever increasing instability.Feels like a long time since @theresa_may said she was 'strong and stable'! 
UK MUSICIANS: Brexit will seriously hamper our ability to tour through the EU.LEAVERS: Rubbish! The Beatles toured Hamburg before we joined the EU!REALITY: Hamburg lay in the former British Occupied Zone in Germany. We still had our troops there in 1962, so travel was easy  
The replies to this tweet are pretty vicious from the #FBPE lot.Reminder to them: there are 171 days until #Brexit without any opportunity now to hold a second referendum, or to overturn the result! Just rejoice at that news!  
BUSTED: Blair & Major claimed before referendum that Leave vote could break up UK. Prof John Curtice just confirmed that on Scottish independence “there are no signs that support has increased in the wake of Brexit”. More Project Fear garbage.  
NO, the only real problem is that those who ILLEGALLY PROCURED the referendum are part of or involved with the UK Government and now that the wheels have come off they'll do ANYTHING literally ANYTHING to avoid responsibility and face the punitive consequences..EU will halt A50.  
Hi @Jo_Coburn. As you have @SteveBakerHW on #politicslive could you ask him what he meant in this briefing issued by him just before the referendum in which he explicitly refers to staying in the Single Market or the Customs Union as perfectly reasonable #Brexit outcomes? Thanks.  
This means that regardless of Theresa May's negotiations for Any Deal will be in vain, given SNP, Lab, Libs and Tory-rebels indicating to vote against - so Hard Brexit is very likely arriving in March (5months time) and should cause earlier #indyref2 
Helena Kennedy: ‘Brexit is a disaster for women’  
ATIKU HAS PDP TICKET, BUHARI HAS APC TICKET, NNAMDI KANU HAS BIAFRA TICKET FOR REFERENDUM.THE CHOICE OF WHOM TO VOTE FOR IS YOURS.  
.@M_AndersonSF calling on the Irish government to protect the rights of the people of the north from Brexit while hosting a conference in London  
"Hillary Clinton" sticking her foul discredited nose in about Brexit, Hungary, Conservatives and British politics. Remainiacs - when your salivating at a loser and crook like HRC supporting your dying Globalist view you are beyond parody 
More unsurprising #Brexit news on #workersrights. Institute for Public Policy Research warns that proposed non-regression clauses to ensure there will be no roll-back of rights will not be a strong enough protection for workers. #ukemplaw #equality 
Within a matter of DAY of the #Brexit result - Remainiacs had launched a 2nd referendum petition. They had not even formed any reason for it other than they don't care about democracy. All arguments about lies, racism, stupid voters etc...came AFTER this. They are charlatans. 
WATCH: Chisi is marching for a People's Vote because she wants to protect Erasmus after #Brexit.  Make sure you join us at our #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
In a move that undermines British government’s position, American politician Hillary Clinton backs call for inquiry into possible Russian influence on Brexit. Clinton’s call, of course, isn’t interference, for some reason. Nor was Obama’s visit to tell people to vote to remain  
Alongside the PROVEN allegations that the Brexit vote was procured illegally, aside from Russia (obviously) and the United States, how long has the British government, who control the world's foremost spy centre, known of this Russian Brexit interference? 
IMHO - IF the Tories & the DUP *come together* re the Brexit shambles - it will be for political expediency NOT the good of the Country.The EU has ALWAYS been a running sore with the Tories & Cameron's reckless gamble with EURef to settle it - has thrown the Country into chaos 
"Government figures could be preparing for #UK to rejoin #EU - former #Brexit minister" Course they are, they never wanted to Leave in the first place as they are suffering from low ambitions and Stockholm Syndrome  
People who voted for Brexit should ask themselves: how will cutting our young people off from the EU be of benefit to them?Millions of young people across our continent will grow up - as I did - feeling solidarity with our European cousins, while ours grow up in isolation.  
Forget fears that Brexit will lead to an exodus of jobs from the City; in the first half of this year, Savills reported, the take-up of office space in the City rose by 13 per cent compared with the same period last year  
What you need to know about a second referendum, when and how it might happen. A decision to hold a referendum could happen very quickly, with precious little time to discuss the details - but there are complex issues to grapple with.  
Any Labour MP's who would consider voting for May's Brexit deal, think again.May suppressed up to nine studies finding immigration only had a tiny impact on UK wages and jobs.She cannot be trusted with our rights and protections. They would be toast. 
To deliver the global goals we have to plug a funding gap of $2.5 trillion. Today I have set out how @DFID_UK will use the opportunity of Brexit, financial services & new tools & products for companies/individuals to lever in private investment to irradiate extreme global poverty 
Anna Soubry slams ‘Brexit bullies’ who tried to drown out her speech  
Scotland’s Deputy First Minister @JohnSwinney tells @SkyNews the UK government have handled the Brexit negotiations spectacularly badly. This country voted decisively to remain in EU and we’re now facing a very damaging set of circumstances that are being inflicted upon us #SNP18 
John Curtice on sky Support for SNP somewhat lower.Westminster a bit higher so seats remain the same.Referendum it’s not changed exactly the same.Doesn’t think there will be Indy ref 2 unless Brexit is really bad.That’s all bad news for the snp. 
There will be nothing heroic about the damage England will inflict on Ireland if Brexit goes ahead. I’m not sure my Irish friends quite appreciate the power English nationalism still has to wreck Ireland - a small island off a big island, with deep latent  antipathies  
In Pret @ Russell Square, this man tried to push in front of me in the queue. I politely tell him I’m next, then, hearing my Irish accent, he tells me to “fuck off back to Ireland”.Not saying it’s Brexit, but it has been a loooong time since I’ve experienced that here. pic.twitter.com/7NAy6uBlCH 
— 30 insect fragments in 100g of peanut butter — 11 rodent hairs in 25g of paprikaExamples of foreign bodies allowed in US food which could be part of a post-Brexit FTA. @CarolineLucas: "We'll finally be free to eat all the maggot-ridden food we like." 
The former Australian High Commissioner confirms that May's warped Brexit plan would limit our ability to strike a comprehensive trade deal with Australia. It's time for Tory MPs to wake up & chuck Chequers!Support us at  
We’re at trade shows in Jan & Feb where I’m paying for a stand. I’m selling goods which I’m designing and costing now which will be deliverable into stores next September. How do I cost my goods? How can I promise delivery. What an absolute utter shambles #brexit is.. Fuming. 
Construction workers spotted my Brexit t-shirt.Started with "foreigners taking jobs". I said the boost to the economy also creates jobs. They agreed government needs to pull its finger out on housing & corporate tax and actually use EU immigration rules to ensure they're working 
This is the key issue the media is ignoring. The SNP is effectively giving Theresa May notice and a de-facto 'final warning' not to ignore Scotland when negotiating her Brexit deal. This is the ScotRef starting pistol being loaded. It'll be fired soon after the Commons vote.  
Coming soon: My new book on Brexit: Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Politics of Pain  
What I find most surprising is Pret bread sold in British shops comes from near Rennes in France. That's a lot of carbon miles as well as raising the other B word...Brexit!  
Steve Baker suspects Govt figures are pushing for a ‘high-alignment Brexit to rejoin later’.That’s certainly what we see in defence.Since 2016, UK officials matching stride-for-stride the EU’s military integration moves ahead of Common Defence in 2024. 
People have seen what a mess the Tories are making of Brexit and demanding better.The Lib Dems are the only national party fighting Brexit. Join our campaign to give you the final say on the deal, and the option to remain:  
The honourable thing to do would be to resign and fight a by-election on a platform of the @peoplesvote_uk , that way you could seek a mandate from the public. You stood as a Conservative MP to implement and respect the Brexit vote. A letter will be going to all voters soon..  
A #PeoplesVote is not only legally possible, but also necessary. Across the country, people are demanding a democratic final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU.  
Unite the Union says the government's shambolic Brexit handling is damaging the UK car industry, as Jaguar Land Rover plans a two week shutdown. Help us protect Britain's manufacturing heritage. Share with your friends.  
YAWN: Hillary Clinton uses Oxford Uni speech to talk up Russian Brexit conspiracy, criticise European governments, lay into Trump. Nobody likes a sore loser.  
Interesting from @10DowningStreet spokesman ‘there can be no withdrawal agreement without PRECISE future agreement on trade.’ Both @theresa_may and EU leaders and Commission must be held to they. No fudge. No blindfold Brexit. Clarity. Then @peoplesvote_uk = proper plan 
Come on peeps...it really is a No Brainer...the UK, GB, England, Scotland, Wales & N Ireland, Gibralter, the People will all be better off staying TOGETHER stopping #Brexit & backing the option to #Remain.Let's thwart the Autocracy of Right & Left..#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Car sales fell by over 20% in September -- another example of how #Brexit is a dangerous threat to jobs and industry in Britain.The only solution is to #StopBrexit 
Thanks @PeterMurrell & @theSNP team for the stunning backdrop for my #Brexit speech at #SNP18 this morning 
For the throngs of commuters using London's busy Waterloo Station every day, passing a large yellow sign reading "Bollocks to Brexit" has become part of the daily commute  
Just watched Arlene Foster & Diane Dodds give a press conference on Brexit and the border. I'm really impressed with them both - smart, measured, hard as steel.  
Discussing joint work to combat terrorism with my French, Polish, Italian, Spanish, German, US & EU Commission counterparts at the G6. Vital this cooperation continues after Brexit #G6Lyon 
Yesterday in Brussels, I questioned the heads of EU financial regulations, who confirmed a 'no deal' Brexit will NOT cause panic in financial services.  #ChuckChequers #Brexit video:  
Continuing discussions with Northern Irish political leaders today: @DUPleader, @DianeDoddsMEP & @RobinSwannUUP, @JNicholsonMEP. Working hard to explain and de-dramatise the backstop #Brexit  
I will not rest until I have done everything I possibly can to stop #Brexit, and I would urge everyone, especially businesses, who have the slightest concern about the road we are about to travel down to say #BollocksToBrexit!! 
The confirmation of Justice #Kavanaugh was not a referendum against women, or a referendum for the good ol’ boy system. You tried to make him the sacrificial man by projecting onto him the guilt of any man who ever did sexually assault a woman. Shame on you! 
Brexit won't be all bad. Via Annie Morris.  
Brexit on track for NO DEAL: Steve Baker says 80 Tory MPs ready to vote against May's deal  
87 Percent of Leave Voters in Northern Ireland Say Delivering Brexit More Important than ‘Peace Process’   
Help Me Spread 'Bollocks To #Brexit' Message Across the Capital & Beyond - It's Definitely Not a Done Deal!There are 22 digital sites across London, all screaming #BollocksToBrexit - See if you can spot any, and help me spread the message! 
A People’s Vote on the Brexit deal is “clearly possible”, according to a new report published by The Constitution Unit at University College London.Entitled ‘The Mechanics of a Further Referendum on Brexit’, this is well worth a read    
That is because Brexit is a project of the right for the right by the right. One of the great political con jobs of all time to persuade trade unionists and workers to vote for something that will take their rights and prosperity away so that disaster capitalists get richer .  
I see @PimlicoPlumbers continuing to be deeply unhelpful to his council, the government and the Brextremists who want to steal the country to satisfy a Brexit elite hard right Thatcher +++ ideology that would never win a majority in a general election  
On Sky News, @FionaHyslop tells @adamboultonSKY enough is enough on this Tory Brexit chaos - Scotland voted remain and the SNP will stand up for Scotland’s interests and work to protect our membership of the single market and customs union #SNP18 
Pun of the day from @Feorlean at #SNPConference "A no deal Brexit is (the UK government's) ideal destination, allowing them to pretend that Britannia still rules the waves. And they will waive the rules to get it." 
Only @Feorlean would quote Shelley at @theSNP conference “Ye are many, they are few” as he contrasts the talent & diversity of the #Yes movement with the Scottish Tories #brexit #indy #SNP18 
We've taken our 'Bollocks to #Brexit message to the streets of London - here's where you'll find it, tweet us in your pictures!  
Once we've stopped Brexit we need a public enquiry into ...1》How a wafer thin win in an advisory referendum was abused by political extremists2》How the Leave campaigns were financed3》The roles played by Cambridge Analytica and the BBC.4》The future of UK referendums  
Brexit has cost Britain an estimated 2.1% of its GDP, or about £35 billion. Britain hasn't even left yet  
I knew before the referendum that the NHS would never get the money. I laughed when I saw the bus. Why did ppl get sucked in by it? 
I agree that there should be a public inquiry into the Brexit referendum. The focus should be on unearthing the facts over foreign interference and cheating and recommendations to ensure that our democracy is better protected in future  
Romania's referendum on the definition of marriage required a turnout of 30% to be valid. Just 20.4% voted  
Another #PeoplesVote group is launched. The people of #Buckingham want a vote of the final Brexit deal. Please follow, RT and sign up if you're a local!  
What would the UK government's reaction be to the EU saying "Now is not the time" or perhaps changing the rules to make any further referendum illegal? How would the UK act if the EU started stripping them of powers?  
Brexit is the British trump, you foolish little bodkin  
Despite the vast majority of Labour voters opposing Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn continues to go along with Theresa May.The Liberal Democrats are the real opposition to Brexit. Join us now:  
Wait, I thought foreign interference in the referendum was meant to be a bad thing?  
We're saying 'Bollocks to Brexit' everywhere . . . .Please send us images, with a note saying where you saw the message!!!  
As the disaster of the Tories' Brexit negotiations has become clear, and the impacts on jobs, livehlihoods and communities has become more evident, public opinion is only moving in one direction. The will of the people is clear - and it doesn't support a Tory Brexit.  
Leavers were happy to see Remainers accept the results of the 2016 referendum but are now unhappy to see them ask for a People's Vote. One way democracy? #labourParty #libdems #libdemslords#conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #abtv #waton #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news 
Helena Kennedy: ‘Brexit is a disaster for women’  
Theresa May will never get her Chequers Brexit deal through Parliament, says ex-chief whip' | via @telegraph 
BREAKING: This is a BIG deal. @HillaryClinton backs @DamianCollins & @tom_watson’s call for a full public inquiry into Brexit referendum. Put in has interfered in ‘elections & referenda’ across Europe. Democracy is in crisis. The world must act.  
Help Me Spread 'Bollocks To Brexit' Message Across the Capital & Beyond - It's Definitely Not a Done Deal!  
The SNP’s @KateForbesMSP tells @SkyNews as Scot Gov Public Finance Minister, and as an MSP, I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t stand up for my constituents views and interests on Brexit - and that means protecting our membership of the single market and customs union #SNP18 
Can you help?Dominic Raab, Brexit Secretary, is expected to update MPs today on the state of the negotiations with the EU in a statement in the H of C...How about:We already have the best deal. Any Brexit 'deal' the PM brings back from Brussels is inferior to our current one. 
Smart piece: #PeoplesVote is "entirely a device to stop Brexit" that would cause "a full assault on every institution of political stability" & reinvigorate a "pure populism" >>  
An Orwellian nightmare & attempt to rewrite history to delete a ProEuropean tradition in UKs political class-is this the Brexiteer true agenda? Some of us will forever Remain recusant.On Brexit, the Tories are gaslighting half the country | Rafael Behr  
Sinn Féin MEP @M_AndersonSF and MPs ready to begin our GUE/NGL Brexit conference this morning in London - ‘Brexit: the fight for rights, crunch or crash?’  
The feeling that someone's Brexit frog is coming to the boil, but can't tell whose. 
The mafia state that mounted a nerve-agent attack in Salisbury also poisoned the political process during the #Brexit referendum. It met repeatedly with leading Leave campaigners, lent support to their campaign & sought to reward them with lucrative "business" deals.#PeoplesVote 
Earlier this morning @RTERadio1 featured a segment on our complaint to the European Ombudsman re. rights in NI after #Brexit: . We are concerned that previous assurances are being watered down. 
Theresa May has been warned 'at least' 40 Tory MPs won't back deal based on her Chequers plan #Brexit 
Incompetent former 1st minister of minority party representing a minority of people in NI oversteps their mandate #Brexit  
Anyone who betrays the manifesto they begged their electorate to vote them in on should resign and hold a local people’s vote or be deselected for someone honourable with the integrity to support the Brexit vote  
The UK establishment has so misjudged the adverse impact of joining the EEC, the dreadful impact of the ERM, the Euro ignoring the obvious structural weaknesses which led to a series of Euro crises, the banking boom & bust & most recently misjudged the impact of a Brexit vote. 
There’s a psychological coercive control hypocrisy from politicians who claim that the EU is treating the UK government badly, while conveniently forgetting how the UK government is treating parts of the UK (in particular, Scotland and Northern Ireland) over Brexit. 
Theresa May's boss, Arlene Foster is heading to the EU to negotiate 'blood red lines' for a Brexit deal. The DUP leader represents 13% of Northern Ireland and much less than 1% of the UK. This is deinifely NOT taking back control... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
How can she negotiate Brexit when she's an absolute laughing stock?  
"When the evidence shows that 8 in 10 Trump voters supported the wall, and an overwhelming majority of Brexit voters wanted to curb the scale and pace of immigration, it is hard to accept that they did not know what they were voting for." 
HOPE not hate is now joining together with @bestforbritain to demand the British public have the #finalsay on Brexit.  
This applies to most Tory MPs on Brexit  
Sir – How warmly I support Mrs May’s bid to become leader of the Labour Party in place of Jeremy Corbyn.This will, of course, create a vacancy for Conservative leader & Prime Minister, which might be filled by a Conservative.Order restored, at last!- Telegraph Letters#Brexit  
It is possible to discuss policies other than Brexit but Brexit addicts fear not, we talk about that too.  
EU citizens! More consequences of the far-right #Brexit. Thanks to racist leave voters with no education, who have no degree and cannot think critically, many hard non-working foreigners will not be getting free UK money. Shocking. No cheese for you. 
I must admit to finding this pro-Brexit BBC Three skit a lot funnier than the anti-Brexit one. :-)  
The idea of 'friction' at the border post-Brexit is a myth which needs to be debunked.  
We’ve become an isolated & weak country, weighed down by a buckling economy. #Brexit has left the UK with fewer friends & less power & without the valuable relations we’ve built with our European partners, the influence & credibility of the UK will also crumble. #BollocksToBrexit 
The first @UCC Jean Monnet Lecture of the academic year will be delivered by @SteveAikenUUP 'The Day After [Brexit]': Rebuilding an Enduring Relationship for these Islands | 3-4pm, Thursday 18 October | CACSSS Seminar Room | All welcome.  
As a friend of the UK in continental Europe, the state of Brexit is painful to watch. My latest: 
As an MEP #MentalHealth ambassador I am appalled at the lack of visibility given to the emotional and psychological consequences of Brexit  
Brexit deal that works for everyone 'eminently possible', claims DUP's Arlene Foster 
It’s Anti alright Richard.....Anti EmploymentAnti DefenceAnti Capitalism Anti Immigration ControlAnti SemiticAnti RoyaltyAnti BritishAnti Freedom of ChoiceAnti ProgressAnti Brexit .... or maybe not?  
Apparently SNP are now saying that #indyref2 will "happen, but after Brexit"; "doesn't need to be a referendum, just a democratic event"; and now "can be a referendum without WM consent". So that's clear then.  
Ireland, Europe’s fastest growing economy, will release a cautious budget to prepare for a no-deal Brexit  
No Brexit is better than a bad Brexit. (And any Brexit is a bad one.)Demand a #RemainOption in a #PeoplesVote. 
We take no position on #Brexit or on whether a further referendum should be held, but our new report today seeks to inform debate about the practicalities, and guide sensible and responsible decision-making #PeoplesVote @UKandEU  pic.twitter.com/e0LIXDS1lX 
Daniel Hannan has often wondered why Remainers don't simply disregard logic and believe in Britain standing alone.I'd love to have optimism for our country post Brexit - but seeing fearless patriots piss their pants with impotent fury over a mere joke doesn't give me much hope.  
Voters in Scotland have a message for Theresa May: Do not to stand in the way of a second referendum on Scottish independence. 
"It has been condemned by experts and divided the country. Now Brexit has been officially given the royal seal of disapproval – albeit by a Dutch monarch from his palace in The Hague."  
Yet again I'm hearing that @NicolaSturgeon is 'dithering' over the question of independence...& yet again I have to remind people that Nicola said that she'd make up her mind once we know the #Brexit deal!? @SkyNews 
.@BBCNews .@BBCPolitics  Do your job and ensures every one know this! Might make up a bit for your Pig's  Ear coverage of #brexit  
Brexit LIVE: Chequers ‘WON’T get through Parliament’ Theresa May told to CHANGE plan  
So Arlene Foster no longer has to pretend its the Conservatives who are negotiating Brexit Why are we being run by the DUP? Is anyone from this turgid Tory Government actually in charge of anything at all? 
.@AliCapper emphasises to #NFUCouncil delegates the need for skilled workers post-Brexit in all farm businesses and agriculture supply chains. #PeopleinFarming 
‘The norms have moved so far any deal starts to look like a victory for common sense over extremism. But that is only because today’s political maps don’t even mark the spot where realistic accounts of Britain’s European interests used to appear.’ V good by @rafaelbehr #brexit  
I really don't understand why the press & Brexiteers still listen to the likes of Steve Baker, David Davis, Boris Johnson, etc on Brexit. They were given the opportunity to help deliver Brexit & they failed. Every lead Brexiteer has failed in their position - just think about it. 
Hillary Clinton - "Russian involvement in Brexit shows democracy is under siege."Theresa May - "Brexit means Brexit, Brexit means Brexit, Brexit means Brexit." 
It's time to destroy the myth that we can't have a free trade Brexit because of the Irish border' | via @telegraph 
Wooferendum has woken up Britain & World to impact of Brexit on people & pets please help support the campaign crowd fund ⁦@campbellclaret⁩ ⁦@operabinoculars⁩ @wooferendum ⁦@PeterEgan6⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦@jk_rowling⁩ ⁦@rickygervais⁩ 
Men got 91 pct of Brexit debate media time. The impact on women’s rights was not assessed under the terms of the referendum. Now pregnancy protection, part-time workers rights and more is at risk. This is why we need a #People’s Vote for women. 
How come MPs voted to take the #Brexit route when the vast majority think it is a bad idea and will damage the country. I thought they were supposed to debate the advisory referendum result and then do the right thing for everyone, not just those that shout the loudest. 
Are there people who actually believe a Brexit deal exists in which Britain gets to cherry pick on the indivisible freedoms? I’m genuinely concerned that we’re this far down the line and people don’t get it. 
"These are the wealthy Brexiters paying £50k each gain access to the PM"Meanwhile she will not give the people a say on brexit#PeoplesVote#PeoplesVoteMarch 
Oh doesn’t Steve Baker enjoy a superficially mild-mannered threat? On #R4Today calmly telling us that any compromise on Brexit is not what we voted for and leaves us worse off than being in the EU. And his No Deal does what exactly?#PeoplesVote because they’re not in it for us. 
Rare - but therefore all the more important - intervention from my good friend Mark Harper MP in today’s Telegraph:”Theresa May will never get her Chequers Brexit deal through Parliament, says ex-chief whip”  
So here we have it; the emotional heart of Brexit: an inferiority complex. Brexit is an act of cowardice - an inability to believe that Britain can hold its own as part of a team.  A fear of France and Germany and other great continental countries.  Britain is not a victim.  
Because of eccentricity @Jacob_Rees_Mogg gets the coverage but @SteveBakerHW is true voice of the hard right disaster capitalists who see a killing for the few not the many in a fall off the cliff Brexit. He is right that her plan is worst of all worlds. So wrong about solution  
Breaking News:Leaked first picture of governments official clothing line for those who like to scavenge about town.Designed by former fashion student and current arsehole Darren Grimes, this frumpy number is what everyone in Brexit Britain will be wearing.#MadMaxBrexit 
The state of this... @Anna_Soubry still holds the electorate in contempt for daring to disagree with her in the referendum.She won’t let the great unwashed down the pub for a couple after work get in the way of her attempts to subvert democracy!  
At least 40 of UK PM May's lawmakers willing to vote down Brexit deal, ex-minister says  
Plus it was never 'the will of the people' - it was flawed by serious illegality.  Vote Leave hid overspending of more than 10% (all on AIQ/Facebook in the last few days of the referendum), Leave. EU: serious offences, Facebook: large-scale data breaches + foreign interference.  
Notice how those denouncing independence because the SNP can't prove Scotland would be an instant economic success don't seem to be aware of Brexit impact reports?People who'd choose certain economic ruin over potential  success because of a flag are slaves to their own views. 
Nothing to see here. Just the Irish Revenue telling the Irish Finance committee that there would be so few checks between Northern Ireland & the Republic it wouldn't even warrant Trade Facilitation Posts away from the border (<2% = <200 freight vehicles per day) #Brexit  
First the Prime Minister avoids talking about Brexit at Cabinet and now she is running scared of Parliament. Not good enough.  
“No, seriously -“ says the so-called People’s Vote campaigner - “seriously, the second referendum will be totally binding. We will absolutely respect that decision. Even if we lose. It’s totally different to the last referendum, you see, because - because -“  
It's time to destroy the myth that we can't have a free trade Brexit because of the Irish border. It is very convenient for the EU & remainers in the UK to use the Irish border as an excuse to stop us making a break from the EU..  
Extraordinarily weak & evasive for May not to update & be scrutinised by MPs on Brexit negotiations in light of EUs rejection of her Chequers plan at Salzburg. Seemed no statement was planned but facing backlash, late last night No10 decided Raab would come. #InOfficeButNotPower 
Also it has been so long since the referendum that not only has the will of the people changed but so has ‘the people’. 1.3m have died. 1.5m have reached voting age. Who matters more, the dead or the young? @peoplesvote_uk 
Today's @thetimes cartoon #Brexit #DrWho  
"Latest figures show the warnings of economic self-harm Brexiters like Boris Johnson derided as Project Fear are fast becoming real, while the promises of a Brexit dividend are still too remote even to assess." 
@MKLabourParty Due @jeremycorbyn's position on brexit yesterday I joined the @LibDems . Such a shame that you put me in this position 
At least 40 lawmakers in UK PM May's party willing to vote down Brexit deal, Steve Baker says  
9 October 1966. David Cameron was born in London. He was Prime Minister from 2010 to 2016. He announced his intention to resign as PM on the morning after Britain voted to leave the EU. His decision to call the referendum was one of biggest political errors in British history.  
SNP conference so far:The deputy leader lied on stage about a political opponent.An MSP said our trade with rUk is a weakness.An MP drew comparisons between Indy movement and the Jacobite invasion of England.An MP says Scotland can leave the UK without a referendum. 
No really, it’s all absolutely about my newly aroused passion for defending the democratic process, says the continuity remainer. The fact that I desperately want to stop Brexit and this would potentially have that result is pretty much a coincidence.  
Former Brexit Minister and vice chair of the European Research Group, @SteveBakerHW, says "colleagues will not tolerate a half in, half out Brexit. "No deal is better than a bad deal... we would need to be unafraid to go forward without an agreement" #r4today 
NEW BLOG: The final post in our series on a further #Brexit referendum coincides with publication of our full report on the options. It sums up, addressing how and when a referendum might come about #PeoplesVote @UKandEU 
Just as we’ve always said, leaving the EU will water down workers’ rights. Make no mistake, the Brexiteers want a low wage, non-regulated economy so those with money can have more and everyone else suffers  @Labour4EU @labour4europe @euromove #Brexit  
SNP delivers Brexit ultimatum to Theresa May  The UK's third biggest party is showing MAJOR opposition to Brexit and have also backed a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal! Back a People's Vote with us on October 20th:  
So the ex Tory minister, the ERG’s Steve Baker is on @BBCr4today right now threatening to bring down the PM’s Chequers plan agitating for ‘no deal’ BUT in his own resignation letter to her concedes he doesn’t have the numbers for his extreme #Brexit in the House of Commons  
People in the UK are pretty fucking angry that serial failures like Hunt obtain career progression in government based on their Brexit credentials and nothing else.  
My battle with the HMRC to get their Brexit Impact Assessments.I have appealed to the ICO asking them to make #HMRC release their #Brexit impact assessments.See their replies and my reasoning on why they should release them.#brexitshambles #FBPE 
Hillary Clinton just attacked Putin over Brexit and claimed democracy is 'under siege'  
Steve Baker says 'at least' 40 MPs willing to vote against govt on final Brexit deal 
Brexiteer Cabinet ministers out in force today - speech from Mordaunt shortly, first time she's made public comment since Chequers so watch carefully, Raab in Parliament  later with update on Brexit negotiations 
My 2 year old just saw this tweet and said "the #FBPE compulsion to invent things that obviously did not happen, then pin those things onto Brexit voters, is a phenomenon that will be studied for decades to come"  
You see a comment like this & it brings it home once again. On what planet do people think it's a good idea to limit people's lives and take away their rights? As I'm saying this I still, even now, find it unfathomable..until you remember that #Brexit is about Neo feudalism.#FBPE 
Sir Edward Leigh urges May to take Tusk's Canada+ Brexit offer for whole of UK. May will never agree because she wants to ensure we only leave the EU in name only, hence Chequers..  
I’m struck how unwilling Tory MPs are to debate Brexit in their constituencies. Steve Baker, organiser of the ERG, refused in High Wycombe in Sunday. MPs for Lewes & Shrewsbury also refused. Now @AlexChalkChelt won’t even reply to my invitation. Their constituents are noticing 
I do wish #Leavers would stop with the 'we won' argument. There are no winners or losers in a UK referendum. Constitutionally they are only ever advisory. Get over it. 
I fail to see what is surprising about true U.K. patriots rising up against the likes of you, the Govt and the Tory party, when your official line is to support #Brexit.You need to understand that what you’re doing is damaging your country for years for everyone.#peoplesvote 
The Emotional Support Service for Europeans at the @existentialacad has shown that many people are suffering from mental and emotional health problems because of #Brexit@WernerT_Man @julienfouchet1 @guyverhofstadt @albawhitewolf @AcademyOfRock @julie4nw @thomasbrake @VesperUK 
The values ​​of hypocrite, a German one. @GermanyDiplo @GermanBundestag @cducsubt @BILD @SPIEGEL_English @JosephDaul @JHahnEU @VALERIEin140 @EPP When the boycott of the referendum is a solution [Romania], When the boycott of the referendum is not a solution [Macedonia].  
“Manual workers 'at greatest risk' from #Brexit”  
Brexit is already costing Britain more than £350 million a week. Don't tell the NHS (via @bopinion) 
I’ve been saying since David Cameron called the EU referendum that the Tories are as big a threat to the U.K. than any nationalist. Playing fast and loose.  
This programme is a stain on the BBC's reputation and is by no means the only example of the free ride Brexiters have been given over the years. Many things led to Brexit, but the @BBC will be woven into the history of why the UK self-harmed itself like this. 
You’ll remember that big red bus and something about £350m a week for our NHS, but it now seems the bus forgot to mention we would be wasting £500m a week on Brexit, and rising, before we’ve even left the EU. Think what the NHS could do with £500m a week. 
Steve Baker MP: “It may be that powerful forces within the government are determined to have a high-alignment Brexit, something like the EEA [European Economic Area] plus something like the customs union.” That’s not Brexit.   
A majority of English Conservatives believe Scottish independence is a price worth paying for Brexit. 
On Brexit, the Tories are gaslighting half the country | Rafael Behr  
Brexit uncertainity blamed for fall in sales in September as a “back-to-school” boost fails to materialise 
What is wrong with @uklabour the country is turning against Brexit. The demographic shift will only increase the majority against Brexit. The ref was an exercise in corruption not democracy. If Labour backed Remain they will be heroes @DavidLammy @Andrew_Adonis @ChukaUmunna ??? 
The rich say they fear Labour. It’s Brexit they should be worried about | Polly Toynbee  
In an interview with @SkyNews former minister and arch Brexiter Steve Baker talks of “Secret guarantees wrongly given to the car industry that nothing would change as we left the EU”. We must be told about the guarantees, another hidden cost of Brexit. 
A campaign built on outright lies subsequently found to have cheated, and we are told to "respect" the result or risk breaking democracy. These are strange and troubling times. #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
How will rights granted by the Good Friday Agreement & EU law be affected by Brexit? Northern Ireland group claims rights 'watered down' in Brexit process via @RTENewsNow  
Empty shelves in the United Kingdom as Brexit reality sinks. This is Zimbabwe's chance to export its quality organic food to UK & rake in the much needed foreign currency.  
Spain's foreign minister Borrell claims there's a Catalan propaganda machine at work in Europe imposing its narrative & he wishes he had those resources at his disposal, a laughable statement from a country that spent €87 million violently failing to prevent a referendum. 1/3  
The rich say they fear Labour. It’s Brexit they should be worried about, by @pollytoynbee 
How well informed was the public about the EU before the referendum? How well informed are they now? The media has been failing hugely in it's responsibilities to the public. And we know it. 
Pretty much: "Brexit may be a national obsession in Britain, but a lot of other Europeans are simply fed up with all the whining, cherry-picking and lies. And that’s bad news for all of us."  
Analysis: Nicola Sturgeon preparing to use "no deal" as ammo for second Scottish independence referendum  
Unsure of what exactly the Tories are smoking. The SNP rarely talk about #indyref2. When they do, it's usually in response to a question from the obsessed press or from obsessed tory MSP's. Secondly, the #brexit party accusing others of holding back Scotlands economy? Really?  
Brexit news latest: PM could refuse to sign £39 billion 'divorce' settlement with EU if it fails to give Britain 'precise' trade deal | London Evening Standard the last minute blackmailing begins - she knows there is no solution .   
'Not long ago, comparisons of the EU to the Soviet Union were the stuff of sweaty diatribes on Ukip web forums. Now they appear in speeches by a foreign secretary who voted remain.'  
A majority of Britons now want the country to stay in the European Union  With so many people not wanting Brexit to happen, it's more important than ever before that we get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal 
Burn the house down. "87 per cent of Leave voters in Northern Ireland... see the collapse of the peace process as an acceptable price for Brexit."  
Romanian referendum aimed at changing the definition of marriage to exclude same-sex couples failed to meet the 30% voter turnout threshold  — in pictures pic.twitter.com/sUrLDzuLIu 
“At least some officials seem to view the McCarrick issue as a referendum on Pope Francis- that those seeking answers must be opposed to the pope, and that the only way to support Francis is to refrain from asking for Vatican accountability.”  via @jdflynn 
European banks worry about clearing in no-deal Brexit  
Compelling stuff from someone who voted Leave. “All the reasons I am now getting involved in campaigning for a vote on the #Brexit deal with the hope to stop Brexit.” @fiocca1983 in @PMPmagToday. @RemainerNow #PeoplesVote @PeoplesVote_UK 
For the senator to come here and say that the DP was not opposed to the referendum & it's all a creation of the media is belittling our collective intelligence - Otiende Amollo. #AMLiveNTV @debarlinea 
ALL the parties in Parliament want to keep us IN the EU.The 17.4m need to tell their MPs that they will NOT allow the biggest democratic vote in the history of our great country to be overturned.Treachorous MPs will be voted OUT.We want the #Brexit we voted for on 23/6/16. 
The referendum is distracting us from real issues Corruption Tribalism Unemployment  
BREAKING: Taylor Swift ends silence surrounding her stance on Portage and Main: “I always have and always will cast my vote for the option that will improve accessibility and stimulate downtown growth...I will be voting “open” in the upcoming Winnipeg referendum” 
Go and do a class in economics so you stop talking such idiotic nonsense Uk has gone from fastest to slowest growing G7 country Brexit is a disaster 
The state of Texas has 254 counties, 47 here seems like many only because you are staffing them with the wrong people. Don't be deceived! Preach the gospel of Good Governance not Referendum #ReferendumDebate 
Raab to update MPs on Brexit talks as May is accused of ducking out  
Concerned about changing our electoral system for good in this fall's referendum? Worry no more! #pr4bc #bcpoli #prorep 
During the Referendum I was attacked for ‘exaggerating’ about an EU Army arising. We it’s not only in existence top Germans now say it has been ‘activated’. With the EU’s disastrous interventions over Yugoslavia & Crimea God help us all  
Fukuyama got it partially right (with all due respect). Votes for Bolsonaro are not necessarily endorsement for what he says, but rejection towards what the opponent represents. The bandwagon carries Trump, Brexit, Orban, AfD... it is a global issue, not restricted to Brazilians  
A shameless liar who wants to PM every bit as much as Boris Johnson does and has just as little integrity as he has. #Twat*Jeremy Hunt steps up his attack on the EU over Brexit, saying Britain is very angry*  pic.twitter.com/G4q6rKLfud 
If #Brexit ends up dead, the same fate will befall the @Conservatives party. I have no doubt that you know that, but I suspect many of your parliamentary colleagues remain blind to it. There is still time for those in govt to #ChuckChequers and opt for Canada+++ 
Bob Geldof has called on musicians to thwart Brexit, calling the UK leaving the EU "a serious madness". Among those to sign the letter are Ed Sheeran, Damon Albarn, Simon Rattle, Brian Eno, Jarvis Cocker, Rita Ora and Sting.    
Romania sought, by referendum, to define marriage as exclusively as between a man and a woman and it failed.  
Osborne’s Evening Standard is proclaiming that the majority of voters now want to remain in the EU according to opinion polls. Sorry George but they also said that before the referendum. They were wrong but you believed them. Just live with failure. Like you did when Chancellor. 
Brexit: mending Humpty Dumpty - in leaving the EU, we are breaking things. But so few people understand in detail how systems work that they don't know what happens when you break them. Then they don't have the first idea of how to fix them...  #Brexinfo. 
Among Brexit’s true believers  
On Brexit, the Tories are gaslighting half the country | Rafael Behr  
Meanwhile here in BC, everyone has a decision to make in the prop rep referendum. If in Victoria, come and join me at UVic Wednesday night to hear arguments for and against changing our electoral system. #yyj #bcpoli 
"Brexit was a vote taken by older generation at expense of younger. The longer crucial decisions are delayed, greater the leverage for reversal.. It's always seemed obvious that the UK will rejoin by 2030 at latest: Brexit supporters will simply die out" 
At the UN 4 Committee today, Bolivia supported the Security Council resolutions and the referendum on self-determination and independence in #WesternSahara. 
Hillary Clinton just attacked Putin over Brexit and claimed democracy is 'under siege'  
At the UN 4 Committee today, Uruguay defended firmly the right of the Sahrawi people to self-determination and the realisation of the referendum on the future of their territory. 
From Marian Tupy of Human Progress "The most important piece of news in recent weeks has nothing to do with Brexit or Kavanaugh. It didn’t make the front page or cause social media to explode: as of last week, more than half of the world is middle class."  
Our #economy stands to take quite a hit from Brexit. Up to a few percent, even.    …  This is seen as a betrayal by most #Dutch, who take the health of our  economy very seriously, especially after supporting Britain's liberal  ideas in the #EU3/ 
Brexit blamed for fall in sales in September as “back-to-school” boost fails to materialise 
Continuing with Brexit without even checking for consent says a clear no to this. It doesn't matter how you get it, how many lies are told o laws broken, or if people change their mind or if they're sold an absolute crock of shite. 22/ 
I want to talk a minute about how #Brexit is viewed by most of the #Dutch here in the #Netherlands.1/ 
Same strategy used. Cambridge Analytica (Mercer) was used in Brexit and US (and many other countries.) Bannon likely used the same techniques in Italy and now Brazil. 
The descent has started, and Brexit is a key part of it. 19/ 
It has been a central part of the narrative that immigration is a problem, and that Brexit provides a solution to. They, the foreigners, are the problem. UKGov has tried from the start to pass the blame for their own incompetence to the EU27 (foreigners again). 
I don't know how many times I can explain this:I have a trade deficit with Jean-Paul. He makes £10 from our relationship. But he makes £270 from his relationships with 27 other people. Will Jean-Paul compromise the relationship (single market) he has with them, to keep me happy? 
The difference for us is this: delivering Brexit means cementing that venom. Standing up to Brexit means neutralising it. 3/3 
the night of the referendum(or bare faced robbery as it should be known,) when the tories and labour  danced hand in hand (I personally witnessed this as did thousands of others) is the day a dying party officially died NEVER will Scotland forgive them, sad as I like corbyn  
Quick poll for Albertans:  if a referendum was held tomorrow on confederation, would you vote for #Alberta separation? #abpoli #cdnpoli 
One could say this opera house petition is a referendum on civic virtues; a vote of no confidence in the public figures who refuse to value them. 
A-HA!!!!!Steve Coogan is funding anti-Brexit coaches to the People's Vote march in London  
Theresa May is failing, by her own criteria, to make Brexit mean Brexit - @JLongworthLML 
#ChequersPlanI'm beginning to wonder if May ever had any intention of a full clean Brexit. Things like this are starting to paint an entirely different picture.  
It's going to be hilarious watching Britnats in Scotland defending the Union, knowing 79% of their rabid britnat Tory voting pals in England couldn't care less about them and they prize Brexit over remaining in a union with Scotland!  
Trump used Brexit for the inspiration for his campaign. Do we really believe these techniques weren’t used here first?  
No another referendum isn’t the right answer.Go bore someone else with your obsessive desire to ignore the result of a referendumHere’s the deal.Binary choiceYou lost.Put on your big boy pants and deal with it.The end. 
If anyone was under some illusion that the UK knows what it is doing financially, people should probably know that the month after the 2014 referendum the treasury took a £214m consolidation loan in order to....wait for it...... 
All the soundbites from SNP Conference suggest they've been very busy talking about Tories, Brexit, Labour and Independence. Good job they're on top of Education, Health, Policing, the economy, Roads, Bridges, Prestwick and Ferries and don't have to use up much time on them.  
No. I don't hide that I'm privileged enough to survive Brexit. One of the reasons I studied law is so I could pursue whatever "save the world" mission I wanted without worrying about money as I could fall back on a degree. Hence why I quit my career without a safety net for this. 
Today, 15.00h Square, Room 204, Lewis Dijkstra and I present the first two of three entries on the #geography of #discontent and the revenge of the #placesthatdontmatterIf mild anti-Europeaism brought us #Brexit, what can strong #Euroscepticism elsewhere unleash? #EURegionsWeek 
EEA doesn't resolve the Irish border which would also require Customs Union membership...in which case it's a Pay & Obey No Say #Brexit.Why give up the Control we have to be Worse Off & Lose Rights.Better to #StopBrexit & #Remain in the EU.#PeoplesVote & a #FinalSayForAll. 
“Every single school in our district would be touched by the funds from the Nov. 6 Education Referendum” Supt @Jeff_Eakins tells audience at Junior League of Tampa & League of Women Voters information session. See the full list:  
Are we Remainers supposed to surrender to threats of violence & extremism?Do we have to threaten violence to level the political playing field? What about our anger and rage if #brexit is forced through without a #PeoplesVote? Do they count on our self-restraint? #StopBrexit 
"Surveys found that 87% of Leave voters in Northern Ireland, who are overwhelmingly unionist, see the collapse of the peace process as an acceptable price for Brexit."This is chilling, utterly reckless & symptomatic of weak unionist leadership on GFA.  
Brexit was only transiently the “will of the people” following a campaign of lies and cheating before the 2016 referendum. Now very clearly not. @theresa_may - you need to listen, learn and just #StopBrexit 
Does thingy not understand that England is 85% of the UK and we don't expect to be ignored either, with respect to the Brexit vote. Its leave. 
BREXIT LIVE: 'Powerful forces' trying to KEEP UK tied to Brussels – ex-minister warns May | Politics | News |  
Please explain to me how you can hold a conference on ‘What Historians Think About Brexit’, one of the most important ideological, socially and culturally divisive issues of our day and age AND *ONLY* HAVE MALE HISTORIANS SPEAKING, WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL. 
Brexit: "a project to pretend that Britain never had pro-EU Conservatives or a pro-European political tradition."Includes re-telling Thatcher as an arch Eurosceptic/-phobe. 
Sorry but I'm blocking FBPE:I've lost patience with them unfairly attacking Labour, when it is Tory Gov't that it is charge of Brexit & Tories are in power until 2022, so unless we have an earlier General Election #Brexit is in Tory hands. I voted Remain,but respect public vote  
On Brexit, the Tories are gaslighting half the country | Rafael Behr  
“The DUP would prefer we talk about any thing other than RHI and the current Brexit debacle” .@moneillsf speaking on @ViewFrmStormont tonight #VFS 
Anons,SOROS,your US Ambassador & unelected EU bureaucrats r doing a coup d'etat in Macedonia using your tax pair money,ignoring a referendum and bribing MPs for constitutional changes SPREAD THE WORD WE NEED HELP #Q#QAnon#KAG#MAGA#WWG1WGA#DeepState#DrainTheSwamp#TeamTrump 
Brexit news latest: Majority of Brits now want to REMAIN in the EU, anaylsis of nearly 150 polls finds - Evening Standard  
Pretty good. We can all see that the only honest believers in Brexit are thick, ignorant or insane. Rest are dishonest: they have hidden agendas or are consumed by a hatred of foreigners. Those on Twitter are in many cases not even what they pretend to be. 
Hardly an issue really. More worried at the likes of Farrage mocking the EU with his “Who’s laughing now” speech the day after the referendum 
The last desperate act from a side that has comprehensively lost the argument.You might call this 'Project Fear'.#Brexit  
#brexit Theresa May must switch to Canada-style Brexit to gain support of the Commons, says former chief whip 
Disappointed that @CamdenLabour wasted a great opportunity to show leadership against Brexit tonight, by dragging out proceedings so that our motion in support of a #PeoplesVote didn't get heard. This goes against the interests of Camden residents and the country as a whole. 
Just heard a great line that sums up Brexit & Trump “we don’t need to fear artificial intelligence, we need to fear natural stupidity” 
why are the SNP so cautious about #indyref2 - surely they’d win it easlily what with Brexit and everything?or don’t they believe their own spin? 
Ex-Brexit minister warns of "powerful forces within the Government determined to have a high-alignment #Brexit because they do not want to leave the EU and wish to create the conditions to rejoin it later on via @MailOnline 
Actually Darren the Electoral Commission said you broke the law which is why you were fined. I’ve no idea if you are - as you put it - stupid on Brexit.But you did get caught at cheating and you appear unrepentant. A People’s Vote is absolutely necessary so cheats don’t win  
JLR chief warns of looming Brexit consequences & of wide-eyed Brexiteers‘ that are making it up’. 'It is imperative that the government sorts itself out & gets a deal from the EU that protects jobs and trade because tens of thousands of jobs depend on it.” 
Too right we are with you.We are fighting Brexit because it threatens everything the Labour Movement stands for. It spits in the face of 118 years of struggle. It offers a doorway to those we were formed to resist.If you have ever gone hungry or felt alone. Fight Brexit.  
In my opinion, this binding referendum will only come after carrying out mass acts of civil disobedience that could force international actors to mediate in the conflict. And I think @Esquerra_ERC knows it very well. 
Vast majority of Irish people want a second referendum on #Brexit  
BREXIT: On Brexit, the Tories are gaslighting half the country | Rafael Behr /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"Brexit is the dumbest idea I've ever heard," said @JohnKerry 
Not exactly, but anyway, I think I've discovered a loophole.What if the UK were to declare a No Deal #Brexit and Leave - but not tell the EU? Then, prior to the deadline, revoke A50 and announce that it has "rejoined".The UK will have left and not left.#SchrodingersBrexit 
In case you were wondering we will be supporting Brexit MPs with targeted ads. The role out of @TheBlueWaveUK is just starting .. 
Spot on from the FM. Patience is required. Winning an independence referendum should determine out whole approach.  
The only thing having a Mogg, Johnson or Farage leading our Brexit negotiations would achieve is we'd be on "No Deal" a lot faster.(Always remember: all the brexiteers promised us a "better deal" with the EU) 
Just in case you forgot the grotesque lies of the referendum Leave campaign.  
The study, by academics at the Universities of Edinburgh and Cardiff, found that79% of English Tories would support Scottish independence if it meant leaving the EU, while 75% would support the collapse of the Northern Ireland Peace Process as the price of BrexitUnionism eh? . 
She’s fair game, Boris. She has treacherously and unashamedly ignored the Brexit manifesto upon which she was elected. That goes for all the Remoaners! @sarahwollaston @TheBlueWaveUK #BlueWave 
Hundreds of dogs walked with their owners to the UK's Parliament in London in a "Wooferendum," demanding a second referendum on Brexit.  
Both the Govt & Labour are now enforcing a #Brexit that is against the Will of the People...After the lies , illegalities & the Non-Binding opinion of only 26.5% of the People it's time to Confirm the majority Will one way or the other or there's no legitimacy to it. #Remain 
#ICYMI Hundreds of dogs hound #May for "Wooferendum" on #Brexit #Wooferendum 
Just imagine a government decides to deprive a group of its own citizens of their right to live, work and get health care where they live - but then specifically excludes those same citizens from voting ....Got it ?Now you understand why Brexit is so personal for some of us... 
*Brexit Broadcasting Corporation Explained*  
This site - The Brexit Syndicate by @MollyMEP is an invaluable tool for understanding the transatlantic network of organisations and big money that is the force driving Tory #Brexit. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
The five major hurdles to a Brexit deal - ITV News  
Any interpreters on?I think they are saying that MI5 unfiltrated the AUOB march on Saturday (but I can't be entirely sure!).Also there were 5000 GCHQ operatives in Scotland for the referendum in 2014.  
Would our MP's be so feverishly obsessed with obeying 'The Will Of The People' if we had a referendum on putting them on Minimum Wage?No.  No they wouldn't. 
Excellent by @robertshrimsley on the dangers of a 2nd referendum  
I would love to see the same verve and dedication of journalists on the referendum debate as there is on the Monica and Jowie background stories ~ Christine Mungai #PressPass 
Just watched a speech given by #Sedgefield MP @MPphilwilson at a pro-#EU march. His constituency voted Leave by 59.4%. He went on to trigger Article 50, and was reelected under an EU Referendum 2016 result respecting Labour Manifesto.He lied to his constituents to be reelected. 
BBC News - Brexit recession warning from RBS boss "He told the BBC a "bad Brexit" could result in "zero or negative" economic growth .... the bank was becoming careful about lending to certain sectors of the economy - particularly retail & construction." 
Bob Geldof, Rita Ora & Ed Sheeran issue stark warning against Brexit "madness"  
.@campaignforleo  showcases his approach to Brexit  here.  Relying on Brussels bureaucrats to secure Irish interests in Brexit negotiations is a national disgrace.  
Hi Will - our Founder @thatginamiller is funding most of our work herself but donations such as from @PimlicoPlumbers are invaluable as it means we can reach more people seeking to understand Brexit and related issues.  By the way 1 and 4 zeros means £10,000 - not a grand!  
I think BBC & Sky News bias has reached a tipping point. Both have adopted far too extreme left and anti-Brexit positions & their perceived impartiality is so shot to bits that they have lost public trust. Perhaps Peston wants to distance himself from that now he is at ITV? Smart  
Brexit was just the start. The EU is terrified other countries will quit. Eurosceptic governments are already being elected & they have started rebelling against EU rule. The UK is going to thrive outside the EU & other countries will follow us out the door..  
A second Brexit poll is a bigger risk than leaving. Superb by @robertshrimsley for the @FT on the madness of a re-run. 
Steve Coogan is funding anti-Brexit coaches to the People's Vote march in London  
Peter Galbraith, a former US ambassador, describes the #KurdistanReferendum as "the most successful independence referendum in modern times.” #TwitterKurds  
MEP's invited to appear on BBC Question Time in last 5 years: Anti-EU: 100%Pro-EU: 0%  #Brexitshambles #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
Temporary means permanentFrictionless means bumpyBrexit means Brexit  
#Brexit is being driven by a network of money & power stretching from the USA to Moscow that is working to replace democracy with kleptocracy. Here are 3 accounts that everyone should follow @peterjukes @DelvingHaylee & @J_amesp Please RT.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
People often say "Let them have Brexit because otherwise the far right will get back on their soap boxes". Brexit isn't the end of their plans. They won't stop with taking away our free movement rights. They'll come for our civil liberties next. For example...  
First we kill #Brexit (cuz shock-horror lots of leavers are also #ClimateChangeDeniers)Then we really need to get our shit together. It's scary but sticking our heads in the sand won't help. We need to fight for our home. Our planet.#ClimateChange 
Your really have to wonder about Anna Soubry's sanity - as here she implies that the 17.4 million who voted to leave the EU are "#Brexit bully boys and girls" 
Rolls-Royce Creating Hundreds More Jobs Despite Brexit  
Had a brilliant time chairing a panel on Brexit with @Andrew_Adonis and @Anna_Soubry hosted by @UoN_Labour and @OFOCBrexit - was great for everyone to be able to discuss and debate such an important topic respectfully  
Conclusion? Odds of a negotiated rational smooth Brexit are still no better than 50:50. 
3. Persuade ERG true-Brexit wing of Tory party not to go bananas when backstop says UK could stay in Customs Union forever (UK cannot prove beyond doubt that its alternative plan to keep open border between NI and ROI will work by any specified date). Difficulty rating - 5/5 
Are we on brink of great Brexit deal? Hmmm. These are the outstanding hurdles to a deal. They are not trivial. 
Ex Brexit Minister @SteveBakerHW who resigned over Chequers betrayal in July, has suggested that “powerful forces” in Government are seeking to keep the UK in arrangements similar to the single market and customs union#StandUp4Brexit 
First Minister @NicolaSturgeon says it is “still possible” there will be another independence referendum before 2021. If you’re tired of @theSNP and their nationalist agenda, join us!Sign up here:  
Support for #PeoplesVote  growing daily & seen as only solution to #Brexit impasse by majority. This is not a re-run. This is a new fresh approach to democracy based on reality & facts, not lies & disinformation like last time #FBPE 
Don't ask me to be nice about dug in leavers. They're ruining our lives. @RemainerNow leavers, I'm not ticked off with them at all. None of us knew enough to vote in that referendum. But dug in ones? The gloves are off. 
MPs may not see Theresa May’s latest #Brexit plans before she asks EU leaders to agree them - raising concerns that our PRIME MINISTER is working with the EU to orchestrate a 'STITCH UP behind closed doors' 
Genuinely: Why do any of these successful BBC journalists want the Question Time job? Most of th actually interview actual important politicians for a living. Why would you jack that in to be the Brexit Jerry Springer for Z list backbenchers and a room full of howler monkeys? 
Tim is one of ABE’s supporters. He started off with one pub and now has 1000. Began with a small team and now employs 40,000. A true entrepreneur, a patriot and a lovely bloke. He should be listened to with respect.#wto #brexit #wetherspoons #ChuckChequers 
“Democracy is a continuous process...It took 20 years, following the unsuccessful ‘79 referendum on devolution, to realise we’d made a mistake. We cannot afford to wait another 20 years to come to the same conclusion on the EU.”@LSRPlaid’s rallying cry - back a People’s Vote  
Only about 20 percent of registered voters cast ballots in a Romanian referendum to ban same-sex marriage. The referendum needed a turnout of 30 percent to be valid. 
Julie who?  Glad to see Labour finally revealing they are REMAIN through and through. Only one Party actually supports Brexit @UKIP 
Your humble reporter hanging out with the King of the Netherlands (centre). He is anti-Brexit and pro-Monty Python  
What is your Brexit name?First name: Take your middle name, add “us” if a male and “a” if a femaleSurname: The first item of food you would stockpile First name is a nod to the haunted pencil @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and leavers. Surname is a nod to the project fear remainers... 
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.A. Lincoln British citizens will not tolerate the lies anymore. It is time for a #PeoplesVote to resolve this sorry mess #FBPE#brexit 
Why are Brexiteers so afraid of a second referendum? Now there’s been 2 years of planning, discussion and insight into Brexit surely, if it were a good thing, it would get even more votes! No? 
The tide has turned against #Brexit @standardnewsNow this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #BrexitBritain #PeoplesVoteMarch #Remain 
If intelligent people can't stop Brexit and get rid of Trump then there is no effin way we are going to tackle #ClimateChange.I say we risk the wrath of the far-right and get rid of both and then put all our collective brainpower into climate change 
Please could people who support remaining in EU contribute? We cannot let the rights of our fellow EU citizens be flushed down the drain, or suffer such a level of xenophobic abuse, in this utter dog’s dinner of a #brexit  
Just watched BBC1 - 'Inside Out South West'; about SW businesses & their fears about Brexit. Many thoughtful local business people expressing real concerns & all George Eustice MP could say was  “we don’t know how this will end”. Jeeeez thanks George.  @Cornwall4EU #PeoplesVote 
So the referendum to change Romania’s constitution to stop same-sex couples from securing the right to marry has failed here. This is a BIG WIN for LGBT people 
The SNP's leader at Westminster says his party's 35 MPs will cause "maximum disruption" in the Commons to disrupt the Tory government's agenda on Brexit and other issues  
I am getting really annoyed at these Britnats saying you have to ask westminster london england for a vote staying in this union Did You ask Europe the Union you are in to for a Vote on Brexit ?NOSo Piss OFF Scotland will do what it wants 
Had a great afternoon for @MiddlesexSU 's International Students Campaign, where myself and @AmateyDoku spoke about Brexit, and why there should be a @peoplesvote_uk on the Final Brexit Deal @FFSake_ and getting people excited for the Demo!  
Wealthy Brexiters pay £50k each to attend a Tory Leaders Group dinner to gain access to May and assorted ministers and get their views across personally.Meanwhile the entire British public won't even get a vote on the final deal  #Brexit 
People's Vote LondonOn Saturday the 20th over a 100,000 people are expected to march through London to demand a referendum on the final brexit deal. It would be great to see a large Plaid Ifanc delegation! There's a FREE bus going from Arfon, get in touch if you want a seat.  
Here's what I said on a second EU referendum a few weeks ago. Nothing has changed for me since.  
Sir Richard Dearlove, former head of MI6 “It’s deeply embedded in Russia’s DNA . . .  to disrupt our nations, to pursue their own national interest, to,. .  , reinforce Putin in power."So why haven't we had an inquiry into meddling in the EU referendum? 
Brexit Update: UK has a gun held to its head by people who think dinosaurs were put in the ground by god to test their faith.  
Do celebrities influence your opinion on Brexit? 
"There is no obvious way to rid the UK of the referendum mandate, other than allowing it to be discharged." This is very good by @JackofKent 
If MPs don’t see our concerns about Brexit in their intrays, it’s harder to complain if they ignore them. Please lobby your MP for a #PeoplesVote. 
Dutch-UK relations will survive Brexit but it would be better to remain, King Willem-Alexander says  
Unsure why the Irish border is proving such a sticking point in Brexit talks? Here's a guide  
The Pope watching Ireland spend money on having a referendum about blasphemy  
Exactly why Rees-Mogg wants no-deal #Brexit.He’ll make a mint. Ask him how much.As £ plummets, non-Sterling assets rise in value in £ Sterling.Rees-Mogg & his investors have $8.4bn worth!A 30% fall in £ increases the Sterling value of their wealth 43% almost overnight!  
Couldn’t live with myself if I sleep walked into what I fear is the other side of Brexit.... but thank you x  
Well done @scarcurtis excellent speech at her book launch. Now off to a comedy night to talk some comedians into getting more active on Brexit. 
After #Brexit has been kicked into the dustbin reserved for delusional national projects, there has to be a thorough going inquiry into how the @BBC has become the mouthpiece for the far-right, and why it has abandoned its role of informing the public. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
I now address all those people who voted for Brexit out of purely anti-immigrant sentiments.I'm sorry to tell you that your lives will get so much worse after Brexit, so fast, that in a few months' time you'll be wishing you could go back to the way things were. 
Julie Ward, Labour NW MEP has just claimed 1) that Brexit is 'fascist, and 2) That hundreds of thousands of people have contacted her by email.Really? Really? 
"Big issues" remain to be resolved before a Brexit deal is possible  - Whatever the final Brexit deal will be, it's not looking positive. That's why we're fighting for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Help make it happen:  
#Brexit is being sold out I think.TM has a plan, DUP away to meet Barnier & Olly Robbins is there to see his sellout complete.BRINO will satisfy enough MPs to pass HoC.Never any intention of bowing to voters.They're ready for the next lesson, we'll deliver at General Election 
It's not remotely "brutal". The Heute Show is timid and lame by British satirical standards. Its latest Brexit skit is merely a representative reflection of how Germans and other continentals view Brexit.  
Not a forecast, just an observation: every time parliament has had a major gateway vote on Brexit - a real stop/go moment - it has voted to proceed. May *deal* might be different, but I wouldn't necessarily bet on it. 
Brexit news latest: Majority of Brits now want to REMAIN in the EU, anaylsis of nearly 150 polls finds.Brexit is not the will of the people.Now a significant and growing majority want to #Remain.MPs must call a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain. 
Best of luck guys, the writing is on the wall - "The EU currently provides annual financing of £50m to Greater Manchester, £32m to Liverpool, £30m to Sheffield and £25m to the Tees Valley." 
I'd like a Terry Pratchett novel about Brexit in which Morpork tries to secede from Ankh. Nobby is put in charge of the customs house on the bridge, and Detritus helps with the admin. 'It work with the rockchain! It rock, but on chain. If you don't pay tariff, hit you with rock.' 
*Brexit Explained by a Rabbit*  
Dear @Conservatives,Young people need two things. Cheap stuff and opportunities. If your party cuts down our ability to work across Europe and pursues a Brexit which you know makes things more expensive, and reduces jobs here... you're finished.A #PeoplesVote is your only hope. 
Lecture @ICwS_SAS. British government has rediscovered the Commonwealth after Brexit but most of the Commonwealth wants UK to stay in EU as they will almost certainly face negative impact on their trade  
Surprised? #Brexit was steamrollered through, was based on little evidence, lacked a plan, strategy, consensus, impact assessments... in fact you name it, Brexit lacked it.The game is nearly up, genuine democracy requires the people to vote on the facts.  
We're marching! Join us on October 20th to march against this disastrous Brexit. Details here >  
Strange thing.  There seem to be a lot of reasonably old twitter accounts (5+ years) with very low numbers of tweets (<1000) that are suddenly cropping up replying with pro-brexit message on anti-Brexit threads.  New campaign by someone with a list of compromised accounts? 
To give you a glimpse into the madness slowly enveloping the ERG, @bernardjenkin is now seen as a traitor to the Brexit cause... 
Brexit news latest: Majority of Brits now want to REMAIN in the EU, anaylsis of nearly 150 polls finds - Evening Standard  
Brexiters like to refer to the “will of the people” to shut down debate, but it’s becoming clearer every day that the public is turning against Brexit. A #PeoplesVote isn’t anti-democratic. It’s essential. 
Today, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country would welcome Britain to the Trans Pacific Partnership "with open arms". For more about the global possibilities of trading after Brexit, download our podcast:  
There are plenty of good conservative candidates eager for the opportunity to stand for parliament. If Sarah Wollaston’s principles are to break David Cameron’s promise and to resist Brexit, so be it. But when Brexit is delivered she should go. #Totnes 
Forget economics. Forget trade.If you want to strengthen the Union.If you’re a patriot & want to maximise the UK’s influence.If you want to reduce our dependence on, & weakness, to big powers like Russia & China.Then fight to stop #brexit.Its your patriotic duty. 
What the hell is the point of Labour! If they abstain at the crucial vote on Brexit they might as well not even exist. Absolutely sodding useless. They don’t give a toss! 
Thank you @JimMooreJourno  - love it!!"The sign screaming “bollocks to Brexit” is a thing of pure beauty.It’s a piece of punk-rock art that ought to find its way into that Tate when this madness is over. pic.twitter.com/ra4U2Pae7G 
As a #leavernow I realise that the best way to deter immigration is turn the UK into a nasty impoverished shothole no one would ever want to come to. #brexit will achieve this 
In related news, Russia's neighbors are preparing to host a referendum on joining Russia. 
I’ve spoken in Germany often since 2016. There‘s still so much affection for Britain - and a real wish for us to change our minds.But at the same time it’s clear what Brexit is doing to our image abroad. They’ve had enough of the Brexiters’ arrogance and scorn. Brutal it is:  
Leader of Northern Ireland's DUP says wants Brexit that works for Ireland  
William of House Orange has declared against Brexit. Not sure anybody should care but it sounds catchy  
Land Rover blaming Brexit for job losses and factory slow downs. Land Rover have themselves to blame as they have built a product that’s way out of 80% of the populations price range and the fecking things cost a kidney to fix at every breakdown..! Sod all with Brexit.  
Liz Saville Roberts address @WalesForEurope event in Cardiff and opens by paying tribute to Steffan Lewis. #Brexit #thenextbutone 
Jaguar Land Rover shut their factories for 2 weeks due to a slow down in China and a regular annual lean up. Nothing whatsoever to do with Brexit do NOT believe the lies..... 
May's Tories & their puppets can't be trusted. Only UKIP is fighting for the Brexit 17.4M across UK voted for #ForTheNation #UKIPForTheUnion 
I still hope moderate Leavers who are prepared to debate honestly on meaning of Brexit & HMG's negotiated deal might see the merit via #PeoplesVote of legitimising their proposals to prevent any recriminations that UK electorate were misled of the risks and consequences of Brexit  
“Bannon, a former banker [and Hollywood Mogul/founder with Hedge Fund Billionaire of Cambridge Analytica and Breitbart] said... Brexit, Trump’s presidential victory and the election of a populist government in Italy “give the little guy a voice”  
The Brexiteers, like the Trumpists, are cultists.87% of Leave voters see the collapse of the NI peace process as an ‘acceptable price’ for Brexit? Madness.  
Brexit remains the single biggest threat to the Union. For me it’s always been simple: a United Kingdom in a united Europe.  
My contempt for those who would sacrifice NI peace process for Brexit is beyond words. 
Tomorrow’s #Budget19 will balance the books for the 1st time since 2007, better positioning Ireland for the yrs ahead. We will invest in schools, hospitals, homes, healthcare&transport & will make sure we’re Brexit-ready. Above all we‘ll continue to manage your money responsibly  
Puffed-up political pygmy Jean-Claude Juncker represents everything that is wrong with the EU - and reminds Britons why they are better off out:  #Brexit 
I’m here to remind you that it’s the Conservative AND Unionist Party and if you seriously think either of these “tradeoffs” are acceptable in any circumstance then I have no words...I say that as someone who supports Brexit: is a Tory & a child of the Good Friday Agreement.  
Cheltenham residents, if you would like your MP to debate Brexit with me on Saturday, & the case for a people’s vote with an option to stop Brexit, could I suggest you politely email him on alex.chalk.mp@parliament.uk & tweet him on @AlexChalkChelt 
Fellow Unionists just remember everything is fine regardless of what happens.No matter if or when the FM does call another referendum We now know for sure by her own words.That all referendums are subject to another run if you don’t like the result 
Well lads, that's Brexit done and dusted.  
Extraordinary @CCC_Research poll — A vast majority of English Tories support scrapping the Good Friday Agreement (75%) and Scottish independence (79%) as prices worth paying for Brexit. 
.@bbcnews coverage of Brexit was dire during ref - an important factor in resultOne aspect was they covered ref as a battle between 2 wings of Tory partyCorbyn said over & over that crisis in public services not due to immigrants but due to austerity. Hardly reported on BBC  
In pictures - the left hand charts - qualify as “stark”... on attitudes of English leavers and Conservatives re Brexit and tolerating Scottish independence, and collapse of NI peace process  
Earlier at #IBARome, we heard from a characteristically forthright Ken Clarke QC MP on everything from Brexit to the Iraq war to Russia. He says he’s an “old fogey” but he’s a political rarity these days, almost uniquely qualified and experienced. A few live-tweets in a thread.  
I love democracy and I voted NO in a democratic referendum in 2014. I didn't vote for an SNP government but got one , i don't like it but that's democracy for you. Grow up FFS.  
Media seems to be very quiet about the alleged progress being made in Brexit talks. Perhaps they don´t know how to handle one of the worst betrayals in our history. Why is May so opposed to a Canada type deal? Soros not want it? 
Robert @itvpeston  has admitted worst kept secret in broadcasting. BBC ignored negative impact of immigration in the referendum. they still do 
Sorry Boris but leave & remain does not constitute just a small difference in policy issue. Brexit is the most important issue of our time. Brexiteers & Remainers just cannot remain in the same party. It won't deliver the Brexit we voted for. Just a fudge 
Brexit explained in less than a minute  
‘Grabbing’ is the wrong word. Macron is merely doing what any sensible leader would do - offering assistance to all those firms left in the lurch by idiotic Brexit. Win win for France. 
Would Nicola Sturgeon give Pro UK people a second chance if she ever won a referendum. Obviously not. There is a word for this beginning with H 
*eyebrow* Class spite toward the homeless was a regular feature of life well before Brexit. New Labour effectively criminalised begging with civil orders. Cameron empowered local authorities to fine beggars. This is really *not* caused by Brexit.  
Kindly highlight which of these vows, promises and commitments, that helped win the referendum to which you refer has been delivered in full ? When circumstances change or promises are broken it’s only right to re-address. We all do this daily in our personal lives ! #yoonyawn 
A reminder of how clueless those pushing hardest for Brexit are. As always, the maxim #NeverTrustATory stands. Thanks to ⁦@JasonJHunter⁩ for his expertise and patience when dealing with these idiots. #StopBrexit ⁦@UKLabour⁩ ⁦⁦⁦⁦ 
They'll just have to vote again and confirm that Brexit is what they really want.Unless of course, you're scared they'll vote differently this time? You'll have to get back on the campaign trail if so. Hope you didn't spend all of that £625,000 on lollipops and Monster Munch.  
3. In fact, the trade for which Brexit removes all basis, is not only trade with EU members, but all trade done with third parties through EU trade agreements - from Norway to South Korea. By exiting, the UK will simply no longer be a party to that entire legal framework. 
Brexiters - if you all knew what you were voting for, and you all got what you wanted, and #Brexit is going to be such a success, why the FUCK are you all whining like toddlers laden down with a shitty nappy? Just admit it, you lost too.....#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
UK citizens are 6 months away from having their rights as EU citizens stolen from them on the back of an advisory referendum procured by liars.Never mind rioting if the result is reversed, I'm surprised people aren't up in arms over the #Brexit crime currently being committed 
Brexit is much more than a policy difference Boris ??  
Don't worry , Michael Gove says we can have dibs on the well off's rubbish.... See there IS an upside to Brexit.. #brexit #GetTheToriesOut #GovesBigIdea #Gove #SkipDivingForBreakfast 
Brexit news latest: Majority of Brits now want to REMAIN in the EU, anaylsis of nearly 150 polls finds. < So we should #WithdrawArticle50 and #StopBrexit 
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to block Theresa May's Festival of #Brexit -- add your name!  
Dear Kenyans,What exactly do you want to change via referendum? And are you not jumping the gun and rushing to what is the end of the constitutional amendment process? Anyone simply shouting referendum is offering you a meaningless gimmick. Articles 255, 267 and 257:  
Really? 3 days of talks between a politician not in government and the leader of Brexit talks? There's something more, or possibly less, to this story...  
If you’re angry and frustrated about what Brexit will do to people here in Northern Ireland, you can fight back!Help us get the word out across NI about #Rally4Remain on 20th October!@SorchaEastwood @WeAreThe56 
Brexit not on agenda for Theresa May's next cabinet meeting  Brexit doesn't seem to be a priority for the PM, which is why we have no faith that the final Brexit deal will be a good one. That's why we're marching for a #PeoplesVote: 
A dutch risk assessment of #brexit, for the UK. It's a year old, but still very relevant. 
Did you know: during the 2004 Vancouver municipal electoral reform referendum, @SuzanneAnton opposed First Past the Post.She is now one of the heads of a group supporting First Past the Post.Confused? Us too.#PR4BC #bcpoli #PropRep 
It’s not Brexit, it’s Betrayal.  
Translation: We can't afford to lose Scotland's resources - get back in your box.Scots voted for @theSNP's manifesto including a referendum if there are 'significant & material change in circumstances' - like UKgov dragging us out of the EU.Downing Street can get in the bin.  
"The voice of young people opposed to Brexit"  Huge congrats to #OFOC spokesperson @Femi_Sorry, one of @standardnews' Progress 1000 Changemakers for 2018So proud to have you working day in and out to represent the young people of Britain 
Deloitte's survey of  company bosses:- 79% think Brexit will hurt the UK's business environment- Brexit is "by far the biggest threat to business over the next 12 months"- only 6% still believe Brexit will make things better (down from 14% a year ago) 
Why is there so much fear of a Catalan independence referendum if the movement is "minority" and indy parties only got 47.5% of popular vote last elections?The fear is there because the majority is there.There is discord in all parties but more in some unionist parties.  
They short-sell SterlingA certain point into the Brexit turmoil sees them buy back Sterling & property (both at lower cost after collapse) & they make a sh*tload of £££.It's a disaster capitalist's dream scenario - no wonder they will stop at nothing to achieve it.2/3 
So here's how Brexit works out for those who will benefit (clue - it's not us 'ordinary' people):Investors sell UK property at peak pricesMove their business & wealth into the EU, exchange their £ for EurosBrexit occurs, so £ & property market crash1/3 
This is why the Brexit Elite are terrified of democracy & bluster against a People’s Vote: British people now know Brexit is a big mistake. Majority of Brits want to REMAIN in EU, major poll analysis finds  
@EuropeanPenguin @Brexit imagine if voters had had these 63 pages when voting on #brexit 
People deserve better than a shambolic Govt and fraudulent Brexiters who peddle lies whilst people suffer.“Government ministers’ trashing of diesel..., combined with their shambolic handling of Brexit is damaging the UK car industry and the supply chain 
I’m speaking about Brexit in Cheltenham on Saturday at 2pm and would like to invite the town’s Tory MP @AlexChalkChelt to debate with me. His constituents are very concerned to know whether he will support a people’s vote & if not why not 
courageous of  former BBC Robert  @Peston to admit what we have always known: the BBC ignored the negative impact of Brexit. They still do 
Holy shit balls. The SNP conference is “dominated by Brexit and calls for a 2nd independence referendum” says the BBC. I was there. No it wasn’t. There was a topical resolution on Brexit & a motion on international trade, but it was by no means dominated by those topics. 
$SPX vol risk premium has only been higher 4 times in the last 5 years, 2 of which were significant vol events in brexit/US election. We aren't even 3% off ATH's and mid-terms are still a month away, seems a bit overdone.  
Join @LeaveMnsLeave for our Save Brexit Tour in Torquay, Bournemouth, Gateshead and Harrogate. Don't miss out on seeing top brexiteers on stage, such as @Nigel_Farage , @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, Tim Martin , @OwenPaterson, David Jones and @KateHoeyMP. Visit . 
This is truly extraordinary--how lightly these people wear the possible implications of their disregard for the condition of peace in NI #Brexit  
I know who definitely would have voted leave in the referendum. Sweep! Defo a leaver. He's always so angry. And Emu. Emu as well. Definitely a leaver 
"[Arlene] Foster may find the Good Friday Agreement a deeply “frustrating” roadblock to her own private Brexit, but she forgets that the North voted to remain in the E.U.". 
A majority of English Conservatives would support the collapse of NI Peace Process as the price for Brexit. Just think about that & what it says of Conservatives-Little Englanders. Remember the peace process was also about the security of GB.  
1950s style racism. For Nix, interfering in foreign elections is just modern-day colonialism. High time the disgraced old-Etonian and his grubby firm Cambridge Analytica are investigated for potential links to the laws broken in the Brexit campaign.  
More Sturgeon lies on Radio 4 this morning:"The white paper was a detailed account of what independence would look like.""More Scots support independence than when the referendum was held in 2014."How do people fall for this nonsense? 
Stewart Lee on Brexit  
.@M_AndersonSF will be hosting a conference on Brexit in the Tudor Room, Westminster Central Hall, London, tomorrow from 10am  
In case you missed it...@NicolaSturgeon has told me that, although she has not made the call yet, there could still be #indyref2 before 2021 Holyrood elections. She'll decide what to do when there is more clarity on #brexit. Could be "a matter of weeks" she says. #SNP18 
Damon Albarn, Rita Ora, Jarvis Cocker and Ed Sheeran among UK musicians to sign open letter against Brexit  pic.twitter.com/01edofB77G 
What a strange cove : #GeorgeOsborne TMay fired him, so he hates her. Yet it was he and Cam who cooked this whole #Brexit thing up in order to outflank their internal enemies and take out #UKIP.They failed on both counts and now WE'RE in the #merdepic.twitter.com/NjjzwT1EI0 
Britain, EU play game of chicken in Brexit countdown  
Many if not most members of the SNP are sleepwalking towards a referendum not sanctioned by Westminster, and which will be boycotted by unionists (and scorned by the EU). This will be a disaster for all of us, yet incredibly, It may happen. 
Theresa May could need Labour votes to get a #Brexit deal past MPs. But not backing her doesn’t mean chaos. There is a third way: a #PeoplesVote. 
.@JohnSwinney: "A message of hope is what we need to bring to our country. As we wrestle with the uncertainties and difficulties of Brexit, as we battle to overcome the pernicious effect of Westminster austerity, our duty is to bring hope to this country." #SNP18 
Scottish Tory MP Stephen Kerr blasts Nicola Sturgeon over her call for Scotland to be part of the Northern Ireland Brexit backstop 
Making the case on @BBCSPSE for how a Canada-style advanced free trade deal would work for Dover and, crucially, honour the EU referendum. Also calling for @transportgovuk to get a grip, invest in Kent's roads and deliver the lorry parks we were promised. 
Julia Hartley-Brewer - "This is what I never understood about the Scottish independence movement."I don’t know why you are so desperate not to have any sort of rules from Westminster but you're quite happy to hand over a load of powers to Brussels." #Brexit #SNPConference 
When manufacturing jobs are inevitably moved to the EU post #Brexit, British workers will have not the right to follow the work. EU citizens living in the UK will not be similarly hampered. Another #Leaver own goal.#BrexitShambles 
Re Observer acting as propaganda rag for Theresa May: it is not wise for liberals to offer platform to those undermining liberalism; still less to give the Brexit leader a platform to encourage Labour MPs to help her destroy European liberalism. David Astor wouldn’t have done so 
Brexit, for example.  
No need for a "hard" border with existing technical procedures for behind the border administration which can also be enhanced in the future, says ex-head of UK Border Force. Respect for the Referendum result should not be jettisoned on a false premise..  
There are some very simple and important reasons why a Canada-style Brexit deal can't work for Britain, whatever Japan says | Chuka Umunna  
MEP's invited to appear on BBC Question Time in last 5 years: Anti-EU: 100%Pro-EU: 0%  #Brexit 
Good to see Brexit isn't a crazy leap into the dark. Oh wait  
The Brexit bridge. So expensive and dangerous you'd have to be insane to build it."About as feasible as building a bridge to the moon"Surely by now everyone must agree Johnson is an imbecile who should be nowhere near running the country.#PeoplesVote 
The very first elections in my country #Togo was on April 27th 1958 when we voted for independence in a referendum. My grandfather and thousands of his comrades sold one third of their crops to fund that referendum campaign. That today we be given food to vote is such an insult. 
In the last few days they've made it 100% clear why they insisted on sticking with Kavanaugh and no one else.They believe that by turning the whole saga into a referendum on  itself, they'll rouse the same people who voted for Trump to the polls. 
May's government attempting to deliver a policy of the right, by the right and for the right, that is not only demonstrably no longer the will of the people, but is a result delivered through the Leave campaigns fraudulent disregard of electoral law. 
Along with fellow Northern Metro Mayors, I'm calling on Govt to give us our fair share of funding post-Brexit. With research from @jrf_uk showing a growing north-south divide, it's never been more crucial for regions to control power & resources  
#peoplesvote is gaining a cross party dimension now with #SNP #LibDems and now #PlaidCymru. Proud to be supporting the growing number of Conservatives in #C4PV supporting such a #FinalSay  on HMG Brexit deal  
"Scotland voted in a pro-independence majority at Holyrood & the Scottish Government's manadate for an independence referendum is both clear & has been enacted. It is not in the gift of a British Prime Minister to grant the people of Scotland self determination." 
Surely Nicola Sturgeon can see the hypocrisy here.Her position is that, if she loses a referendum, then it must be a re-run - but if she wins one, we have to accept her say-so forever. 
This is really important. For those with MPs who have ignored you, declared for Brexit or that they won’t upset May. Keep contacting them. It really will make a difference! @peoplesvote_uk 
WATCH | Tusk's Insta post, now this. They're openly taking the piss out of our prime minister and who can blame them? They've wiped the floor with her! Britain deserves a leader who believes in the opportunities of Brexit, not an appeasing Remainer desperate for the status quo.  
Adam Price, leader of Plaid Cymru, says his party will support a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says her party's MPs would back a second EU referendum. She was speaking on the second day of her party's conference. More:  
Jean-Claude Juncker appears to MOCK @theresa_may by dancing on stage as he delivers speech in Brussels amid rising Brexit tensions  via @MailOnline 
"People need the truth and honesty from the politicians so that we can make an informed decision when we know the REALITY of #Brexit and not the FANTASY that was promised." #PeoplesVote  #EUsupergirl on @BBC Sunday Politics #StopBrexit @daily_politics 
Pls RT!  The People's Vote / Stop Brexit march and rally on 20th Oct - here is a list of coaches being provided, by area, plus tips on how to arrange more coaches. The page will update more on celebrity funded coaches soon, it says. 
Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland should remain in the single market after Brexit under the same backstop deal as Northern Ireland  
This is what #Brexit has done to us...RT if you are disgusted. 
 New poll: 59% of those polled say the @scotparl should have the final say on an independence referendum, including 56% of Labour voters. #SNP18 
Brexit is already paying off. I was happy enough when they told us there would probably be adequate food. Now they're allowing us to scavenge in rubbish dumps too!Amazing! 
1/ The government response to this petition contains the blatant lie that the referendum result was an instruction. It is a matter of law that an advisory referendum cannot be an instruction. #LeaveLies #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Are people still writing to their MPs on Brexit and the need for a #FinalSay/#Peoplesvote? If not, we should be. MPs get mail/emails on an endless variety of issues, and if their postbag is not dominated by opposition to Brexit they won't feel the pressure to act. 1/ 
A referendum to ban same-sex marriage in Romania has failed  
WATCH: "I don't want to miss out on the opportunities that the EU gives us. Make sure you join us at our #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  
.@RBS has warned that a "bad Brexit" could lead the UK into a recession.There can be no disputing that #Brexit, with or without a deal, will be disastrous for our economy.No one voted for this.No one voted to be poorer. #ExitFromBrexit 
Mike Russell draws gasps at #SNPConference fringe saying current Brexit talks are the easy bit. Next is negotiating new  trade & political relationship with Europe. This only starts when withdrawal deal done (inc Irish border & EU nationals). So nowt clear by March 
 When asked who should have the final say on whether an independence referendum should be held, voters back Holyrood over Westminster by 2 to 1 – with 59% supporting the Scottish Parliament and only 30% supporting Westminster. #SNP18 
Michael Gove warns that the will of the people is being trashed and urges people to vote leave for a Rubbish #brexit  
However, since the effing Tory party can’t even agree what Brexit means, it’s totally absurd to claim 17.4m voters did. Especially as some believed they’d get libertarian free trading and others were voting for protectionism. It’s definitely not going to be both. 
Will EU allow iScotland to join EEA halfway house? If no deal can we hold #Indyref2 in March? Big questions at #SNP18 fringe. Mike Russell says if no-deal Brexit “all bets are off.” 
Tories Blame #EU for Bonkers #Brexit as UK Government search for a scapegoat for their stupidity.#RemoveHeadFromArse 
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to block Theresa May's Festival of #Brexit -- add your name!  
Final question from my pupil...   if Scotland became independent would you want to be in the EU? #scotland #brexit #EU #indyref 
Brexit is bonkers don't  blame the EU!#RemoveHeadFromArse 
New poll - 59% of Scots believe Holyrood should have the final say on holding an independence referendum. Only 30% believe Westminster should decide. Unionist parties who want to stand in the way of democracy are not just wrong but on the wrong side of public opinion.#snp18 
Question 2 from my pupil ...Do you think brexit will give the UK better political and economic advantages? #brexit 
Due to the huge interest in the march on October 20, we just took delivery of another van full of leaflets to replace the one that arrived last week which has already been given out.Join us on October 20 to demand a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.  
The British people deserve better than this Brexit mess led by the Tories and abetted by Labour. The Liberal Democrats demand better. We demand the people are given the final say on the deal, with the option to remain. Join our campaign today >  
Brexit!I HATE you!!!! 
Remember that referendum where we decided to continue excluding younger candidates from being President because they might detract from the seriousness of the role. Good times. Goooood times. #Aras18 
SNP conference has just voted for an extension to Article 50 process and second EU referendum 
They showed the same in June 2016 and we voted leave. The most esteemed polling experts say there has been no moves either way so it likely be a repeat. Stop fighting democracy #Brexit 
Alastair Campbell - We have to fight for a #PeoplesVote with the option to remain. The #brexit that is on offer is not what was promised & there is no deal on offer that will not damage the country... so people should be out there campaigning for a #PeoplesVote.@campbellclaret 
"If it was up to me, we'd be independent yesterday, and failing that, we'd be independent tomorrow."Nicola Sturgeon says "patience" is needed before she makes a decision on a second Scottish independence referendum.  
This is a very important article #Brexit #Labour #Corbyn ⁦@RMTunion⁩ ⁦@fbunational⁩ ⁦@PaulEmbery⁩ 
The adviser from the Government's Brexit department who's already out and offering "strategic advice" on Brexit to paying customers - but neither he nor his former department want to answer the Eye's questions about it. For the full story, buy the latest Private Eye. 
Scotland should have its own Brexit backstop says Sturgeon  
The problem with a second referendum  
Brexit: SNP's Ian Blackford vows to cause 'maximum disruption' to Theresa May's government  
It is a lesson EU leaders are still failing to learn: Leavers will view a second referendum as a plot by the political class to frustrate their decision. They will not be wrong, warns @robertshrimsley of the @FT 
Not content with grabbing the UK's financial services after #Brexit, the President of France invited the heads of Renault Nissan, Vauxhall and Jaguar Land Rover, among others, to a private dinner at the Elysée Palace! 
it's hard to say anything original about the #IPCC report on #climatechange because none of the fundamentals of the situation have changed in DECADES. if you think Brexit negotiations are frustrating, it's nothing compared to global capital trying to outmaneuver the ACTUAL PLANET 
Totallly agree but I don’t think racism or xenophobia ever went away. Brexit has given the haters a platform to air their ills and blame others for their rubbish lives.And when the BeLeavers finally realise that life under Brexit is no better, who will they blame next? 
Those with countdowns to Mar 2019 may as well turn them off. We won't get anything resembling Brexit unless we radically change our political landscape. Likely we'll be in the equivalent of a CU until 2022, by which time, potential trade partners will be bored of waiting. 
the next time we come with our facts about how disastrous Brexit will be and someone claims it's all worth it to be an independent sovereign country, as well as pointing out that we already are, let's ask them how this Extra Bonus Sovereignty™ will benefit them personally. 
Are you hearing this, ⁦@theresa_may⁩? You keep banging on about the will of the people. You could go down in history as the PM who had the courage to end this madness. There’s still time. We don’t want Brexit. Cancel it. The people will thank you.  
A second Brexit poll is a bigger risk than leaving - @robertshrimsley on brilliant form about the deep problems with a "People's Vote"  via @financialtimes 
I think it is important as an ex BBC journo proud of this great British invention how badly BBC editors have let us down over its Brexit and general EU coverage this century. @Peston @rogermosey 
The poorest regions of the UK received some of the highest EU funding. But that lost money won't simply be replaced after Brexit, because Brexit means less GDP.The simple truth is, Brexit will make Britain's regions poorer. Unless we stop it with a #PeoplesVote 
The failure of the referendum in Macedonia has shaken Merkel. "He said that an agreement between the two sides should be supported,  that is. Without giving it a  thought, the chancellor refused," the unnamed source said.  
#ReferendumAgainst35ADear @narendramodi ,People of J&K today delivered their verdict.Participation of nearly 80% electorate in #CivicPolls in #Jammu & #Ladakh & a paltry 6 to 8% in #Kashmir is a referendum against 35A.Repeal 35A, 370.No excuse. 
With 57 out of 61 polls in 2018 showing a Remain majority, the only democratic resolution to Brexit is a #PeoplesVote on the deal.Anything else would constitute being dragged out of the EU against the express wishes of the British people. 
May will destroy the Conservative party and the country if she manages a sell out Brexit using Labour votes. She has to go.  
This really is priceless, and unintentionally revealing about state of Brexit discourse  
.@JeaneF1MSP to Ruth Davidson: "Right here, right now the greatest challenge that our NHS faces is the disaster of Brexit. And you are doing nothing, nothing – to stop that and protect our health service." #SNP18 
It says something when I've got zero respect for politicians who're still supporting this massive Brexit shambles.That's no respect for the Tories or for Labour, who're doing nothing at all to #StopBrexitWe need to get these f**kwits out of Parliament. 
No we're not very angry at EU but we're very angry at YOU @Jeremy_Hunt#StopBrexit 
"We simply can't mitigate all the damage a No-deal Brexit will do"Jeanne Freeman MSP 
"We will not sit back and allow Scotland to be dragged out of the single market and customs union against its will. We will not be complicit in a blind or a no-deal Brexit." 
Liberals say that the music industry will die if we continue with Brexit. I think that’s what I hated about the 60’s and 70’s, there was no bloody music until we joined joined the EU. 
I didn't want to go there, because I know it's divisive. I just wanted to sow the seed.The way I put it back in my blunter days was: "Brexit split the country into those who knew that imperial arrogance was just part of our national humour, and those who didn't."#TheyNeedUsMore 
Non-UK Person: “How’s Brexit going?”Me:  
On the day after the 2016 referendum, I wrote, "A dark and malevolent genie has been allowed to escape from its bottle. It's going to be very difficult to get it back in again." How I wish I could hold up my hands and say, "I was totally wrong...". 
I’m gradually starting to get that Leavers & even many remainers don’t get how serious #brexit is.Its descended into a fun knock about partisan game for many but in actual fact for the 1st time since the war everyone’s life could change dramatically In just a few months. 
My column for @telegraph on the current #Brexit work & continuing need for an Irish backstop  
Court THROWS OUT APPEAL. Vote Leave and Leave EU CHEATED AND BROKE THE LAW - Guilty as charged -REFERENDUM MUST NOW BE SEEN AS UNSAFE 
The foaming-at-the-mouth #SNP say they’ll oppose any attempt to respect the referendum result and leave the #EU. Fair enough. If they win their next Scottish “independence” referendum, we shouldn’t respect that either. 
When Raila Odinga says "Referendum is a must", is he we? Are we him? First, we need to know what is the referendum question? The times of " Baba has said so it is bad or good" are no more. We need a referendum. Yes. Why? Convince us. Times have changed! 
Alan Pardew has donated money to help people attend a Brexit protest march #wba 
Plaid Cymru is pushing against Brexit, and for independence, in a Wales that voted for Brexit, and consistently polls against independence. They couldn't care less about what the people want, says Tim Black 
#Sturgeon says #SNP will back new #Brexit referendum  
Support for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal continues to grow.Grassroots groups have now organised coaches to the march on October 20 from over 60 locations, with more added every day. To find your nearest departure point, and purchase a ticket, visit  
FULL STORYFM tells me on Sky News at @theSNP conference that it would be her position that if a Brexit single market backstop is negotiated for NI some version should also apply to Scotland:Via @alixculbertson 
Lots of good points in this piece. And it's as true about Brexit as it is about Trump. We still have zero idea what actually went down on Facebook. Because Facebook is still refusing to tell uscc @DamianCollins 
"I think most people thought they were actually voting on taking back control."SNP MP @PeteWishart on the difference between the Brexit and Scottish independence votes #SNP18 
No surprise the SNP backs a second EU referendum - they didn't respect the result of #indyref either. Do Remain campaigners realise they're opening the door to #indyref2 and the breakup of the Union? 
Most Leavers do not understand that the freer the trade the more the interference in domestic policy. There are regulations, health & safety standards, environmental policies, workplace rights and monitoring & adjudicatory bodies. Absolute sovereignty is a myth.#Brexit #FBPE 
Surely even Nicola Sturgeon can see the rank hypocrisy here.Her position is that, if she loses a referendum, then it must be re-run – but if she wins one, we have to accept her say-so forever. 
“I don’t think you can accuse me of indulging Project Fear” says Sturgeon after I suggest there is an irony her of doing so re Brexit medicine shortages “these are UK Gov analyses”.FM points to pulling of a European clinical trial at a top Scottish hospital “because of Brexit”  
Translation: Theresa is feart, says a referendum "will not be permitted" & will try to block it using a majority at Westminster derived from England & NI Unionist extremists. Too bad its not going to be up to her & Westminster recently accepted the Scottish People are sovereign. 
It's not because Brits have all suddenly become massive Europhiles....It's because we know there a real problems in this country which aren't being fixed because Brexit is distracting everyone. 
Same party, same family, same ideology, same 419, same brothers of #FulaniHerdsmen, same are sponsoring Miyetti Allah.The only solution is #Referendum#FreeBiafra from #Nigeria#BiafraReferendum #BiafraExit #Biafra 
RT if you believe you have been lied to by the #Leave Campaign (& the entire #Brexit process) and Also if you would Vote #Remain if you were given a #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote.If you want a #PeoplesVote please continue to spread the message... 
FM tells me that the UK Government has not kept the Scottish Government fully “looped in” on No Deal planning, that it got just 3 days’ notice to correct the technical notices, and the SG is taking own measures to address possible Brexit medicine shortages  
Here is yet another Brexit irony. The warm part of Jeremy Corbyn's lukewarm remain campaigning was protection of worker's rights as first codified in the EU Social Chapter. We were originally opted out of this. Guess who opted us back in? Tony Blair! 
The polling conducted October 3rd-5th featured Scottish Independence questions for "tomorrow" "after Brexit" and "after a no-deal Brexit"  and found the following:  
Me too- on the day there was a large anti brexit march- tens of thousands marching through the capital- zero coverage and the news were leading with Farages fish dumping story- got back 'Farage is an important figure' really?Which other MEP gets that coverage? 
A clown in clowns clothing. I  cannot stand the man, nothing more than a court jester in bygone days. Druggie, champagne socialist, I remember his abuse of the fishermen during the run up to Brexit vote. Needed to clarify he is supporting democracy in video, just in case  
Brexit news latest: Majority of Brits now want to REMAIN in the EU, anaylsis of nearly 150 polls finds | London Evening Standard #Cornwall #Devon #Somerset #Bristol #Dorset #Wiltshire @Cornwall4EU⁩   
Nicola Sturgeon on a second referendum for Brexit and Scottish independence  
Waiting until beyond 2021 to secure a second referendum on independence is a suicidally reckless plan doomed to certain failure.  
The Brexit dividend has arrived  
Wow. Even South Korea’s confidence in POTUS down from 88 to 44 percent, despite falling “in love” with NK’s Kim Jong Un. Britain drastically down after Trump’s open support of Brexit. Even Hungary, where an authoritarian anti-immigrant government rules, shows a radical decline.  
"The Brexit elite cannot sort out this mess – only the people can." Read why @BashOIbrahim thinks a #PeoplesVote is so important for the UK's best interests: 
If ppl knew what they were voting for when voting for #Brexit why have the Gov't spent 2 yrs trying to work out exactly what that means? They still don't know!It's time to #TakeAction#WriteToYourMPDemand a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain #BinBrexit 
This is what #Labour leadership on #Brexit looks like.Thank you @SadiqKhan A #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain in the EU? #YesweKhan 
Romania spent over $40 million on a referendum to ban same-sex marriage. Few bothered to vote.  
This is not true. The only reason a second vote is needed is the total shambles created by the govt, the failure to agree on what Brexit means, the lies it is founded on, the dubious funding behind it and lack of sustained support for it.  
Nicola Sturgeon hasn't called for a referendum. She has said she'll wait til the Brexit situ is clearer. This No. 10 statement is boilerplate rhetoric and literally worthless in terms of news. Remember Nick. Your job isn't just to parrot this stuff. Check it against actuality.  
Leave Means Leave’s @JLongworthLML: Theresa May is failing, by her own criteria, to make Brexit mean Brexit.  
“When we get the second independence referendum the vast majority of Scotland is voting aye!”Tens of thousands gathered on the streets of Edinburgh over the weekend to call for Scottish Independence.   
4/  In the UK it was Brexit. Grievances were exacerbated on Social Media by Russian bot accounts over immigration, over perceptions the treasure of the UK was being used by Brussels to prop up weaker countries in the EU. At its heart were messages designed to divide & cause hate  
Anyone seeking to understand Ireland’s position on the #brexit negotiations would do well to watch this interview by Tánaiste & Foreign Minister @simoncoveney. 
Judging by Germany's equivalent of Saturday Night Live - the Heute Show - Germans are not taking Brexit negotiations as seriously as we might hope. This is brutal;  
Nicola Sturgeon tells @PeterAdamSmith she will pursue another Scottish independence referendum regardless of any Brexit deal  
Brit David Miliband who pulls down a salary of nearly $700,000 annually to resettle refugees in US as CEO of the International Rescue Committee, a federally funded NGO, donates to bring buses to anti-Brexit rally in UK.Why not just go back to the UK? 
Nicola Sturgeon just doesn’t listen or do democracy. To demand a second EU referendum, at the same time as saying a future vote for Scottish Independence should be respected, whilst at the same time ignoring the clear decision of Scots to stay in the UK is breathtaking hypocrisy.  
Shocking! Civil servant laughs at the public being deceived over brexit and that they will continue to pay EU after withdrawal but will hide it from the public! @theresa_may this is treacherous! @Jacob_Rees_Mogg has there been an investigation? 
Oops, that was 10.  Like everything with Brexit, the question is not whether it’s going to be bad, as all Brexit outcomes are bad, but how bad UKGov is willing to make or let it be. The experience of the last 2 years suggests the answer to that is always very bad indeed. 12/12 
Yes, it's why the @BBC's lack of coverage of key matters of public importance relating to the criminality in the referendum has been such an issue as per @NickCohen4's brilliant @nyrb article 
#Wetherspoons boss @TimMartin ambushed by anti-Brexit (US) protests at #CPC18 #BollocksToBrexit 
Robert Peston says BBC failed to deliver impartial and balanced journalism in its coverage of the referendum. It comes after analysis of Question Time guests show  there has never been a pro-EU MEP on the programme  #Brexit #Media 
The Romanian government wanted to change the subject from its corruption by promoting a homophobic referendum against marriage equality. Now that the referendum has failed, time to focus again on the corruption.  
BBC NEWS AT 6pm AND 10pm!Really pleased to see my 'Bon Voyage #Brexit' banner being put to good use too!The dogs are demanding a #FinalSay... Brexit is FINISHED!#Wooferendum @WOoferendum #StopBrexit 
Brexit 'boosts case for Scottish independence'  
Unfortunately with climate change like brexit, people will only believe it when it hits them directly. Problem is, by then it will be too late! #politicslive the media are hugely responsible in Britain for the level of skepticism 
More Scots voted to stay in UK than to remain in the EU. It suits SNP to talk in percentages. However in numbers of votes in Scotland:EU referendum vote to Remain 62% = 1,661,298.IndyRef vote to remain in UK = 2,001,926. She has her view, but doesn’t speak for Scotland. 
Brexit 'poll of polls' finds a steady shift to Remain, which now has a 4 point lead #PeoplesVote 
Don't 'cha love all the folks who predict violence "if #Brexit doesn't happen."Right.And then what?    
Great news for Brexit Britain! Lets make sure we get out of the EU as soon as possible to we can embrace these global opportunities.  
1/The great eye-opener of Brexit is that it's shown us how unfit many of our politicians are for the job.This is mainly due to the UK electoral system. The FPTP system means that the only real "talent" every MP needs is the ability to win an election in his/her constituency. 
Ordinary rules of conventional politics cannot be applied to last 2.5-3 years in Brexit Britain: Ken Clarke at #IBARome 
“Anybody who tells you they know what will happen in British politics is deceiving themselves. We are in the middle of a mad, anarchic situation as every other western democracy.” Ken Clarke when asked what he thinks will happen on Brexit negs. 
Arguably the biggest Brexit lie was that voting Leave would give 'the establishment' a good kicking . Actually the rich will do fine but the poorest will have to cope with the hardship and degradation of the unemployment we are inflicting on ourselves.   
The support for independence is RISING in Scotland. And that's before Brexit even happens. The Union is dead. #PoliticsLive 
“Feck. Arse. Drink. Girls. Brexit. That would be an ecumenical matter”  
Lot of conflicting views on what’s being called Brexit “hell week” this week. This is the latest I’ve seen, and looks like things are not progressing as fast as some predicted. 1/  
"As part of his leadership bid, Vaughan Gething promised to back a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal." - yet refused to back such a position in an Assembly vote last week. 
When will one of the major televised news outlets in the UK properly report upon the anxiety, stress and anguish caused to the "pawns" facing loss of their homes, careers, loves and aspirations as a result of Brexit? The talent leaving the NHS and the country at large? 
Someone called Amanda Chetwynd-Cowieson is raging against "the elite" in the latest anti-Brexit press release. Couldn't make it up. 
People's Vote march: the celebrities funding coaches to Brexit march - please share! #PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexit @nusuk 
There is a whole world out there. Instead of letting May trap us under EU control & Brexit in name only, we should quit with either a FTA or no deal on WTO rules, sign a trade deal with the USA & enter the Trans Pacific Partnership. We need a full Brexit..  
In June more than 100,000 campaigners marched against Brexit. On October 20th organisers are expecting an even bigger crowd calling for a People’s Vote.  
This is appalling - Tory Brextremist Bernard Jenkin saying of the Scots "we let them vote in our referendum". As with the attitude towards Ireland it shows #Brexit to be thick with a toxic & mix of rabid English nationalism & imperialist arrogance.#PeoplesVote #FBPE 
My first trip to Britain! Summer '76I have been coming to the UK for 42 years; i speak, write, work, dream and love in EnglishI know all episodes of Dad's Army by heartI like vinegar on my chipsYet with #Brexit all of my work/love/life planning (in the UK) is fucked. pic.twitter.com/PA2dNMe0QY 
 - Wayne Rooney on Jose Mourinho- Sean Dyche on Brexit- Harry Kane on Tottenham's new stadiumOn last week's #Perfect10 show we challenged @DFImpressionist to some quick fire questions.Wait for his Roy Hodgson on Harry the Hornet... 
Brexit just keeps getting more attractive.  
Boom! Cuts through the #brexit crap like a samurai. Scotland is gonna leave. If #brexit happens then they're on a sinking ship with the captain still steering thinking it's gonna make a difference.  Time to leave methinks. #indyref2  I don't want people to suffer 
Amazon is handing cash to a radical Muslim charity whose founder backs female genital mutilation and child marriage, but Amazon UK boss Doug Gurr thinks it's a clean Brexit that will cause civil unrest... Support us at  
As predicted, May continues to ask the EU to move - knowing it won’t. I’ve been pissing myself all weekend at the “positive Brexit news”. 
YouGov poll of SNP members on how they'd vote in a new Brexit referendumREMAIN 93%LEAVE 7%F/w Oct 3-6 2018 
The Essex leg of my Brexit SOS tour, 7pm today at the Marconi Club, Great Baddow. Guest speaker @BrexitStewart - all welcome. Question & answer session after speeches. Remember - every district in Essex voted to leave the EU. So let's do it. 
Here's a brief thread on where we're at with Brexit: My understanding is that @MichelBarnier will NOT produce a draft on the Political Declaration on Wed as had been expected. At the very most it'll be an annotated paper (headings, no text) and even then it won't be adopted Wed 
Brexit "boost Scots independence case"?What planet are these people on? SIXTY ONE PERCENT of our trade is with rUK. They want to slap forex, tariffs and customs on top of that?It's time this idiocy is put to bed and they are made to answer for it. 
Great speech by @AngusMacNeilSNP “ we shouldn’t have to ask the UK to do right by refugees, we should have the power to do it hear in Scotland.”Conference delegates on feet to applaud his calls for a referendum on Scottish independence.  
This dog's dinner #Brexit isn't what anyone ordered. The only way we can clear up this mess is a #PeoplesVote. Join our #PeoplesVoteMarch for the Future on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote:  
Fixed-term Parliaments Act (FTPA) means PM cannot ram any #Brexit "deal" through parliament as John Major rammed through Maastricht in 1993.  
The four local Remain parties SF, SDLP, Alliance and Greens who travelled to Brussels last week have asked for a joint meeting with the PM on Brexit. 
I've been talking about idea of UK as a 'zombie union' for years  Feels like Brexit could be the catalyst to waken the undead.... 
87% of (overwhelmingly Unionist) Leave voters in Northern Ireland see the collapse of the peace process as an acceptable price for Brexit and 86% say that of a Yes vote in IndyRef2 
A Brexiter commented to me here yesterday that the 'UK will trade on its own terms with ROW' after Brexit. The more I think about it the more arrogant it becomes - what planet do these ppl live on that they believe the UK is such a big fish on its own? It's delusional. 
Observer made a big mistake. They can’t be a Brexit propaganda rag & true to their values. David Astor wouldn’t have taken an article from Anthony Eden asking Labour to back Suez  
Fascinating - and v worrying for unionists - research just coming out today from Edinburgh and Cardiff unis. Clear majorities of English Conservatives would support Scottish independence (79%) or the collapse of the NI Peace Process (75%) as the price of Brexit. Wow 
Hi @DominicRaab - We know so far you haven’t been a fan of talking Brexit with young people. We’re young people of your party. Will you let us talk to you about why we think @peoplesvote_uk is the most important thing for our generation? Our DMs are open for you. #PeoplesVote 
10 Downing Street spokesperson: There can be no "[withdrawal] agreement without a precise future framework." Suggests May won't settle for a blind Brexit — vague, aspirational words about future trade — but in reality that's the only thing that'll be on the table. 
Jaoanese PM says his country will welcome  'with open arms' a trade deal with Britain post Brexit. A trade deal impossible if we stay yoked to EU 
Very interesting German take on #Brexit Blaming Merkel & condemning the #EU negotiators 
Less investment ===> Lower growth ===> Fewer jobs ===> Less public income ===> Lower spendingIt may take years, but the inevitable outcome of Brexit is a poorer, weaker country, bereft of opportunity.Still time to think again #PeoplesVote 
Just a day after the referendum, some 10 billion euros in capital deposited by Spanish public companies and authorities were withdrawn from Catalonia's top 2 banks, claims report   
"If that Tory-DUP arrangement collapses on a Brexit decision, then the price for a new Executive will be much higher than it was in February. The DUP will need it more than Sinn Fein"BEYOND BROKEN- ⁦@BrianPJRowan⁩ 
If #Brexit is such a great idea, how come no other government is following suit? 
I have also come to believe that corruption cannot be the sole issue around which the 2019 is to be decided.  The election will be a referendum on the incumbent. Has he fulfilled his campaign promises? Is cost of living cheaper? Have we grown as a nation & as a people? 
Uh oh. Theresa May appears to have put Brexit talks on go slow again. No10 say:1. No Raab visit to Brussels this week confirmed2. PM wants “a precise future framework”3. There may not be a deal at the EU Council next week after all, only a commitment for one “this Autumn”. 
Japan open to UK joining TPP post-Brexit as countries PM says UK would remain "equipped with global strength"  
Interesting piece. Though I would expect Brexiters to continue to argue, and get traction with the argument, that the Ref remains relevant to the shape that Brexit should take as the future terms are negotiated, even if they "should not" because the Ref result has been discharged  
This weekend, the SNP and Plaid Cymru joined those calling for #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal, already endorsed as an option by #Labour and supported by the LibDems, the Greens and an increasing number of Tory MPs. Beginning to look likely? 
Europe is closing a trading loophole that banks were relying on to cope with Brexit@FBPE @J_amesp @TheNewEuropean @acgrayling @carolecadwalla 
May's offer seems to be a hard Brexit or a no deal crash out because that's what some 50 odd Tory MPs insist upon. Surely the Commons and if need be the people need to remind her we've had enough turmoil in order to keep the Tory party together 
AM session underway -Barnstorming speech from @IanBlackfordMP on intent of our 35 MPs at Westminster to hold Tory UK Government to account on Brexit & they’ll not allow Scotland to be silenced & @scotparl shown contempt. If Tories do so, SNP MPs will take all steps to thwart them 
"Portaloos along the M20 is not a contingency plan for what happens after Brexit."GMB Political Officer,@SarahOwen_ speaking on #BBCSPSE 
How can the BBC justify paying such an extraordinary salary when he can't challenge or sadly maybe won't challenge interviewees and seemingly gives easy passage to Brexiteers ever since the EU Referendum campaign. 
While Taylor Swift is speaking out against Trump's Republicans, Ed Sheeran and a whole host of musicians are speaking out against Brexit.  
Anna Soubry - I'm not going to be drowned out by a couple of people who have all been down the pub... I know you're not going to be put off by the #brexit bully boys... we need to make the case, make the argument & demand a #PeoplesVote!!#March4Sunderland @OpenBritainNE 
British Remainers should not assume that the 27 would be eager to facilitate another UK referendum on Brexit, write the @CER_EU's @Beth_Oppenheim & @AgataGostynska in the @Telegraph: 
"we are heading for a monumental sell-out, a great betrayal of the British people & a fraud on democracy"100% right by @LeaveMnsLeave's @JLongworthLML on just how far May's Soft-Remain BRINO breaches not only agreed Brexit criteria but even her own claims 
#Brexit has created hatred on a scale i would never have believed, i see all the hate trolls on twitter, i see it on the streets, Theresa May is now asking @UKLabour voters to support her, support your hostility towards the sick, the #NHS etc, fuck off Mrs. May #ChangeIsComing 
Westminster @thesnp leader @IanBlackfordMP makes it clear we won’t vote for any #Brexit deal that harms Scotland’s jobs & economy in keynote #snp18 speech 
We will not surrender UK to disaster capitalists or disaster socialists or Putin or TrumpHad our gov't been honest it would have analysed the options & rejected advice or held an informed #PeoplesVoteHad our referendum been free & fair the majority vote would have been Remain. 
So many unanswered questions....Elliott, Cummings et al. claimed to be so professional, so much more organised than LeaveEU and the Remain campaign yet left the delivery of their 'vital' 'winning strategy' digital campaign to two men and a dog above an opticians shop in Canada!!! 
"One myth is that Trump & Brexit supporters voted against the system rather than for the offer. 'Protest theory' is popular because many people struggle with the idea that voters might want less immigration, stronger borders & value the nation state" 
Musical stars including Ed Sheeran, Rita Ora and Damon Albarn have warned Brexit would put the country in a “self-built cultural jail”.  
IB: The democratic outrage of Brexit is crystallising the case for Scotland having the full control over its own affairs - no wonder that polls are showing support for independence at record high levels. #SNP18 
"In the end... the best way to be sure that the deal on offer is what the British people voted for in 2016 would be to ask them in a new referendum on the terms, once they have been agreed, with remaining in the EU one of the options."  
This weekend, the proposed anti-gay marriage referendum in #Romania was voided due to low turnout (less than 20% ofRomanian’s came out to vote!). It is good that this homophobic referendum failed, but it is outrageous that there was held in the first place.  
That will be the Conservative party dead, then.  I'm a lifelong Tory and am terrified by the prospect of Corbyn but if Brexit is betrayed I shall never vote Conservative again.  Should have ousted Treason May in July (if not sooner). 
The reality of border controls post Brexit. Switzerland is closely aligned with the EU!  
Nicola Sturgeon: "We would not stand in the way of a second referendum, a so-called people’s vote. SNP MPs would undoubtedly vote for that proposition.”  
#Referendum another distraction from the real issues of kleptocracy, waste, corruption, debt. Kenyans crying for justice and change not legal reform @Maskani254 @WanjikuRevolt @wmnjoya @WanjeriNderu @MUHURIkenya @okothkenneth @DonaldBKipkorir @theelephantinfo 
IB: The Prime Minister thinks she can dish out threats - it is her way or the highway and expects us to write her a blank cheque for a blind Brexit. Well I have a message for the Prime Minister, we are not the Labour Party. We will not dance to her tune. #SNP18 
Brexit anxiety for businesses 'at highest since referendum'  
You will need to ask the Brexit team. My point is that for decades we have traded goods across the border that have had different duty rates (before any EU!) and so if we can do it now we can do it in the future. 
“Britain is a red telephone box in a world of smartphones”. An outside view of Brexit. @davidschneider @haveigotnews @Comedians4EU #StopBrexit 
I think this is the most important point about brexit people don't get -Even *WITH* a deal our trade, and by extension just about everything this country requires to even function, is TOTALLY FUCKED outside the customs union. 
One of the weirdest argument in the entire #Brexit debate is the demand that people should “believe in Brexit”. Approve of it, love it,hate it, support it, fight it, all fine. But why is this a question of belief? It’s not a cult,is it? Is it?? 
Feedback on  'Congrats on the website. It's  excellent! I haven’t taken much interest in Brexit mainly because I can’t be bothered to wade through the empty rhetoric.  This is the 1st thing I've seen which gives plain facts in an easy format.  Well done!' 
BBC News - Brexit: Japan 'would welcome' UK to TPP says Abe Good news that TPP would welcome UK to its trading Group.More Trade with Japan,Australia,Canada,N Zealand etcWould be great going forward.Any news that hurts the EU strengthens our hand. 
Theresa May’s message to Labour MPs: “support my deal or else you will get a Hard Brexit”Theresa May’s message to Hard Brexiteer Tories: “support my deal or else you won’t get Brexit at all”They can’t both be right.#Brexit 
Whilst everyone’s busy worrying about Brexit and international trade the most important leadership challenge of our times continues to be ignored - in the words of ⁦@Greenpeace⁩ ‘Act now idiots!’ 
Indeed, so many unanswered questions David, for example; why was $34m transferred from US Cambridge Analytica to UK SCL Elections in the year of the EU referendum and the US election, when the gross income of Cambridge Analytica was only $25m, as revealed by the @CommonsCMS 
Former Scottish Brexit minister, Michael Russell.. 'Brexiteers have lost contact with reality'. #AllOutPolitics #Scotland #Brexit  
Sturgeon 'very foolish' to back second Brexit vote says former SNP deputy leader  
1/10. Our favourite heart-warming of photos marching against #Brexit at the #Wooferendum march yesterday. Thanks to all the pooches (& their owners) who made it such an incredible day! Thanks also to our incredible team of organisers, helpers & stewards who made it possible. 
When Brexit voters so called ‘won’ the referendum. Did they also win the right to demand there should never be another vote? Or the right to insult and ridicule anyone who disagrees? Or worse of all threaten violence if they don’t get their own way on Brexit? That’s democracy? 
Agreed. @ianbirrell makes the same case as I have repeatedly made - that parties need to work together the achieve a sustainable solution for NHS and social care. Agree also that there’s a massive risk that immigration rules, post-Brexit, could make situation far worse  
Reports that Brexit is dead will be confirmed this week if Theresa May proposes that we stay in the Customs Union. Equivalent of signing the Brexit death certificate . 
I totally accept the result of the referendum.I don’t accept that ‘no deal is better than a bad deal’, I don’t accept citizens losing their rights, I don’t accept ‘sunlit uplands’, I don’t accept the constant lies about the Irish border.#PeoplesVote is the pragmatic solution. 
Ireland's Deputy Prime Minister thinks a Brexit deal is 90% complete. If Ireland and the EU like this deal, it's not the deal I voted for. #Nodealisthebestdeal 
This has to be peak Boris: Proposing to solve Brexit by building a bridge too long, over a strait too deep—on top of 1.5 million tons of explosives, chemical agents and nuclear waste.  
#PoliticsLiveNormal balance of Brexit haters on today's show, and a pro Brexit comedian for "balance".Any notion of BBC impartiality is a joke! It's propaganda.  
We watched an unelected chamber deal with Scotland’s BREXIT concerns. Not one Scots MP could make representations. We also watched Lib Dem, Labour and Tory Scots MPs ignore Scotland. They went to the pub to watch the World Cup! 
Announced yesterday at #SNP18:- An Infrastructure Commission to support £7 billion of investment. - An advice service for EU citizens worried about Brexit. - A new victims taskforce to improve victims' experience of the justice system. 
Imagine how riled Leavers will be if they drive a No Deal Brexit but can’t get compensation when their holidays are cancelled.  
Business anxiety over #Brexit is at highest since the 2016 referendum, a @Deloitte study has found.No one voted for hiring to be reined in. We need a #PeoplesVote 
"We need to stop Brexit and come to grips with the many economic and social problems that have been sidelined during this terrible diversion."  
I'm quietly confident that the chapters in my books are still going to be relevant when it comes out on November 1st.Immigration; Islam & Islamism; Political Correctness; The Nanny State & Classical Liberals; Brexit; Trump; LGBT; Feminism & The Age Gap. 
"The Brexit Saga is madder than a box of hallucinating frogs." My column on the persistent failure to resolve uncertainty over Brexit, and why that matters in and of itself.  
Powerful & tearful contribution from a German lady who has to take sleeping tablets at night as she’s so worried that she won’t be allowed stay in Scotland post #Brexit - there’s draft agreement on citizens rights but need an entire withdrawal deal to bring that in #SNP18 
A Conservative Party inquiry into Boris Johnson’s comments about burkas could be expanded to include his description of Theresa May’s Brexit plan as a “suicide vest”  
"The very short-term stuff is the fog of Brexit. That is causing a major problem in terms of what costs consumers will face in 2019. If the pound gets devalued further, energy prices will go up again. That is unequivocal."  
Here’s the ERG’s dilemma in a nutshell - “make do and mend,” or risk wrecking Brexit altogether...  
Arrived at EU Commission in #Brussels along with @annmcgregor from @NIChamber to discuss #Brexit & NI with Taskforce 50NI needs a deal!  
Military Chequers sees the UK remaining in EU Commission structures which the PM eagerly joined AFTER the referendum.Therefore the UK Armed Forces are being pushed further into the EU than even the losing Remain campaign was arguing for in 2016.  
Brexit’s gonna be a blast, folks.  
"The Brexit that Theresa May is trying to deliver is impossible & potentially extremely harmful"WATCH: @alexander_olly, musician from the band @yearsandyears, calls for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal - march with us on Oct 20th:  
A referendum to change #Romania’s constitution to stop same-sex couples from securing the right to marry has failed after it did not attract enough voters to validate the result. The message is clear: There is no place for homophobia in Europe!   
A "Burma Brexit" - why Remainers should allow the Brexit mandate to be discharged 
Apparently while SNP consider supporting a second referendum to overturn a prior referendum result, Cherry decides a second #indyref referendum isn't even necessary to deliver the result they want.  
Brexit: It's time to check our English privilege  
In January Boris Johnson claimed Brexit can deliver even more than £350m a week to the NHS. Just weeks ago Theresa May claimed the bulk of her pledge to boost spending on the NHS by £20bn by 2024 would come from a “Brexit Dividend!” Today we hear THIS 
Jeremy Hunt you do not speak for me. I am angry with the UK govt ,the U.K. opposition , the U.K. HoC ,the U.K. HoL allowing a ref bought on Russian interference & electoral fraud to deny me of my rights and privileges as an EU citizen. #PeoplesVoteMarch #Brexit #StopBrexit 
So it turns out that when they tell you on the train to report anything suspicious to the police, they don't mean the american president or brexit. 
1) Get ready for a big #Brexit week this week - in Brussels and U.K. 
The best thing that can be said about Romania’s referendum on making same sex marriage less accessible, is that the majority of sane people just don’t care enough about who other people love, to go out of their way to destroy their lives.  
2. How much longer can you ignore the lies & lawbreaking which led to a Non-Binding small maj opinion 37% voters 26.5% of the Ppl?You lost your mandate & bought one post #GE2017 altho a multi issue GE can't be used to validate #Brexit.A #PeoplesVote can 
At this critical period of the Brexit negotiations its vital that our local businesses are in Brussels. This is a time for business voices to be heard loud and clear. Our economy, our future prosperity are in jeopardy due to Brexit. 
Brexiteers must hold a press conference/press release with lawyers & accountants & explain to the British people what Mrs May's chequers plan would mean for Brexit. Many people are getting fake & misleading info that needs to be addressed. Chequers is not the Brexit we voted for. 
Supporting something potentially catastrophic  because we had a vote over 2 yrs ago, does not give you the moral high ground. Trying to stop the country going ahead with Brexit, or at least allowing them to reflect on that decision, is just the sensible thing to do 
"You'll still be paying Angela for #Brexit until 2064 under Theresa's plans"Cold, hard research daily from the Pro-Brexit Facts4EU team:  
The SNP’s @S_A_Somerville tells @SkyNews there is a stark contrast between the SNP government at Holyrood - delivering progressive policies to take Scotland forward - and the Tory government at Westminster offering despair on Brexit, more austerity and social security cuts #SNP18 
BREAKING: No deal Brexit - May’s crisis talks MOCKED as ‘Project Fear' – Brexiteer backlash.Rees-Mogg "It appears that Downing St is in a state of panic. It is the job of government to avoid panic, not create it."Why hasn't May been booted out then 
With the heat on, disgraced minister Fox is now desperate for a quick getaway, knowing that he and his fellow cohorts, like all criminals, will later return to the scene of their crime to finish the job...... 
Brexiteer MPs need to be on Mrs May's case 24/7. They need to keep up the pressure.They need to keep pushing a Super Canada deal as an alternative to the Chequers plan.We need to have a Brexit caucus across party lines, including all Brexit MEPs. They all need to share a platform 
Brexit, special series: where are we on the #citizensrights of European citizens? For our French speaking followers.@NicolasHatton on @FrenchMorningNY 
Wow the betrayal of Democracy & Democratic process by Govt & Opposition in choosing to either ignore this or kick it beyond #Brexit is blatant. #RevokeA50 annul this debased #Brexit & give ALL voters a #Finalsay a #PeoplesVote + #Remain optionRESPECT the PEOPLEConfirm the Will 
The Tories' post-Brexit plans are looking cheery  
“Spain's royal family and government joined forces to force banks, large companies and multinationals to move headquarters in order to generate panic [in Catalonia after the referendum].” Classic cut off your nose to spite your face. Classic centralist Spain. Shameful.  
Freedom of Information request forces govt to reveal the road chaos that a no-deal #brexit would cause:  
Japanese Prime Minister @AbeShinzo says the UK will be "welcomed with open arms" into the Trans Pacific Partnership (TTP) of 11 Pacific countries incl. Japan, Canada, Malaysia & Australia. He also rightly said the UK will still be “equipped with global strength" after Brexit  
According to @IrishTimes it looks like it’s R.I.P. for @KeepVat9 .It beggars belief that @Paschald and @campaignforleo would be preparing the country for #brexit and knife the one industry that is thriving on the proper rate of 9% VAT @IHFcomms @Irishtourismind 
Nicola Sturgeon has beautifully ensured Brexit is the dominant issue of this SNP conference. BBC Scotland reporters are desperately trying to manoeuvre the narrative onto Indyref2. Interesting observing them struggle. 
2. More important than this (from @guardian. The Independent and @washingtonpost also led on it, along with the @BBC. London Times leading on Brexit.)  
Martial law. I understand if you're bored with Brexit, so are we all, but don't be 'bored' into a fascist state. Now is the time to speak up (after March 30th it could get you arrested). #PeoplesVote 
As the #IPCC warns of the havoc we face from unchecked climate change, worth remembering that most leading Brexiters are also deniers of climate science.Why stop at ruining a country whan you can ruin the whole world?#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
"If you have to win a campaign by dividing people, you're not going to be able to govern them.You won't be able to re-unite them later."@BarackObama said this and it's very applicable to Brexit and the climate it's created. Where do we go now?I hear you and agree Richard 
Putting up the sign is not a criminal act. Brexit is the criminal act.#VotesShouldBeFair @UKEUchallenge @BremainInSpain 
Romania's referendum on banning gay marriage has been voided after weak voter turnout  
Clare Foges: Many of those who voted Leave will be hardest hit by Brexit, while the elites it was meant to punish remain unscathed  
Grateful to @JuliaHB1 for her agreement during our chat on @talkRADIO that the Scottish Government does indeed have a mandate to hold a second Independence referendum.  As Jeremy Hunt might say we can't be held prisoner! :) #indyref2 
Women are set to be disproportionately impacted by Brexit. And yet, women make up only 11% of the UK's Brexit negotiations team. We must ensure women's interests are fairly represented in determining the outcome of Brexit. We must demand a #PeoplesVote 
Dear Leavers. The truth is out, there is nowhere to hide now, whatever you thought you were voting for is exposed for an undeliverable lie. By continuing to support #Brexit, all you are doing is giving disgusting morons like those trolling poor Tanja a sense of legitimacy. Enough  
1/7 A shortish thread digging deeper into the Irish Cheese industry's preparations for Brexit. I've pointed out before before the level of diversification has been exceptional. Even if it has slowed a little in recent months (!)  
It's estimated that the UK will take 30 years to recover from #Brexit. #Climatechange experts are predicting we'll be reach full blown environmental crisis in 20. Stop breaking apart and start pulling together humans, you only get one chance at this. 
On #bbcgms @NicolaSturgeon confirms that @theSNP MPs support for a 2nd #EU referendum across the UK will be unconditional but we will make the case for Scotland’s position to be protected in the event of us being outvoted again  @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit #SNP18 
Another Brexit story in the news this morning concerns the Japanese PM Abe welcoming UK intention to join TPP. Here's what I wrote last month on TPP - it involves signing up to someone else's rules to show UK good intent...  
A worrying trend emerging of UK commentators talking up the prospect of civil unrest. Given that all seem to be pro Brexit seems to be a dangerous political ploy  
From broken promises to blatant falsehoods, why The Hundred is English cricket’s Brexit moment | The Independent. ⁦@jonathanliew⁩ quite brilliantly joins the chorus for “forget the 100 & celebrate & invest in what we already have”. 
Anyone else see the irony of a report on limiting the damage of climate change being followed by a story about the U.K. being welcomed into a free trade agreement with countries that are thousands of miles away and will therefore incur more carbon emissions?#r4today #brexit 
If there's ever been a "Project Fear" then this is it: populist scaremongers talking up the likelihood of violence if they don't get their beloved Brexit. Anyone making this argument should be ashamed of themselves.  
'You can do anything..except of course #Remain in the EU & have the right to live work love in 27 other EU states as 83% of you want. I'm removing an entire level of Rights post #Brexit, & reducing job prospects cos of the will of 26.5% ppl.Vote 4 me & I'll shaft your future. 
"If there's another opportunity to reaffirm our desire to stay in the EU then I think we would take it" - @NicolaSturgeon on possibility of so-called People's Vote  #Brexit  
Nicola Sturgeon said that SNP’s call for a new referendum on independence is justified because of the chaos over #Brexit.  
There was no call for a second referendum in 1975 because the democrats who lost — Peter Shore, Barbara Castle, Tony Benn, et al — were not so anti-democratic as to call for one.Because of that decision, we, the people, had to wait 41 years before the next! 
Nigel's absolutely right to expose Geldof's millionaires' club. Their claims Brexit will destroy the music industry are truly laughable. This is a purely political play. Support us at  
Next time someone claims "no one voted to leave the Single Market" in the EU referendum, you can set them straight if you've read @stuartcoster's piece for @BrexitCentral today, who reminds us what the Remain campaign itself told voters it was all about. 
Don’t be derailed by referendum and handshake nonsense.Remember these storos are not even a few months old. Zimefika wapi?- NYS 2- Kenya Power- Kenya Pipeline- NCPB- Ruaraka land 
“It’s vital we don’t educate people or they might not believe impossible promises written on buses or our statements that austerity is over or that we’re a moderate party or the ‘party for working people’ or that our Brexit is anything but a catastrofuck”  
I have just been called a " fuckin liberal" in the street.My liberal crime was giving 50p to a homeless man in the town centre.Brexit has enabled hate to a degree that I have never seen before. 
And while Britain takes one smack in the face after another, as it lurches from garden rake to garden rake-Let us take a moment to thank Brexit voters for the BLUE FUCKING PASSPORTS we can use as beer mats down at our local Wetherspoons pub. pic.twitter.com/piPWTDdmVm 
#LBC Between 10:00 to 16:00 LBC James O’ Brien & Shelagh Fogarty show. This is what Brexit & Donald Trump supporters think of you two Muppets on thr radio. Change the record same bollocks everyday. Your boring us to death.  
Broken promises, divisive rhetoric, enforced austerity. A column on how The Hundred became English cricket’s Brexit.  
IEBC ready for referendum, set to cost Ksh.12B – says Chebukati  
I took a look I saw dishonesty over brexit.I saw racism. I saw cruelty to the disabled,to the windrush generation I saw disregard for the ppl working but still having to go to food banks  I saw excuses for the harm austerity brought and victim blaming . I’ll stick with labour 
The ban of same sex marriages in #Romania failed! A clear signal to our common european values! Thanks to brave human rights & #LGBTI activists! The #referendum was a backward step! In #Europe is no place for homophobic stances! #LoveWins   
There’s something cynical about a bunch of celebrity Remainers paying £1000 each to ferry “young people” to the #PeoplesVote Brexit protest march in London. Who says you can’t buy votes?   
“All of our attempts at compromise over Brexit have been dismissed by the Westminster. I want an independent Scotland to cooperate with the rest of the UK on the basis of equality”: @NicolaSturgeon #GMB #SNP18 
On @GMB @NicolaSturgeon emphasises that #Brexit has highlighted the democratic deficit for Scotland in the U.K & the need for equality within unions - contrasting EU with UK. For @theSNP the debate about #Brexit & #indy is rooted in democracy #SNP18 
++Congratulations Harlow voters++Job losses in Harlow as pharmaceutical company moves all its operations to EU “entirely due to brexit”.Your regular reminder that Harlow voted for #brexit.Trebles all round everyone!  
“I have campaigned for independence all my life - I believe it offers the best future for Scotland.“The Brexit vote highlighted the democratic deficit... Scotland is a nation and since 2014 circumstances have changed significantly.” @NicolaSturgeon on @GMB #snp18 
FM: "The Brexit vote really highlighted a democratic deficit - Scotland's vote wasn't heard... All the arguments that we've made for compromise since then have simply been dismissed." #SNP18 #GMB 
On the fudged  #brexit deal now being sought by the #government :  (@InFactsOrg) 
Exactly this: “There has to be a democratic event, and I choose these words wisely, it doesn’t have to necessarily be a referendum, it could be something else...” @joannaccherry quoted in @ScotNational 8/10/18 
Job losses in Harlow, which voted strongly FOR Brexit.  
Significant and welcomed development from @theSNP in supporting a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal - the same weekend as @Plaid_Cymru.Time @UKLabour & @Conservatives leadership see sense and back it too. #NotMyBrexit 
I said that Brexit would result in the complete annexation of Scotland by the English state. I wasn't wrong.  
YAY *great* news. Whilst we've spent over 2 years fighting an unnecessary, advisory fraudulent referendum we've got less than 10 years to save the planet. 
The final say on #Brexit was given 2 years ago   
A 50% vat hike will put many small restaurants like ours out of business. This while facing in to the unknown of Brexit, which could massively affect tourism. Independent Alliance concede hospitality hike to avoid diesel chargevia @IrishTimes 
More shocking evidence of an MP quite simply refusing to do his job of engaging with the people he was elected to represent. And another sign of the way that Brexit is undermining our democracy.  
Tories 'hope to woo 25 Labour MPs' to vote May's Chequers plan through the Commons. What is May's real motive to keep UK under EU control via Chequers in direct opposition to Brexit? Surely we are entitled to know? 
Scotland's First Minister says Brexit makes Scottish independence 'inevitable'. #Scotland 
BREXITJean-Claude Juncker says he won’t miss the British Press once we’ve left the EU. The feeling’s mutual. He's everything that’s wrong with the EU & why it’s vital that we leave, and leave in less than 6 months. And when we do, we’ll raise a glass to a bright new future.  
Listen, I have very little money, am not a Bot, but I am a Tory Party member. I find your actions to thwart Brexit dishonest and disingenuous as you stood for the Tory GE manifesto, I will be working hard to get you deselected! So stop whining, you brought it on yourself!  
RAILA Odinga controls Kenya's politics right now everyone has shifted to Referendum talks 
A Dad’s Army-style Brexit looms. ‘Don’t panic!’ | Anne Perkins  
LETS BE CLEAR - Brexit is as much about blatant racism as it is about the rich evading taxes as it is about the rich controlling YOU keeping the working man down for THEIR benefit....  WAKE UP BRITAIN-you can and should change your mind-NHS or Brexit it is your choice not theirs 
Deloitte interviewed 95 big company finance bosses. Half warned that hiring will slow over the next three years because of Brexit.What do they know? They're only the people who actually do the hiring.#StopBrexit. Put jobs first. 
Morning, Disunited Kingdom. Discussing on @GMB in a mo how Brexit increases support for independence in Remain Scotland. Must show @toryboypierce where it is on the map 
Order Honourable Members. Now, those in favour of a referendum say NAY. Those against a referendum say YES. The NAYS have it. 
Fascism folks.It's here, it's now. The wannabe despot has stitched up the supreme court and pretty soon he'll be stitching up anything else he can get his hands on.Theresa May is depending on this man's good graces to soften the pain of Brexit.Sleep tight.  
After long deliberation, I am In favour of a second Brexit vote, even if the precendent would also mean a confirmatory vote on Indy terms following a Yes vote....why would we not do that? 
With a turnout of 20.4 percent, the government-backed two-day referendum meant to change the country's constitution to ban gay marriage was ruled invalid. 
#LBC LBC is 45 years old today. Was fantastic Radio Station years ago great presenters. Now Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing always. James O’ Brien the worst radio presenter in . Then got Shelagh Fogarty the same Brexit  bashing & Donald Trump bashing next 3 hours.   
This is what real grassroot pressure looks & feels like @sarahwollaston & it's what produced #Brexit. You have deliberately set out to deceive for personal gain at the expense of your constituents whilst undermining negotiations, you stood on a pledge to Leave, not a peoples vote 
I’m speaking on Brexit at Nottingham University - Portland Building - at 6.30 this evening. All students & university staff welcome 
My FT column on why a no-deal Brexit would be in reality be a multi-deal Brexit.  
"People in Scotland are sick of the Tory government telling them what to do... The democratic outrage of Brexit is crystallising the case for Scotland having full control over its own affairs“ - @IanBlackfordMP:  #SNP18 
Brexit: The British Chambers of Commerce says the services sector representing 76% of GDP, had "given up" hiring staff, lowest for 25 years. Services & manufacturing firms investment in plant/machinery/training fell to the lowest level in more than a year.  
We will have a Referendum so Raila who will be 80 can become "president" in a country where 80% are below age 35??? Go preach this mythical bridges in the ocean so fishes can hear #Referendum 
When dogs and politics mix, it's impossible to ignore the campaign  #Brexit#Wooferendum 
I have no words... clearly Brexit will result in all creativity drying up, our voices going silent, and no one will want to be famous artists anymore...  
Brexit can and should be stopped  
WATCH: Hundreds of dogs marched through London to protest against Brexit  
Theresa May's mounting workload: From Brexit deal to courting opposition  
Dog’s dinner! Anti-Brexit pooches hound parliament for a 'Wooferendum'#Brexit #WooferendumMarch #Wooferendum 
Government whips can rally as many Labour MPs as it likes. It won't change the fact that the deeply unpopular and unworkable Chequers is unacceptable to the EU.Canada+ is perfectly acceptable to the EU and infinitely more popular with the British people #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit  
DP Ruto says he has no time for referendum talks. He says he is only going to take part in voting and not the referendum debates #DayBreak 
Has anyone done the 'not allowing horse racing on the opera house is the kind of elitism that made trump and brexit happen' take yet? 
Incoming8Interpol asks China for information on its missing presidentRomanian Referendum Seeks To Broaden Same-Sex Marriage Restrictions In Eastern EuropeDHS & HHS are under investigation for destroying records of immigrant families separated at the border/ pic.twitter.com/olkYtqhkzP 
There's something going on in this world, and it's not all down to a few advertisements in Facebook for Trump or a fluke vote for Brexit.  Explaining it as an aberration only disarms those who may have legitimate objections.  
Romanian referendum to ban same-sex marriage fails due to low turnout  pic.twitter.com/GkaH2QnKiE 
Trump, Brexit, Bolsonaro. Angry peolpe make stupid choices.  
Petition: If there is no agreement to leave the EU then brexit must be stopped  
WATCH: Hundreds of dogs marched through London to protest against Brexit  
A referendum to change Romania's constitution to restrict marriage to between a man and a woman has failed to reach the required 30-percent turnout  
The global causes are harder to identify. What connects Trump, Brexit, Bolsonaro and the like? Clearly social media is a huge factor. Also rising inequality and the lagging political fall-out from 2008 global crash. (1929 depression also took a while to spawn fascism). 
Please remember one thing #JohnnyMercer, Politicians such as yourself and Sarah are the Political servants of the People! So kindly get over yourself and get on with the Democratic mandate of the People namely.. #BREXIT or step aside and let others do the task! #StandUp4Brexit 
Hundreds of dogs and their owners rally in London to howl for a new people's vote on Brexit #WooferendumMarch 
Scotland has no memory of who or what you were before - if now you want Independence!We don’t care where you came from, for now you are one of us!If you want to be free of Westminster and #Brexit, or even be an EU Citizen  again, come to Scotland - and be welcomeSaor Alba 
They d need 25 MPs but Chequers Deal is so far short of CU & SM as to be as reckless as Hard Brexit  
A referendum on the definition of marriage has dominated Romania recently and diverted attention from graft and the justice system  
Tragic commentary on the state of UK.NONE of these things was forced on UK - there is no enemy creating such.They emanate from a govt that declines to permit its populations to decidewhether the rewards of Brexit are worth the pain.The UK deserves a #PeoplesVote ASAP! 
The only way to guarantee austerity will end and #Brexit will be delivered is by returning a #Corbyn led #Labour Government.@UKLabour members who argue Labour should ignore the explicit instructions of the 65% of constituencies which voted leave are #campaigningforthetories. 
Brexit anxiety for businesses 'at highest since referendum'  
"Britain's businesses are suffering from Brexit-related uncertainty as exports slow, recruitment difficulties mount and investment plans are scaled back." 
Yep. I also think that legally speaking, Brexit is a removal of rights that goes against the human rights act, plus it puts into question the Irish peace process which is another potential breech of international law. As 4 another say, it becomes necessary as impasse is reached 
Brexit is barking.Great photos from today’s #Wooferendum march. Well done to everyone involved.Next up, join the #PeoplesVoteMarch to #StopBrexit on 20 October. 
Japan says it would welcome post-Brexit Britain into the Trans Pacific Trade Pact ‘with open arms’. Good to know who our real friends are. 
Newspaper headlines: Post-Brexit trade and diabetes "scandal"  
What Blair was good at was timing. Fighting his 1st GE against an 18yr long Tory govt mired in sleeze meant Labour's time had come. JC was fighting his 1st GE 2 yrs after Labour badly lost a GE & with Tories propped up by Brexit divisions, but pls don't let facts spoil your spin  
One very important thing to note about the Act of Union Bill is that it would need a referendum for it to be enacted and that referendum would require a majority in each of Scotland, England, Wales & N. Ireland. One of them doesn't return a majority then it can't be enacted. 
Nearly 1 in 2 Labour voters wants to Remain in the EU. And you're telling me Corbyn has to respect the referendum or he'll lose support in the north??Do me a favour.#PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
No matter what they get - Brexit, immigration controls, registration schemes, hostile environments, deportations - it’ll never be enough. It never is. 
Amazed that the anti-Brexit "dog protests" just made the evening news here in Washington...what? 
Here we are 2018 4 yrs from the last Independence referendum Suddenly up pops AUOBOrganising marches for no apparently good reason.The FM and deputy of the SNP have said now is not the time.But AUOB Ltd a private for profit company are pushing marches.Who & why are they  
From the tiniest terriers to a lumbering leonberger, hundreds of dogs led their owners to Westminster on Sunday to demand a final vote on Brexit in an event deemed a "Wooferendum."  
The @Conservatives rank-and-file have had enough? Jesus wept! 17.4m plus people have had enough of @Theresa_May's shenanigans and shambles. Get us OUT. #Brexit #Brexitbetrayal #MayOut #CETA+++ 
SNP logic.."Brexit will trigger indyref2".Now Sturgeon commits SNP to second EU referendum vote to block Brexit...which might otherwise trigger indyref2...and her clapping seals lap it up.Idiots. 
Brexit is either a cock-up or a conspiracy. I am getting a message that a person high up - anonymous - says 'conspiracy'. Planned for decades, ruthless, willing for Britain to take a hit, even long-term. As good as a march will be, it won't do it. We must up our strategy. 
Finchingfield, Essex, England. Population: 1,471. Met 4 wonderful people & discussed briefly issues including the dreaded “B” word ...  #Brexit. Probably meet the rest 1,467 at next Village Hall Meeting! Beautiful British countryside. 1st outing w The King since accident Feb 2018  
I don't think it's complicated at all, the notification date was chosen for tax evasion purposes & the referendum was bought & paid for to facilitate that date 
Failed: despite conservatives pulling out all the stops in anti-#LGBT #Romania referendum to redefine ‘family’.   
#Poll Sadiq KhanWould you prefer that Sadiq Khan spent 100% of his time on London matters, like knife crime and tube strikes, rather than campaigning against Brexit?Vote & Retweet 
Howard Hastings who employs 900 people in the North tells the @sundaybusiness Brexit is a ‘monumental folly with apocalyptic consequences’ and calls for a #PeoplesVote. Let's avoid the folly, time to #Think32 
1950-1990 major problems were often blamed on Russia - they were ‘behind’ Civil Rights, Irish Republicanism, union militancy, feminism.Today major problems like Brexit, Trump, the Right in Europe, are blamed on Russian influence.It was stupid then, and it’s stupid now. 
These UK Army Tweets are the best thing since brexit.. #BTS#BTSinLondon 
Another weekend fighting #Brexit. When I think of the amount of time and energy I have spent, I can’t help but think what a wasted two years of Govt focus, time and money to achieve something which will make our country worse off. The stupidity of Brexit is the hardest to take 
Hey, @cliodiaspora I can't begin to tell you how disgusted I am at the abuse you receive. But I'm a huge fan of yours and your efforts to stop Brexit. My son is too young to understand it, but when he is, I'll make sure to tell him what a hero you are. You and many others.  
remember: Brexit will not kill your favourite stadium is-it-ironic-or-not trance and handbag house raves. But it will kill the possibility of bringing smaller and more interesting acts to the UK. So now is the time to enjoy these lineups while you still can. 
Difficult to see how an honest person can 'honour' a referendum that is tainted by the findings of the Electoral Commission and the ICO, and whose slim mandate was irradicated by May's 'give me your mandate' election in which the electorate gave her their answer!!  
But what good is any of that when nobody has made a donation in 20 days? When so many now tell me that they cannot support my campaign because it is not, in itself, anti-Brexit?  16/ 
Earlier this week, as I was doing some prep for my @CakeWatchCast debut, I realised that today would, for me, mark *1250 days* of public pro-EU campaigning - since the EUref obviously also against Brexit and for citizens' rights. That is a long time and worth some reflections. 1/ 
There were those who said it would never happen. There were those who said it was impossible. There were those who believed that "full Brexit" would never be achieved. They were wrong.  
Donald Tusk warns that Putin is aggressively trying to cause chaos & division in Europe, with “very clear traces of Russia’s engagement in the #Brexit referendum campaign”.#PeoplesVote 
UK (Scotland), Survation poll:Scottish Independence ReferendumYes: 47%No: 53% If the UK leaves the EU...Yes: 50%No: 50%No-deal exit from the EUYes: 52%No: 48% Field work: unrevealedSample size: 1,013#indyref2 
Trump is going to use Brexit to make the UK pay more for drugs for the NHS. Could we actually damage our union any more if we tried. I have never lived anywhere where people seem to want misery more than the UK. 
Disaster capitalist and founder of the pro-#Brexit think-tank #Legatum New Zealand billionaire Christopher Chandler bought Maltese & EU citizenship. Meanwhile Theresa May robs it from the British people. One rule for the rich...#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
So @bbcnews can’t get hold of @RuthDavidsonMSP for answers about #darkmoney, bigotry & sectarianism, Brexit or austerity.Instead of blacklisting her, they HIRE her.Not only do they hire her, they hire her to comment rate on @theSNP conference?Does anyone still believe Aunty? 
5) there's a danger that Canada++ becomes acceptable.  It's a "proper" brexit & better than no deal.  But it's still rubbish for the UK.  And the fact that the EU27 are prepared to offer it simply means they're engaged in damage limitation, not because it's good for the UKEnd/ 
The time for criticism, compromise & endless talk about Brexit is over. What we need now is for brexiteer MPs to take action to stop May betraying us. We didn’t vote to leave the EU  just to be sold out by some BRINO fudge - all the rules with no say.  Deeds not words. Action NOW  
namjoon on his way to stop brexit  
Something smells wrong. The petitioners for the #Romania anti-same sex marriage referendum gathered 3 million signatures to make it happen ... but mysteriously they couldn’t get three million people to vote for it (20% turnout x 18m = 3.6 million total votes) #RomaniaReferendum 
Chronic underfunding of NHS, policing, fire service & Education.No respect for our doctors, junior doctors, consultants and nursing staff.Sweeping cuts to legal aid.Northern trains debacle.Carillion debacle.Brexit debacle Looking afresh, i’m looking aghast.Worst gov. ever 
Great to end the #WooferendumMarch at Downing Street today to deliver letter to @theresa_may on why Brexit is barking mad for people & pets  @wooferendum @PeterEgan6 @LushTimesEN @campbellclaret 
So #leavers - let us be absolutely clearThe #PeoplesVote is NOT as second referendumIt is a #PeoplesVote on whatever offerings @theresa_may brings back from BrusselsIt is wholly DEMOCRATIC to let the people decide whether to accept this, or reject it out on hand - #fbpe 
I urge readers to join us at the March in London on 20th October. Nobody voted to prepare for this shit, nobody. The reality is #Brexit is not in the best interests of our country. #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain 
1) It's still Hard #Brexit - threadCouple of things to point out as we head to "Canada ++++"A) it suits the EU as a fallback butB) as far as the UK is concerned, its still damaging, draining, hardest of hard Brexits & nothing to be celebratedHere's what we've forgotten 
BREXIT BOOST: Japan praises UK's ‘GLOBAL STRENGTH’ and extends invite to MAJOR trade pact  
TORY #Brexiteers today stepped up warnings to Theresa May not to seek a deal with Brussels that shackles Britain to the EUEx-#Brexit Minister David Jones added: "We must not be dancing to the tune of the EU" 
Hardcore remoaner: British bands can't tour in Europe without the EU.Real life: Here's a picture of the Beatles in Hamburg where they lived in the early 60s (decades before the EU existed).@guypratt really is living up to his name #Brexit pic.twitter.com/u2Ct9raeVO 
Just rewatched S2, ep1 of @MrJamesMay's Cars of the People (a fab series that really should be available on DVD), and I reiterate: delusion, entitlement, nostalgia, flawed product, zero planning - the seeds of the collapse of British car industry are also manifest in Brexit  
EU's corporate tax harmonisation plan is a bigger threat to Ireland than #Brexit. The State could lose €4bn in taxes if it is adoptedAnd yet Varadkar thinks the EU is the bee's knees via @IrishTimesBiz 
Romania LGBTI advocates jubilant as referendum to redefine the family fails  
Sturgeon says SNP would back a new referendum on the Brexit deal - @C4Ciaran reports from Glasgow 
.@NicolaSturgeon will be live on your  and  early tomorrow morning - as @theSNP is giving people hope for a better future while the Westminster parties fall apart over Brexit #snp18 (1/2) 
Me: British mutuals: BTS BRIT TAKEOVAHH INNIT PENG NANDOS ALL DAY GOD SAVE THA QUEEN OF ENGLAND BREXIT TEA AND BISCUITS ROADMAN   
Juncker is totally and incorrigibly authoritarian. And so are his EU comrades. Brexit is therefore our best and only viable decision.  
1. Ceuta and Melilla ARE NOT colonies. They have autonomous las like murcia or Asturias. 2. They voted the Spanish constitution referendum and both voted their own Statutes of Autonomy. So yes. They voted to stay in SPAIN. 3. Melilla is Spain since before Navarra. 
Dara Ó Briain absolutely nails the ignorance of some British people over the border and #Brexit : “Number one, it's not the Irish border, it's the British border in Ireland. The Irish border is the beach...” via @joedotie 
Yup, you nailed it. Chequers always leaves the door open for a possible overturning of the referendum result down the line. Super Canada would be true freedom from the EU. That's why she is still persisting with Chequers regardless of nobody wanting it. She's selling us out. 
Romania marriage poll: Referendum on definition fails  
She joined Vote Leave and switched sides in a cold calculated manner designed to cause maximum damage. She also stood on a manifesto to respect the result and now calls for a second referendum. Time for Totnes to have a second vote on her !  
No wonder our politicians are reluctant to Brexit; the are dead SCARED  
Fun fact: more Londoners voted for Brexit than for Sadiq Khan.  
I am beginning to admire the optimism of those still trying to put a positive spin on Brexit; if they lost a leg each they would consider it a saving on shoes and socks. 
Howard Hastings employs 900 people in Northern Ireland. He tells the @sundaybusiness Brexit is a ‘monumental folly with apocalyptic consequences’ and calls for a #peoplesvote. Maybe the DUP will listen to him?? 
Tomorrow's front page... FM says Scotland will go independent in case of a no deal Brexit. Plus Yes rally picture special!  
You are just a mayor and no longer an MP or part of a government ...... just concentrate on stopping the murders on your streets, #FGM in your city .. and get Cross Rail back on track .... leave #brexit to those who we voted for  
Brexit, Salisbury, TrumpJust in a days work for my guys....  
Is this the same AFP which declared #Macedonia renaming referendum as valid even though the 36% turnout was far below the legal limit of 50%+??? 
European media have gone crazy for the "wooferendum", pets marching against #Brexit. Examples:  & 
bts in londonjoon: ive come to stop brexityoong:i this chain? 1 poundjin: what you sayin im worldwide pengtingjungkook: what you lookin at bludhoseok: pass da bluntjimin: bare clapped gyal try talk to me fix up famtaehyung: why is everything in pounds? why is it so heavy? 
Thank you to all that came to the #Wooferendum for those that couldn’t come we shouted extra load for you  @wooferendum#Brexit isn’t over and we will keep fighting against it  
The Latest: In Romania, low voter turnout voids a referendum on a same-sex marriage ban, election officials say.  
.@Nigel_Farage hits out at Bob Geldof's "hysterical" open letter to Theresa May that calls for Brexit to be stopped. 
The AP deleted a tweet about results of a voter referendum in Romania, due to a broken link. A new tweet will follow. 
Here is the smoking gun. The reason why the referendum was arranged in such a seemingly sloppy way. It was advisory with the government's job to then 'interpret' the result. Bait. And. Switch. That's how you do a #brexitcoup  
My wife and myself moved to Scotland eight years ago and voted no in 2014. But we are pro-independence now. Watched England become more racist post Brexit ref and have no desire to ever return. Will be wanting a Scottish passport when they are available  
- What’s this?- It’s my sloth- It’s a bit ............- .......... slow. I know - Does it know where it is?- It takes it about two and a half years to recognize its surroundings- Does it have a name?- [We look at each. Together:] Brexit 
As the risk of a no-deal Brexit looms larger and nearer, Japanese companies aren't waiting around to find out what happens  
Is this another of those Brexit metaphor/memes?  
namjoon hasn’t tweeted yet because he’s busy negotiating brexit 
things bts have to do otherwise what’s the point:- grab a cheeky nando’s- get knighted by elizabeth - run episode: fright night @ thorpe park you cOWARDS-“sHUT UP MALFOy”- save brexit#BTSLONDON #BTSinLondon #BTSxLondon 
Very good news! Anti-#LGBT referendum in #Romania fails. Romanians won’t allow their human rights being questioned and abandoned.  
So Bob Geldof is angry with Brexit. Bob Geldof can fuck off. Money grabbing parasite as he so is. 
Hard Brexit numbers stacking up in Commons' -as SNP Westmin "Not supporting May deal", Lab doing same & combined with Tory rebels of about 50 gives 342 (Maj abt 323) so Hard Brexit March v likely.  Makes #indyref2 likelier earlier in the 26 months window of March19 to May21. 
The In Limbo Project will be presented at @Europarl_EN in Brussels on 10 Oct  by @Elenauk @vdavidmartin & @BrexpatsHOV with readings of powerful Brexit testimonies from our books #InLimbo and #InLimboToo .We are delighted to get this opportunity to tell our stories! 
It’s YOU and people like you who are afraid of democracy Mr Geldof. We HAD the biggest democratic vote this country has ever seen - you just didn’t like the result. And whatever Brexit is Sir Bob - it really isn’t  “ a laugh”.  #SniggeringIdiot 
Namjoon has come to stop Brexit 
The Romanian government's humiliation is profound. Not only has its nasty anti-gay scheme failed, but the Orthodox Church was exposed as a busted flush, unable to mobilise even the 3 million voters who supposedly signed the petition which triggered this miserable referendum  
I  think the strain of waiting for "regime change " so that he can replace  Theresa May is beginning to get to him.Brexit: Michael Gove urges people to 'hunt for gold in others' rubbish' and everyone made the same joke  
If May is prepared to go against party activists, members and the referendum result by conniving with Labour to get Chequers through, then either she is finished or the Conservative Party is.  
It seems Tony Parsons has joined Nigel Farage in the "Brexit must happen or people will smash the shit out of the country" brigadeBut for what purpose? I cobbled together this piece to take a closer lookGive it a gander and hey, share if it resonates: 
Pic in the @guardian  #wooferendum @wooferendum BREXIT IS A CATASTROPHE #StopBrexit   
Delighted to report that the anti-#MarriageEquality referendum in #Romania has failed!With a threshold of 30% needed for the poll to count, fewer than 20% voted. Well done Romanian #LGBT+ activists. 
You mean a #LosersVote to make you feel better? What happens when you #Lose again? Another Losers Loser Vote? How many bloody votes do you want? We’ve had the referendum and then a GE - Brexit parties won get over it Beth   
If you’re like me then you’re probably exhausted by Brexit. Frankly, and I apologise, you’re probably bored of the whole thing too. But please, please keep pushing. Now is the time we have most hope of persuading people. Now is the time it is most important. Keep going! 
Seems by planting potatoes on the croft this spring I was actively preparing for Brexit. :)) #FishandChips 
Barking mad Britons march with hundred of dogs in "Wooferendum" to demand a final vote on Brexit referendum  
BREAKING: Romanian officials say low voter turnout has voided a referendum that sought to keep same-sex marriage out of reach 
BREAKING Low turnout voids Romania anti-gay marriage referendum, according to official  
now that bts are in london namjoon can singlehandedly save brexit  
Romania: Referendum on constitutionally prohibiting same-sex marriage fails to reach required threshold of 30% turnout. #Romania #referendum 
The failure of the referendum in Romania speaks a clear language:Europeans are tired of homophobic hate campaigns telling lies about LGBTI*s.We choose love over hate. #LoveWins #romania 
We are focusing to much on how the wealthy super-rich and the greedy bankers will survive after Brexit. The rich are protecting their own interests. My worry is for the disabled, the single mothers and poor. This is why we need a Jeremy Corbyn led government. For the many. 
Just to be clear, I have absolutely no interest in saving England's arse from a hard Brexit of their own making. My only concern is to save Scotland from this corrupt and broken "United" Kingdom. 
Dear Ms Patel. There is no quantifiable net benefit in £ for our country from Brexit. If you disagree, show me how much, how it arises, when, from which countries, from which tariff changes and sectors. And I’ll pay £5000 to the charity of your choice. 
BREAKING.  @DavidDavisMP gives the lowdown on how @Theresa_May lied about the Canada+++ deal.  We can easily switch to it, says Davis, but will May do that?  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #boris johnson   #Brexit @StandUp4Brexit 
EU tax plan ‘is a bigger threat to Ireland than Brexit’  
Why did people vote for brexit?1)get there borders back2)more money for NHS 3)to get our sovereignty back4)To stop corruption from European Union That’s why people voted! 
Jeremy Hunt is just another deluded Tory rich boy who doesn't give a toss about ordinary people in the UK. 
The government supports #Brexit, Corbyn supports #Brexit. The majority of the press by circulation support #Brexit. The Kochs, Mercer & Trump back #Brexit. Remain is the resistance, and we are going to drain the greedy, corrupt, lying, stinking #Brexit swamp.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Thousands join hands in a 25km-long human chain from Sant Julià de Ramis to Aiguaviva, two Catalan towns where referendum polling stations were attacked by the Spanish military police.  
If brexit was an actual divorce, it would be the equivalent of burning your house down so your ex only gets half of the embers.When Scotland gets independence, let's do it Paltrow style and consciously uncouple 
Romania LGBTI advocates jubilant as referendum to ban same-sex marriage fails  #Romania #LoveWins 
Coming up on @bbc5live to chat through this weeks news from now until 9pm! Trigger warning to anyone who is offended by Australian accents, free markets or Brexit  
Homophobic referendum in #Romania failed. Good! But outrageous that there was a referendum in the first place on curtailing rights of minorities. @RainbowRose_PES #LGBTI #ReferendumRomania 
Hilarious: for weeks Nicola Sturgeon has said she wasn’t interested in 2nd referendum on Brexit. Now she says her MPs will back it. I suspect Westminster leader Ian Blackford’s calling the shots on this. 
#Wooferendum!  #Brexit is barking, say dog lovers marching for a 'people’s vote'  
Hundreds of dogs & their owners rallied in London on Sunday to howl for a new #peoplesvote on Brexit, in what organisers dubbed a "#WooferendumMarch" #PeoplesVoteMarch 20 October 2018, 12pm (midday), Park Lane#FBPE 
Theresa May's pitch for @UKLabour voters is doomed - after the hostile environment, Windrush, Brexit and her complete failure to address long term problems of inequality, child poverty and housing she hasn't got a hope. #StopToryBrexit 
Spotted in Normandy. The locals support us. Let’s stop Brexit.  
Activists cheering in a pub in #Bucharest after the referendum on redefining family as uniin between man and woman failed get enough support. The vote meant to ban gay marriage was a total failure for #Romania’s powerful Orthodox Church. 
Tony Parsons barfed out an especially lamentable piece today, suggesting that violence is inevitable if Brexit doesn't happen.Sounds like more Project Fear to me - but I decided to chow down on this shit sandwich regardless.Take a look if you dare: 
Using a homophobic vote as a distraction from corruption & attacks on justice system ended up in massive failure for Romania’s ruling party: barely 20% showed up for an anti-LGBT referendum.It is 2018. Queer people are not your political scarecrow, anymore.Don’t mess with us  
The government of #Romania organised a miserable anti-LGBT constitutional referendum in an effort to divert attention from its own corruption, and in a risible gambit to attract popular support. But ordinary Romanians proved shrewder: the referendum failed, with only 19% turnout 
Citizens of #Romania reject backwards step for #LGBTI rights. "Our Group has always been at the forefront of the fight for LGBTI rights and we will speak out whenever we see these under threat" @UdoBullmannreacts after the results of the referendum:  
Oh my Aren't we addicted to politics , well it's clear that  Referendum is a matter of when NOT If and the so-called political experts have  crawled out of the woodworks. Some are asking if it's already 2022. That is Kenya for you . The ever electioneering country in Africa. 
EU tax plan ‘is a bigger threat to Ireland than Brexit’  via @IrishTimesBiz 
Jeremy Hunt steps up his attack on the EU over Brexit, saying Britain is "very angry"  
Good news: It looks like Romanians have boycotted this weekend's referendum in such large numbers that the vote will be void.  This awful attempt to subject the rights of minorities to the whims of the majority has failed.  
As a Conservative member I find your faith in a second referendum disturbing you were elected on a election manifesto of leaving the EU , now the constituents will decide your suitability going forward 
The campaign for a #Wooferendum made it to @10DowningStreet! We’re leading the way, highlighting how #Brexit will affect all animals, including assistance dogs. #BrexitIsBarking 
Sen Feinstein & Co have effectively killed Dems' chances of taking back the Senate. To hold onto House, Republicans would be wise to make the election a referendum on House Dems vowing to impeach Trump AND Kavanaugh & repealing the Trump Economic Boom by bringing back #Obamalaise 
Referendum in #Romania fails. Romanians won’t be bullied into taking away human rights.  
We should give each a referendum on statehood. Even if they say no, we should give the minor territories a voting delegate in the House and at least one vote in the Electoral College. 
It’s funded by small donations to @LeaveEUOfficial from grassroots supporters who think that Conservative MPs ought to respect the referendum result. You want a People’s vote and I’m sure you won’t mind a more local people’s vote on you !  
Romania referendum fails. Turnout was 19% but they needed 30% to make it law. Combination of can't be bothered, voters seeing through PSD ploy to distract them from attacks on judiciary and corruption and simply not agreeing with the proposition. 
Thank god - I haven’t been able to think about trivial stuff like Brexit and Labour being overrun by terrorist sympathisers and antisemites for worrying about the flavour of Eugenie’s wedding cake   
German expert: Last 2 years Brussels bubble have lost faith in their own appeals & their own abilities!They are desperate for #EU not to implode or break apart!Fear if precedent is set & someone Leaves gets a better deal, others will follow suit!#Brexit 
Really proud of my country. #Romania seems to have invalidated through boycott a referendum on a restrictive definition of family. This country seems to have reached its civic maturity. #loveislove #HumanRights 
Massive fail for the anti-LGBT #referendum in #Romania tonight as the turnout stops at about 20%. It was a huge slap for politicians, but also for the Orthodox Church, which proved it cannot mobilise people as was feared before. A massive unexpected win for progressive Romania. 
Good news from #Romania - the expected turnout at the homophobic referendum is expected to stay far below 30% #lgbt 
We've got this, folks... Theresa May is desperate. Her party is divided over Brexit, she's begging for support from Labour voters, the Universal Credit time bomb is ticking & her international reputation is in tatters.Now's the final push for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/JCYgnIeZAY 
Come shine or rain, Brexit or remain, Sikhs will be serving langar on the streets of the UK every single day. This also extends to aid and sometimes even more for those the sevadaars (selfless volunteers) meet at their feeds#LangarWeek 
Very promising position from @NicolaSturgeon on a #PeoplesVote. @TheSNP's MPs would “undoubtedly” support a People’s Vote on #Brexit in Parliament, she told #BBC ahead of party conference. Read this from @KirstyS_Hughes @SCER_eu 
Romania's marriage referendum, if passed, could be voided due to low voter turnout. With 2 hours before the polls close, only 18.87% of eligible voters had cast ballots, short of the 30% threshold. Referendum seeks to define marriage as 'a union between a man and a woman.' 
Bloody hell, are people honestly saying we are undergoing a crisis? If you want to know what a crisis is, look at this Brexit no deal or Southampton that's what I call a crisis, not a team currently off form but still unbeaten in the league 
Hundreds of dogs hound May for 'Wooferendum' on Brexit...  
'Fog of Brexit has had massive bearing on energy bills' – supplier  
BREAKING: Former head of MI6 Sir Richard Dearlove on benefits of #Brexit"We've always apposed a federated union. In it's current form it radically needs change. Outisde, the UK can survive and thrive." #UpTheEU #BetterOffOut 
SNP to support second Brexit referendum  
Sturgeon: SNP MPs would vote for new Brexit referendum. Cool, increasingly clear referendum results mean s*it as far as the SNP are concerned  seems we can all just ignore the results.  
Barking mad Britons march with pets for final Brexit referendum  
It Does. There is evidence. It will out soon in a legal capacity In the order it is meant to #Mueller 
Brexit makes Scottish independence far harder to achiever. Guess why the SNP will vote against it. 
Bark if you want to stop Brexit: Wooferendum in pictures  
We support all those on the #WooferendumMarch today! Brexit will be disastrous for pets, we can't understand why it's not being talked about more. We're alright, we're made of concrete, but what happens when border checks prevent your pets getting the medicine they need?   
”Never before in my life has America been a problem for Europe,” Tusk said.“very clear traces of Russia’s engagement in the Brexit referendum campaign”Trump and Brexit.Brexit and Trump.Same thing.Russian interference to undermine the west.  
Romania, referendum on constitutionally prohibiting same-sex marriage:After voting on Saturday and few hours on Sunday, the turnout sits at 18.87% at 7pm. Polls open until 9pm (GMT+3).30% turnout required for the referendum to be valid and binding.#Romania #referendum 
Theresa May’s push for the centre ground is doomed. Blame Brexit | Matthew d’Ancona  
Penultimate turnout figures just released for Romanian referendum: As of 7pm (two hours of voting left) 18.87% of voting population has taken part. Far below 30% needed to validate. Looks like it is game over 
I now accept that this was the real  #brexit ballot paper since all leave voters definitely voted for everything on the list  
Remainers don't love the EU. They're neo-Blairites clinging on to the past#Brexit  
Not bloody likely. Rough Sleeping up by 169%, disabled people deliberately being targeted by the DWP, food bank use through the roof & no plan for Brexit, which simply ought to be stopped. You aren’t fit to run a raffle, never mind a party or country. 
EUs tax plans are more dangerous to Ireland than BrexitThe EU want control of our corporation taxThe EU having control of our tax policy is so dangerous to Ireland even the Irish Times has to admit it 
to correct the liars in the snp in the event of a no-deal brexit   a sunday times based poll shows 52% would remain in the uk and 48% would leave   copy and paste 
Interesting: packed #SNP18 @SundayTimesScot fringe meeting for Ian Blackford event asked how many back 2nd #Brexit “people’s vote” - very few backed it. Most want out of UK - end of. 
They pull the we hate the English card all the time.. They carry on like this. England has Become a very nasty place... #Brexit  
Brexit deal '90% agreed', says Ireland's deputy PM  
Nicola Sturgeon has said that the SNP would back a second Brexit vote. @clivebull asks: since Scotland voted to remain, do they have a case here? 
This lad has swearily abused tories, Brexit voters, Trump voters and free speech champions for years.The cops had no issue with any of that.  
So this is as we heard a couple of weeks ago, Japan is concerned that Brexit may lead to our global withdrawal, joining TPP is a way to show we still support the rules based global economic system. But at the price of signing up to rules set by others  
Japan would welcome Britain to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal “with open arms”, said Prime Minister Abe. Going on to say Britain will be a country “equipped with global strength” post-Brexit. Let’s embrace these global trading opportunities!  
"I'm ending austerity" claims @theresa_may but just as long as you accept my deranged hard Brexit, which will hit the poorest hardest and lead to many years of austerity.In other words, shoot that kitten or I shoot this kitten  
Leading hotelier, Howard Hastings, is right to brand Brexit as a `monumental folly' and to call for a second referendum. #PeoplesVote. 
The SNP’s @FionaHyslop tells @SkyNews a Tory hard Brexit is not in Scotland’s interests - it would do huge damage to the economy and we will not vote for it. It is vital common sense prevails and we remain in the single market & customs union - to protect jobs & prosperity #SNP18 
Yep. Still shouting into the Brexit wind about the dangers faced by my industry, but I won’t stop... 
EU tax plan ‘is a bigger threat to Ireland than Brexit’  via @IrishTimesBiz 
'It is NOT coming down!' Pimlico Plumbers boss REFUSES to remove OFFENSIVE Brexit sign. Just Boycott Pimlico Plumber’s!  
The British people had the final say on Brexit. They voted to Leave. They knew exactly what they were voting for. You pose as a democrat with this tweet. You are anything but. You are seeking to overturn a lawful democratic vote. One which you lost. You’re without shame.  
This is a really good point.  Of course #Brexit was won by manipulating disempowered voters into believing their poor condition was caused by immigration whereas it was caused by the corrupt international capital owners who caused the Financial Crash and now want a UK tax haven  
For Scottish Labour, Thatcher was a price worth paying to stop a Scottish Assembly. For the Scottish Liberals, Brexit is a price worth paying to stop the people of Scotland being asked if they want independence. They might say yes ffs! 
At a popular level #Brexit is, roughly speaking, a battle between tribalist & universalist conceptions of society. Leavers are basically frightened people seeking security in the nation/tribe. For them Remainers are either trouble-makers rocking the national boat or a rival tribe 
There is an establishment conspiracy to undo Brexit. I believe Theresa May is trying to put a deal that no one wants, so that her friends can go for a  second referendum.The libabcon & SNP are all the same as far as I'm concerned.We must keep fighting for real independence. 
Very positive news on our future post Brexit trade opportunities.  
Brexit is barking, say dog lovers marching for a 'people’s vote'  
France’s Europe minister claims that a no-deal Brexit would be better than Theresa May's Chequers plan 
 Sortim al @guardian!!! Entre les millors fotos del dia! #SensacióConcurs #ConcursTGN18#castellers Human towers and dogs against Brexit: Sunday's best photos  
I don't believe for a second that this country has changed its mind on Brexit, that's why a 2nd vote means nothing to me, it's completely pointless. However, there is a chance that the country had changed its mind over independence, that's why it needs tested again.#indyref2 
Is #Brexit worth losing our car making industry for?  
Musicians warn industry 'could lose voice' after Brexit  
If #Brexit is the will of the people, why are so many against it? 
The only real ‘Brexit dividend’ comes from not leaving | William Keegan  
I accepted the result fully for a couple of days. But then I realised what it meant for Scotland. Then I realised that Brexit voters didn't want the same Brexit as each other. Given that the Brexit camp was split between different outcomes, I realised Remain was the most popular. 
WATCH: Scottish Government has mandate to call indyref2 if Brexit deal forces Scotland out of single market, says @IanBlackfordMP More:  
The Scottish Liberals are so terrified that the people of Scotland might want independence that they'd prefer Brexit to asking them. 
Apparently the cabinet Brexit subcommittee has not met since the resignations of Boris and David Davis. So May is continuing to sideline her ministers. She is now in personal control after all. They don’t seem to care. But they will go down with her if and when the ship sinks. 
UK vets wanted to put this gorgeous bunny down; her life was saved by an EU vet who was more knowledgeable than her UK-trained colleagues  this is why i get so angry that the impact of Brexit on animals is being ignored!! who will help YOUR bunny after Brexit?  #Wooferendum 
All sides must prepare for a no-deal Brexit  
Are you going to muck in on this one Justin Welby?Or are you working on your next Brexit speech?  
Brexit is barking, say dog lovers marching for a 'people’s vote' Want to get Brexit in the media? Bring a dog along!#wooferendum 
As @theresa_may tries to steal Labour policies and make wild grabs for Labour voters, to keep her in power and push through her hard Brexit, my old article is relevant. The stolen feathers are NOT working for you May  
In some pubs in #Bucharest, people are getting ready to celebrate the failure of the "family" referendum. Some are offering free drinks after 9 pm, when the polls close. #Romania #referendum #LGBT 
More Brexit job losses. Received via a friend:  
Unless you’re someone who sees “less foreigners” as a positive there are no benefits to Brexit 
I love the fact that the Government's own economic forecasts are 'Project Fear' but warnings of violence in the event of no Brexit is just a Tony Parsons column. 
Mourinho: ""I'm going to London this weekend. If it rains in London this weekend, it's my fault. If there is a problem with Brexit, it's my fault." 
WATCH: Hundreds of dogs marched through London to protest against Brexit  
MPs should not imagine they can drive through #Brexit against the will of the majority with impunity. The Remain majority is growing and in due course there will be an irresistible public demand to bring the Brexit liars, crooks, charlatans & cowards to justice. #PeoplesVote 
BBC was not impartial during Brexit referendum, ITV's Robert Peston says  
Batsby is in a gloomy mood in his blog today. He has no faith that Mrs May believes in a genuine Brexit, let alone intends to deliver it. And, alas, I fear he could be right.Here's a link, plus an extract of this highly readable, if depressing, piece: 
I am talking about Brexit, my daughter & the social care staff crisis tonight on R4's @BBCWestminHour at 10pm tonight in a discussion provoked by my Mail piece last week () 
via .@josepalay"New Caledonia celebrates their referendum for independence next 4th November and our Estelada [Catalan Independence flag] becomes once again a symbol of worldwide freedom  this time with FLNKS @ForrestMika @IlanKiloe, via @KanakySuport" 
So Joanna Cherry said at an #snp18 fringe event that the "democratic event" leading to independence "doesn't necessarily have to be a referendum".But...in July, Nicola Sturgeon said "issues of self-determination must ultimately be addressed through democratic referendums"  
The new blue Passports printed in France and ready for brexit #brexit look fine to me   
The grave folly of holding a second referendum on the EU explained. If votes are not final, then the whole basis of democratic legitimacy unravels, and nobody need accept any outcome he doesn't like. A recipe for political violence:  
This plumbing boss says he will not take down a giant "B******* to Brexit" sign on the roof of his company in central London, even if it means going to prison.  
Sturgeon: SNP MPs would vote for new Brexit referendum - BBC News  
Calls for referendum were so strong than voices of the opposers. The country wants a referendum and so it was just a matter of time that the naysayers would join the fray... and so they did. Hehe 
Ask yourself a question.Don't trust the BBC on Brexit. The bias against Brexit is extreme. The proof? Ask yourself when you last saw a POSITIVE programme or news report on Brexit. See what I mean?  
Wetherspoon boss and Brexiteer Tim Martin SCRAPS EU booze as he touts Brexit benefits  
UK's third largest party 'will back second Brexit vote'  
Actor @PeterEgan6 being interviewed about #Brexit and a #PeoplesVote in Parliament Square by Spanish TV @wooferendum #Wooferendum 
SNP should say if Act of Union is changed then SNP will vote to dissolve Union and become indy thst day. Change the Union negates the need to have a referendum. 
If Brexit is stopped and fascists turn to violence on our streets, who will be responsible for that violence? Those who stopped Brexit - or those being violent?#NotATrickQuestion #DoNotGiveInToFascism #StopBrexit#PeoplesVote #RemainOption 
Labour may still call itself Labour, but the fact it backs Brexit means it emphatically isn’t Labour. 
Irish Gov source tells Irish Mail “the British are prepared to put checks on the Irish Sea which the Unionists will go mad about.  That’s the price she (Theresa May) is prepared to pay.”  #brexit  
Dog owners, musicians, scientists, business owners, car makers, small business owners, midwives, restaurateurs.... all against brexit. They are just one group. #Stopbrexit #Wooferendum #PeoplesVote 
Must read. Brexit was the biggest foreign policy win for Russia this century. This isn't Zinoviev letter forgery but a focused effort (with help from US hard right) to take Britain out of a vital democratic geo-political Treaty organisation. But no-one cares @TomTugendhat 
If we believe in the will of the people & our democracy we must have a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit RT if you agree.@peoplesvote_uk @peoplesvote_hq @Femi_Sorry @Andrew_Adonis @SebDance @ThatTimWalker @PimlicoPlumbers @CharlesTannock @catherinemep @acgrayling @DeborahMeaden @IanDunt 
David Davis"Since #Brexit talks began, I could see the EU trying to steer us into conceding everything the British people voted to get rid of"No. 10 has played right into their hands, and we have ended up with the Chequers compromise"  
Dogs owners march on UK parliament demanding new Brexit 'Wooferendum  
The 2019 election will be a referendum on d failed policies of H.E @MBuhari that has entrenched joblessness, insecurity & divisions. It'll be a choice btw incompetence, cluenessness & clanishness on one hand & competence, knowhow & inclusiveness on the other. #NigeriaWillWork 
It's about time that Tory #Brexiteers put their foot down with our Prime MinisterMrs May needs to be left in no doubt that if #Brexit is betrayed, there will be consequences 
Michael Gove has a plan to boost post-Brexit Britain, he wants people to rummage through other people’s rubbish to look for valuables. That’s not a joke. I’m being deadly serious. 
Ethnic Minorities for #PeoplesVote believes that the voices and views of ethnic minorities have been under-represented during the Brexit debate - if you agree, then follow @EM4aPeoplesVote 
Data from the @UN shows more #UK citizens live and work in #Canada than #France, #Germany & #Spain combined.Another reason why #CANZUK is the best option after #Brexit.#cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #ukpolitics 
Tesco says it is making preparations to stockpile for Brexit  
The #Wooferendum because #brexit is dogs piss  
Want to be amused? @JunckerEU claims that, if he was allowed to campaign in the British referendum, the Remain camp would have won. Delusion unlimited. Juncker: British media disrespect human rights of politicians  
 Hundreds of dogs marched through London to protest against Brexit #Wooferendum 
This is the .@Conservatives plan for post-brexit Britain...  
Are we any closer to knowing where Corbyn stands on Brexit? Or what kind of deal Theresa May is trying to achieve with the EU?Find out here > 
Just to be clear – for the sake of transparency and democratic consistency – if Scots ever voted for independence, @theSNP would support a further referendum two years later just to make absolutely sure they meant it, understood it, and still wanted it?  
I've signed the petition calling on the government to make environmental standards stronger, not weaker, after Brexit. Will you add your name?  
Moved North in 95. Will always love Yorkshire but would never move back now, particularly after this brexit nonsense. Brexit has guaranteed the break up of the union and England is going to end up alone, bankrupt and irrelevant- well done, quitlings. 
The post-Brexit plan for economic growth consists of luring passing containerships close enough to the coastline so that they get stranded, after which we can slaughter the crews and salvage the goods. The Brexit cargo-cult...By @KimAtiWagner 
Not before, not during and not after. When the brexsh*t hits the fan who will the people blame, Brexit Broadcasting Corporation? We thought you were telling us the truth. But you weren't. @BBC @BBCNews. 
There is no such thing as a Brexit dividend. The only possible dividend would result from the abandonment of the entire Brexit project so that investment which has been held up during this period of dreadful uncertainty can be implemented. 
Why is this news? There won’t be a further referendum and nobody apart from hard core William Wallace fetishists care what Sturgeon “thinks”...#SNP18  
This is worth a read on the realities of a hard Brexit:  
Today I bumped into @k3rstin at the #Wooferendum. Imagine how frustrating that must have been for her. Especially as she has to leave the country because her employer is jumping ship for Brexit reasons.  
Please meet Rosie online #WooferendumShe is a rescue dog from the Netherlands but lives in Spain & when her owners are away, I look after her. Rosie's EU Pet Passport is in order.I have lived & worked in Spain for 25 years but if Brexit happens, Rosie will have more rights.  
#ThereIsNoBrexitDividend#VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw The Brexit movement is led by liars, charlatans & totally inept MPs, some of whom have found #Brexit so difficult, they've had to run away from office (Farage, Johnson, Davis)All they've got left if the threat of violence. 
spoke to a guy who works at Unilever; he confirmed that their staying in the UK is NOT a victory for Brexit Britain and that some of their best scientists have already left the country "because they don't feel welcome here." what are we doing to our country??  #PeoplesVote 
But SNP knows independence is an issue that can be resolved after March. Brexit isn’t. The interests of Scotland and the whole UK depend on staying in EU. Even a soft Brexit reduces our growth and strips away our influence. Now is the time to coalesce. 
Remainers are taking their dogs on a march today called Dogs against Brexit’. The poor things are being dragged behind their masters  whether they want to be there or not.  Of course, Remainers would like to do the same to us: drag us like dogs into a second referendum. No way! 
Friends! Like Our Guy, I fight for Our More United EU! And I fight for Our Tolerant Society, where the Far Right - e.g. most voters - will not be tolerated!But, tragically, due to Brexit I shall not be able to vote for Our Guy at Our Next EU Elections!Talk about Fascism!  
Yeah yeah, mock away. Bear this in mind:1. WE are so much more FUN than you sourpatch #Leavers with your sad clinging onto lies that will never be enacted!2. Pet passports will be abolished post #Brexit3. You wait till CATS take to the streets #wooferendum #EUKitizens #fbpe 
If you are a leave voter which of these options for Brexit is the 'Will Of The People' 
In the #euref the #brexit backers lied & prayed on the fears of many of the population about their job security & raised #brexit as an anti-establishment vote. It's now clear that group will be the hardest hit from #Brexit. Let's help them be #RemainerNow 
Only way @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn will learn Brexit is not going to be accepted by the majority is if we tell them clearly: We'll not vote for any party acting in anyway to enable Brexit and to suppress democracy. #peoplesvote #optiontoremain or be foreever condemned by history 
It was a UK referendum. Did you miss that?  
 Hundreds of dogs hound May for ' Wooferendu ' on Brexit  By @joejackson @TolgaAkmen #AFP #WooferendumMarch 
By the way, Kenya's public coffers were supposed to be safe with Uhuru's presidency because he is wealthy. So how did you all end up with a broke country?Or now you just want a referendum? Haha! 
What a shameful piece by Tony Parsons. Full of lies too — just take the bit on “soaring crime rates”: they fell and are actually at their lowest level in 30 years. Anti-immigrant hate mixed up with Germanophobia ... and used as a threat to push through Brexit. It’s disgusting.  
One of the UK's most distinguished actors Peter Egan says Brexit is a disaster #peteregan #Wooferendum 
Promise there will be no more Sheeran and Ora and I’m happy to go no deal Brexit tomorrow !! 
With tails wagging and barks reverberating, hundreds of dogs and their owners have rallied in London to howl for a new people's vote on Brexit, in what organisers dubbed a '#WooferendumMarch'  By @joejackson 
Lets show Farage that Bournemouth people don't want Brexit! Join the counter protest Mon 15 Oct 6-7pm outside the BIC. Gather at Cafe Obscura 545pm #StopBrexitSaveBritainNigel Farage to lead major pro-Brexit rally in Bournemouth 
You only serve the minority lady. You don’t give a toss about the rest of us. And it was 62% of those who voted so roughly around 38% of Scotland. And it was a U.K. referendum not a region by region vote. 
Glynn voted leave but he changed his mind and is a #RemainerNow who I shared before. He has recently joined a party with strong anti-brexit policies and often speaks about his #bregret.@GlynnHarby . Have you written to your MP on this issue?  It can really make a difference. 
I’m seeing grown adults dancing and taking pics with their dogs , thinking that this somehow will stop Brexit .The videos I’ve seen are of total weirdos dancing ,off their tits ,in EU flags.If you think these people represent the country then you are very silly.#Wooferendum 
The PM continually states that she will deliver a Brexit that is best for the country. What she really means, she will deliver a Brexit that appeases the 'Remain' establishment, a Brexit that keeps us answerable to the EU. 
Dog: Matilda, nearly 8 years old, from London Question: What sort of Brexit will be best for dogs the U.K. ? Answer: 1x Bark = hard 2x Bark = soft >2x Bark = no Brexit at all #Wooferendum 
Nicola Sturgeon: SNP would undoubtedly back new Brexit vote.Party leader says if Scotland voted to #Remain it should not be forced to leave.Good to see more support for a #PeoplesVote. MPs must give the public a #FinalSayForAll with an #OptionToRemain. 
Words are important. Let’s stop this nonsense about an “Irish border”. Any new border imposed on the unwilling people of Ireland (north and south) should be called a “Brexit border” or a “Tory Party border”. Almost no one in Ireland - north or south - wants a new border. 
Wow, these graphics are really clear in illustrating the real reason we’re in this #Brexit mess2015- EU Tax-Avoidance reform announced & to take effect in 2019April 2016- Anti EU Dark ads targeted at specific groupsStudy carefully & understand why we need a #PeoplesVote 
Also quite extraordinary that Parliament will be voting to approve the withdrawal agreement with only a political agreement on the final deal beyond transition. If the ERG want to rip it up, they can then do so. It’s a blind Brexit. It’s undemocratic. We need a #PeoplesVote. 
Kiraitu Murungi: "Referendum or no referendum, @WilliamsRuto will be President. Immportantly, the people of Meru accept the plecibite, we will be looking to ask how much resourses does it add to our people"  @KiraituMurungi 
Geldof seen for the first time since being sent homeward to think again by @fishingforleave in the 2016 #BattleoftheThames.A pleasure to do another Referendum flotilla if you & your ilk try to overturn the first. Your appalling elitist conduct that day helped win a leave vote!  
Brexit is barking mad! #Wooferendum 
There is a huge turnout at the doggy march against Brexit today. Look at some of the most creative dog outfits: #wooferendum 
Great support to #StopBrexit at the #Wooferendum march today.Brexit is barking. It’s taking away our freedom of movement, our pet’s passports, and putting jobs and public services at risk.And the government’s deal will leave us all worse off. MPs must call a #PeoplesVote. 
"Brexit is not a done deal" @thomasbrake #Wooferendum 
Thousands #dogs are currently demonstrating against the #Brexit with mistress and owner in #London. The #Wooferendum does justice to its name: Here is barking. @tagesthemen   
Molly Scott-Cato & the Green Party opposing Brexit and calling for a People’s Vote yesterday in Bristol! #peoplesvote 
If the queen's corgis could speak they'd want a #Wooferendum  because #brexit is barking  
Many leading Brexiters weren't going to 'respect' a Remain victory, But that doesn't stop some of them threatening violence if we have a #PeoplesVote or stop #Brexit. This is the fascist politics of threats, lies and mob rule. It must not be rewarded. #StopBrexit. 
We debated during the 2016 referendum which was also a people’s vote & Leave won. Your tweet is disrespectful to the majority in Suffolk Coastal (almost 42,000 electors on an 81% poll) who chose Leave & (with the bulk of Remain supporters) trust our MPs to deliver their mandate.  
When brexit goes ahead, and all the "we won, get over it" brexiters find they're hardest hit by the things they were repeatedly warned about, they still won't accept they were wrong.Brexit not hard enough; haven't got rid of enough foreigners yet; passports wrong shade of blue. 
There’s a clear precedent for a new referendum to confirm major constitutional changes.It’s happened in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.And, frankly, it’s what Brexiters argued for for years.So let’s get on with a #PeoplesVote with a #FinalSayForAll to #StopBrexit. 
.@NicolaSturgeon: @theSNP MPs will back new #Brexit referendum 
@mrjamesob - I nominate @SimonClarkeMP for your "Weapons Grade Ignorance on Brexit" award? Or is there a "Weapons Grade Arrogance" category?  
Dog: JR, 6 years old, from LondonQuestion: Are you concerned about the free movement of doggy treats after Brexit? Answer: 1x Bark = not really2x Bark = unsure >2x Bark = yes, this is a real concern of mine #Wooferendum 
The greatest betrayal in UK history is about to happen as #TheresaMay agrees an EU deal that destroys the Brexit vote & traps the country under EU rule. The transition period is a setup so EU membership continues & will never end, the brexit bill is obscene & freedom won’t happen  
Which bit?The Windrush scandal?The Universal Credit catastrophe?Selling arms to Saudi Arabia?Supporting anti-Semitic Hungarian dictators?Record levels of child poverty, food bank use and homelessness?Impending No Deal Brexit catastrophe?Grenfell?Breaking electoral law?  
The dogs are marching against Brexit in London today. This one just needed a quick rest... Brexit is an absolute mess - the British people deserve the final say on the deal, and chance to remain in the EU. Join our campaign today >  
I voted Conservative when John Major was leader. But now, after Brexit, #Windrush and the failure to help the poorest, NEVER AGAIN. You lost me. 
Leavers still see the electorate as two distinct teams & the referendum as a victory for theirs. They don't need further information. Remainers see the electorate as a single team & the referendum result as a tragedy for everyone. They don't understand the ignoring of information 
The British people had a say.  They said Leave!  Call this what it is, a 2nd Referendum also known as a Bad Loser's Vote!  Keep sulking till you get the result you want. 
I have to say I think the SNP's change of position on an EU referendum is unwise, but it'll probably be an academic point in the end. 
Nothing cures a hangover better than @NicolaSturgeon supporting a second referendum. TODAY IS A GOOD DAY. 
Brexit news: Theresa May given EU negotiations SOLUTION by Rees-Mogg if she drops Chequer | Politics | News |  
SNP’s Sturgeon backs second Brexit referendum  
#Brexit debate is dog-eat-dog #Wooferendum #barkagainstbrexit 
“The only real ‘Brexit dividend’ comes from not leaving.We need to #StopBrexit and come to grips with the many economic and social problems that have been sidelined during this terrible diversion.”Spot on from @williamkeegan⁩ in today’s Observer. 
Chequers is not the best of both worlds, it's an attempt to achieve the least ruinous Brexit possible, short of an EEA solution. Everybody loses, whatever we do.#wasto 
Jean-Claude Juncker says David Cameron blocked him from campaigning for Remain in referendum.If Juncker was involved it would have been a landslide for Brexit 
The fact is, for all her re-hashed words, she has always chosen to impose her will at the expense of seeking consensus.See the unnecessary election, & language around it about those seeking to block Brexit, her ramming though Art50 & Withdrawal Act &/or packing committees.  /11 
The EU will still want to sell us their apples, wine, cheese, cars, flowers. holidays and energy or they WILL go bust. So stop worrying about No Deal! , No deal Brexit: Theresa May’s crisis talks MOCKED as ‘Project Fear' – Brexiteer backlash  
Ferret says give us a #Wooferendum because #brexit is barking @Ferretgrove 
I’m coming to live in Scotland if Brexit happens as will thousands of other Brexit refugees who no longer recognise the country they live in.  I hope you will let me in! 
Sturgeon: SNP would undoubtedly back a people's vote on Brexit  
The British people should get the final say on Brexit. Retweet if you agree.  
Even in some proper Glasgow weather great to support ⁦@GlasgowlovesEU⁩ #PawsBrexit at Glasgow Green. It’s obvious to the dugs in the street brexit is a “ruff” deal.   
Presumably she'd do the same if Scotland ever voted for independence you know, give the electorate the chance to change their mind #Brexit #indyref2 
Many people that voted leave & are #RemainerNow, is in light of information that they weren't aware of at #EURef. The fact that so many were unaware of #brexit implications is down to misleading politicians but also media failing. I agree with @Peston  
I see Macron has taken the bull by the horns and invited representatives of UK car manufacturers over to France to sell the benefits of building their cars in France, wholly within the Single Market and Customs Union, post #Brexit.Bye bye UK car manufacturing 
Henry expressing his opinion of #nigelfarage at #wooferendum #brexit #peoplesvote 
WHY DO SO FEW PEOPLE KNOW1 It was an ADVISORY referendum @Theresa_may triggered A50 to look good at at Tory party conference2 A50 is REALLY EASY to reverse  A simple letter saying "We've changed our minds" will do. Instead they shuffle like zombies without hope towards doom RT 
This is dog whistling to racist thugs. We won't be bullied by this rhetoric. Enabling Brexit would see the rise of far right. The racism and hate crime that has followed the ref result, has shown these people think its acceptable, its not. #StopBrexit 
What ever they call the various deals for Brexit, there is only one deal that works for the UK: Remain.#StopBrexit Join the demand for a #PeoplesVote @DeborahMeaden @OFOCBrexit @UKLabour @theSNP @Plaid_Cymru @guyverhofstadt @Anna_Soubry @Andrew_Adonis 
SNP MPs will vote down Theresa May's final Brexit deal if it does not commit the UK to European single market membership, Blackford says  
Watching from Canada... I don't understand how anyone believed (and still believes?!) Brexit was a good idea. 
Ok third Dragon - bit less jargon, more polish, but still hasn’t read the constitution. The President will not ‘work with the Government’ on Brexit - the President can’t even leave the country without the Governments permission. #dumpthedragon 
Finally..thank you..personally I'm neither in favour of the break up of the UK nor the EU..But stopping this invalid #Brexit has to be the overriding priority in all our interests We all need to put the interests of all our cits before party.#PeoplesVote 
Stop #Brexit  give us a #Wooferendum 
We’re here at #Wooferendum because, as the lady here,  says ‘Brexit is Barking’  
#marrI am sick of hearing that if we don't #Brexit then there will be violence from leavers. This is intimidation and nothing more.I couldn't care less. I will meet any violence towards me with an equal an opposing force. #PeoplesVote#FBPE 
Brexit puts Scottish independence to 50% No-Deal Brexit puts Independence to 52% Brexit also probably confirms Irish Independence at 100% #CatchUpTime :) 
172 days until Exit.Do you think that any of the men in this picture of the evacuation at Dunkirk, imagined that their children's children would follow orders from the very people who were forcing them to flee?Think about it.#Brexit #BrexitMeansExit 
I’ve just arrived at the doggy protest against Brexit  Hundreds of dogs have brought their humans to Parliament Square to demand a new EU referendum #wooferendum 
There was no lies, it was a simple question, are you in or are you out...and we voted out. No conspiracy, just a referendum for the people. 
"I moved from being a soft Brexit Eurosceptic to a Remainer" That describes me too. Tricked into voting leave by the bus lie of 350mill for the NHS. If there is anything I can do to support you I will. What is hapening to democracy in this country is scary and dangerous. 
Thousands of online herdsmen who couldn't trend achievements of lifeless president in 3 and a half years have crawled online to attack Atiku ! The 2019 presidential elections is a referendum on General lifeless president.What has GMB achieved? 
Apart from the brexit minority in her country that Nichola serves in seeing them through, as safely as poss, this public madness they were manipulated to go for, she also serves 62% of her country who didn’t fall for the elitist, selfish, racist nonsense! 
We have more than 30 "Pee Stations” along the route of the #Wooferendum march in London today each with a photo of your favourite Brexiteers. Setting off from Waterloo Place (by Piccadilly) & march to Parliament Sq. Let's stop #Brexit together...doggy style. pic.twitter.com/Sa7Qio6oZ3 
"I sit here listening to the Brexit options and I find it hilarious, because the people attempting to reach a deal left university and thought: “I’d like to work for the government.” Nobody with a shred of ambition or drive or common sense would say that." - @JeremyClarkson  
Scotland voted 62% remain. It also elected an SNP Government in 2015 on a resounding mandate to hold another Independence referendum if Scotland is taken out of the EU against it's will, which has now happened. She doesn't think she knows more than the people, just more than you. 
Brexit has right royally pissed off Bono, Sting and Geldof.Even more reason to love it.Maybe post Brexit the 3 of them could club together and buy a small European country and eff off there. 
If you can understand German, do watch this ... and weep. Brexit in a nutshell by German news satire @heuteshow — and it’s spot on. Was passiert mit Großbritannien nach dem Brexit? | heute-show  
Scotland's Sturgeon says her party likely to vote against Brexit deal  
I'm a lifelong Tory voter. Now libdem loud and proud. Brexit has destroyed the Tories. #StopBrexit #BollockstoBrexit 
Instead of unconditionally backing a People's Vote on the Brexit deal, the SNP are still manoeuvering to turn Brexit into the break-up of the UK. #PeoplesVote #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit wipes out enough GDP to triple the defence budget. Why do Leave hate UK forces so much? It suits Putin?  
Very clear case on why we need to agree a deal that honours the referendum mandate & enables frictionless borders by Iain Duncan Smith. “To get a deal, let's allow EU officials at U.K. ports.”   
The cost of EU membership of €105.20 per person per year is less than the combined cost of travel health insurance (not currently necessary due to EHIC card) and roaming charges (currently none in the EU) for a 2-week holiday to Ibiza..That's #Brexit in perspective!  
The PM’s hasn’t had a Damascene conversion.She’s said this before. When Tory right-wing kick off she reverts to type.She thinks the only way to get her botched Brexit over the line is to ditch the ERG and seek support elsewhere.Put it to the people. 
Mail on Sunday urges readers to prepare for the realities of a hard Brexit  
"They have no particular concern about the North" hard to argue with Dara Ó Briain on Brexit and the British attitude to the North | The Late...    Time to #Think32 
Incredible support for a #PeoplesVote in #Cheltenham this morning. People are furious about #Brexit. We’ll be there in our hundreds of thousands on 20.10.18. No longer will people be ignored!  
Not the old 'lead, don't leave' chestnut. Scotland wasn't even allowed to trail in the wake of the brexit negotiations, never mind lead anything. The emotional blackmail from unionists that Scotland should be the UK's conscience is getting bloody tedious. 
"Marketing or death by drone, it’s the same math,” she says. This was fascinating. @xychelsea's understanding of data & profiling & targeting is from the military...but it's the same technology that Facebook uses to flog us socks or Trump or Brexit..  
Suppose it's helpful to learn on #Marr that if there's ever a vote for independence, the First Minister is of the view we should have another referendum on the terms of our divorce from the rest of the UK.Unless she's only in favour of rerunning referendums she loses?...  
"Imagine Britain without its music" says Bob Geldof. The death of British music is now added to the the global celebrity list of predicted post-Brexit disasters. Even Tony Blair couldn't have thought that one up. Brilliant.  
"Walkies not Porkies""Brexit is Barking" #WOOFERENDUMToday we British will be doing what we do best! We'll be fighting for our rights with passion, humour and a massive tongue in our cheek!This is who we are. So let's bin Brexit with the rest of the poop!  
While this is encouraging. I still have to wonder what the hell half the Scottish voting public are so afraid of. I mean with No-Deal Brexit looming, thanks to our staying in the UK, how much more convincing does one need?  
#BobGeldof Got that idiot out doing the rounds now on TV Bob Geldof. That’s what he thinks of hard working British fishermen. Another millionaire crybaby   going on about Brexit ruining music industry. And wanting People’s Vote. Go away you bore we’re leaving the EU FFS.  
Great stuff from @jamesbundy, speaking out for the million+ Scots who voted to leave the corrupt EU and explaining why May needs to chuck Chequers and deliver a real Brexit for Scotland!Support us at  
"If tomorrow it rains in London it is my fault. If there are some difficulties with the agreements of Brexit, it is my fault." Jose Mourinho claimed there is a "manhunt" against him following his side's win against Newcastle United. Full story:  
Poll: Half of Scots would vote for Scottish independence after #Brexit #indyref2 
Leavers must be quaking in their boots. I remember Bob chasing a bunch of Fishermen down the Thames with a loud halo during the referendum campaign. And that act single handedly almost helped us nearly vote remain.  
Question: if the SNP need to see the Brexit deal before calling for #indyref2, doesn’t that imply they envisage possible Brexit outcomes under which they wouldn’t continue to seek Scottish independence? 
Nicola Sturgeon's comments on #marr show what a mess we're in on Brexit.The Liberal Democrats aren't waiting for a vote in parliament. We're fighting right now to give you the final say on the deal and option to remain. Join our campaign  
Let's face it, the SNP love a referendum.  
Today’s Independence pollsSunday Times 44 Yes  56 NoIn event of No Deal Brexit48 Yes52 NoSunday Post47 Yes53 NoSun on Sunday46 Yes54 NoIn event of Brexit50 Yes50 NoIn event of No Deal Brexit52 Yes 48 No 
It’s true that conference was heaving with young Tories, but the vast majority both support a proper Brexit and think May is driving the Conservative Party into the wall. You’d have to go to an extraordinarily constricted set of events to think otherwise. Nice puff piece, though.  
The Scottish people voted to remain in the EU but they’ve been taken out of the EU by the English. Seems perfectly reasonable that the leader of the SNP should use use this as a trigger for an independence debate. The situation has moved on since 2014. Brexit will tear up the UK 
Maria came to Edinburgh on @EUErasmusPlus and fell in love with the city. Over the coming months we’ll launch an advice and support service for EU citizens like Maria who are worried about the impact of #Brexit on their lives in Scotland:  
Dara Ó Briain absolutely nails the ignorance of some British people over the border and Brexit  via @joedotie 
The Times is now reporting that Theresa May inner circle has identified a fall back plan if UK doesn't get the #Brexit deal it wants & that is to ramp up attacks on the French.Literally nowhere else to with Brexit but angry base nationalist sentiment.Beyond grim.  
In a Democracy, we deserve to get what we vote for, right? This isn't the case. Remember when Leave said we'd have immediate trade deals? Remember the £350M? Being promised something & not getting it delivered is undemocratic. We were lied to.#SayNoToNoSay on #Brexit 
It is of course correct that Gordon Brewer presses @IanBlackfordMP on #Brexit and #Independence on @Sun_Pol_Scot, but Brewer's sneering hectoring interrupting of every answer Ian gives is a complete disservice to the debate.#SNP18 
The SNP rejecting the result of a referendum will come as a surprise to absolutely zero Scots. A great shame that Sturgeon has taken such a wrecking approach to #Brexit. #Marr 
Significant step towards a #PeoplesVote. Brexit will be a disaster for every part of the UK. Sensible MPs from all parties should vote to give the public a #FinalSay. 
Nicola Sturgeon has more professionalism and integrity in her little finger than Dancing Queen PM or any others at Westminster and was honest about shifting #Brexit and #indyref2 dynamics + about challenges such as education. So glad we have her and #SNP. #marr 
Targeted campaigns to deselect me by Brexit millionaires & hostile bots won’t stop me setting out the evidence & making the case for seeking  #InformedConsent on the final Deal /No Deal. 
Theresa May was appointed by the Conservative Party to reverse and/or obstruct Brexit. The referendum result was not the one they expected or wanted. You have only to look at the Tory pre-referendum campaign - the original Project Fear. Carney and even Obama +++ predicting doom.  
Do you like competition or not?If you resent a few hard-working Eastern European plumbers & builders offering competitive services in our country......then why would you think Brexit is some “opportunity” to drop all barriers, allowing sweeping undercutting of domestic jobs? 
Why do I need to justify Brexit? It has been decided on by the majority of the population.  
The PM promotes:starving public services in the name of Tory austerity;anti-immigrant’go home’ vans;botched NHS reorganisation;cutting tax credits for working families;+a hard Brexit.Say what you like. It’s the same old Right wing nonsense. No thanks  
A while ago I got into grief arriving in Canada when I made the mistake of telling Immigration I was coming to teach a training course for my companyI would be delivering a service which was a no-noIt’ll be the same in the EU after BrexitDo people who trade in EU know this? 
The evidence of harm from a ‘No Deal’ Brexit with no transition is frankly overwhelming. It would be utterly clueless or spineless for MPs not to act on the evidence. 
WATCH | Former head of MI6 Sir Richard Dearlove on Brexit: "I'm personally happy to see us ceasing to be a member of the EU... I'm absolutely confident that we can survive and thrive"Support us at Read more at  
I moved from being a soft Brexit Eurosceptic to a Remainer & have never regretted it. Personally think we should encourage a culture in our politics of weighing up evidence rather than a fixation with sticking doggedly to an opinion or policy whatever the harm. 
Nicola Sturgeon on #Marr: Brexit brings the issues vey much into focus - the DEMOCRATIC DEFICIT - 62% of people in Scotland voted to Remain in the EU & yet in just less than 200 days, we're going to face exit from the EU. It´s hard to think of a better illustration of this. 
"62% of Scots voted to remain in the EU and yet in less than 200 days Brexit is taking us out of the EU, its hard to think of a better example of democratic deficit than that" Nicola Sturgeon #IndyRef2 
THE REFERENDUM will benefit politicians, more than it can ever improve governance. Secondly, the constitution works best in the context of a matching culture of compliance. Thirdly, the culture is lacking. Lastly, culture cannot be reintroduced through referendum. Wake up. 
Sturgeon clear (and coherent) on setting out her plans on a second independence referendum when Theresa May comes back with a Brexit deal. #marr #snp18 
2016: “Brexit will make you better off”2018:  
I would expect the SNP MPs to vote for a second Brexit related referendum says @NicolaSturgeon #marr 
Watching Nicola Sturgeon's grasp of the detail on Brexit on #Marr and thinking that both May and Corbyn are very lucky to face each other at the dispatch box. 
FM: "I think SNP MPs would undoubtedly vote for a second EU referendum... of course we'd want to talk to other parties about how Scotland doesn't find its self in the same situation as last time." #SNP18 #Marr 
No thanks, we don't support your right wing windrush deporting, benefits slashing, economy tanking, hard Brexit agenda 
Scotland’s First Minister @NicolaSturgeon tells @MarrShow we cannot allow a “fire or frying pan” situation where the only choice on offer from the UK government is a bad Brexit deal that sees us dragged out of the single market and customs union or no deal at all #Marr #SNP18 
Significant: Nicola Sturgeon says for first time SNP MPs will vote for a second EU referendum if it is proposed in Parliament 
Inga Beale(chief executive Lloyd's of London) - Post-#brexit Lloyd's will no longer be able to offer insurance from London as before.. so #brexit has forced them into opening up a subsidiary in Brussels. #peoplesvote #FBPE #marr #ridge 
MUST-WATCH: Bob Geldof, lead signatory to an open letter condemning Theresa May's Brexit plans, will be marching on Parliament in our #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th. Read the open letter here:  
Said it before; my decision to support Remain followed the sheer weight of evidence in so many areas about our national interest, the harms of leaving & positive case for Europe, not just about the cynical lies on the side of the Brexit bus  
We're marching! We can make this the biggest march against Brexit - join us >  
Why does anyone give a shit what this nasty, abusive, millionaire narcissist thinks about #Brexit? The media is so desperate to derail the result of a democratic referendum they’ll scrapE the bottom of the ‘celebrity’ barrel for any scrap of pro-EU, anti-UK hysteriaTwat pic.twitter.com/3WjojdZH0i 
An incredible 89% of SNP supporters back a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal.EU membership is the best way to protect Scottish jobs and living standards. Spread the word.  
#PeoplesVoteMarch We voted 17.4 million to leave the EU. Stop trying to stop Brexit your boring the 17.4 million with this nonsense. We’ve had the Referendum 2016 get over it. Stop crying.  Get behind the government like the rest of us.   
This by Tony Parsons in the Sun is unacceptable. It is a fascist attempt to terrorize a democracy into compliance. @metpoliceuk this is clearly terrorism as legally defined, the use of a threat of violence for political ends. Please prosecute. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
The extraordinary thing about Brexit is that ultimately everyone, whether Remain or Leave, was voting for more control over the decisions that impact their lives. Yet, in reality, Brexit means giving all that up.  
Fascinating poll by @peoplesvote_uk - nearly 90% of SNP members want a vote on a final Brexit deal  #SNP18  
Key test might be this: will NI be able to be part of any post Brexit U.K. third party trade deals ie with the US, or will, those deals effectively be GB only? 
"I’m a 55 yr old & this is the first man hunt I have seen in football." "If it rains in London 2moro, it’s my fault. A bad Brexit deal is my fault.""At half-time we promised each other that we were going to give absolutely everything, & they gave everything." - Jose Mourinho  
Without my #PetPassport I wouldn’t be able to do my job when Dad travels. #Brexit put this & my health at risk b/c of vets leaving the U.K., likely restrictions & changes to animal medicine & food imports, with much higher prices too. Join me for the @wooferendum today!  
So, @theresa_may had an election *after* the referendum and in the manifesto was a promise to deliver Brexit. She lost seats and lost her majority. Which bits of democracy, mandate and lose would you like to discuss?  
Brexit ? I hate fucking Brexit, Yes Guys & Ms's-Edwyn, 
Slightly disappointed with numbers here. Looks like Scots who can’t imagine post-Brexit Tory rule are going to have to experience the full hell of it.  
Our latest poll of SNP members shows that a majority – 89%  - back having a #PeoplesVote on the outcome of Brexit negotiations - they believe Brexit will be bad for Scottish jobs, businesses & fishing. Please RT: 
Something is afoot, Brexit-wise.If you read this it says there could be EU customs officials controlling stuff and "people" imported from Ireland (North and South) in Liverpool, a bit like already in Dover.Has someone mentioned this to Arlene Foster ? :) 
Truly marvellous unionist case against a second EU referendum: “If I try to argue differently, to insist that one referendum result was sacrosanct, and the other should be immediately overturned, well that would make me just the worst kind of hypocrite.”  
This piss head is the same one making unrealistic, bullying threats against the Uk and Brexit....who the hell would want this idiot running and controlling your lives?  
MUST-READ: new polling shows huge support among SNP members for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal  
Here is @theresa_may’s legacy:NHS Crisis Schools Crisis Brexit ruinousPrison Crisis Food bank use UPHomelessness UPPoverty UPIncrease in debt Ruinous BrexitFailed Austerity RacismThe @CONservatives are a disgrace. We won’t be joining you, Theresa. #Marr #Ridge 
“Hostile environment” - not centre ground“Education cuts”  - not centre ground“Police cuts” - not centre ground“Health cuts” - not centre ground“Citizen of no where” - not centre ground“Brexit means brexit” - not centre ground“Islamophobia” - not centre ground#marr #bbcsp 
A massive doggo march in London against Brexit? Count me in Signs done and ready for the #Wooferendum march today from Piccadilly to Parliament Square. 
Former Head of MI6: UK can thrive outside of EU and remain big player. Sir Richard Dearlove cited sovereignty as the key to his support for Brexit.  
Romania, referendum on constitutionally prohibiting same-sex marriage:After voting on Saturday and few hours on Sunday, the turnout sits at 7.24% at 10am. Polls open until 9pm (GMT+3).30% turnout required for the referendum to be valid and binding.#Romania #referendum 
There will be prizes for the best placards / banners / posters / rosettes at today's #Wooferendum march! Let's get creative!Let's Mage history!Let's stop #Brexit  
Based on today's @SundayTimesScot poll, this is flat out untrue. In event of no deal Brexit, the Panelbase poll says it's 52-48 to stay in UK.  
Ready to march today!T-Shirt - checkPlacards - checkPoop bags - checkPee station- checkDogs are demanding a Wooferendum to stop Brexit. Join us and together let’s make the biggest bark in history. #stopbrexit #wooferendum 
I own a small business (2 shops). Costs up 15-25% since #EURef, sales down.I expect costs to rise another ~10% in next 12 months.It’s not looking good. Contingency plan is close one shop in order to save the other.Effects of Brexit are real & already happening.#StopBrexit 
Fewer vets, pet medicine shortages, higher pet food costs, end of EU Pet Passport scheme, Brexit is barking mad for people & pets. Join #Wooferendum march to Parliament today @PeterEgan6 @wooferendum @campbellclaret @peoplesvote_uk @SkyNews @BBCNews @itvnews @Channel4News 
How can the British trust our spies on Russia when we can't trust them on Brexit - Me in @ObserverUK 
80% of Conservatives voted for #brexit. You are delusional and in the wrong party.  
 WATCH and  RETWEET:Ruth Davidson has been fighting against a second Scottish referendum for 4 years now. She was a passionate Remain campaigner but she knows that rerunning the EU referendum would deeply undermine her case for the Union.  
Five times I have written to my (Labour) MP asking about her position on Brexit. Not once has she replied.  
Theresa May has failed to negotiate a #Brexit position with her own party – let alone agree a deal with the EU.Giving people a fresh say - a public vote with the  option to stay in the EU - is now the right approach for our city and country. 
CHEQUERS DESTROYS UK FISHING @theresa_may @michaelgove Re-obeying all EU law after Brexit is an existential threat to British fishing.EU can enforce rules to bankrupt our fleet to claim our fish we could no longer catch.#ChuckChequers & Transition! 
⁦@Arron_banks⁩ ⁦@LeaveEUOfficial⁩ little write up on our campaign to chuck the Tory MPs who have been deceitful to their Brexit supporting voters and who were elected on a brexit Tory manifesto - these liars have to be chucked   
This plumbing boss says he will not take down a giant "B******* to Brexit" sign on the roof of his company in central London, even if it means going to prison. @AndrewCastle63 @PimlicoPlumbers 
DEAL: Brexiteer MPs open to concessions to secure Canada-style EU agreement. “A proposal that answers the EU’s concerns, is in line with the 2017 manifesto, is clearly Brexit and honours the referendum mandate.” 
I mean, Bob Geldof, Ed Sheeran and Rita Ora saying Brexit will hurt their careers might make even the most ardent Remainers pause for thought  
Pretty clear from music industry, #Brexit will be damaging for their sector and services sector more generally (80% of the UK economy). Nobody voted for this and Vote Leave certainly haven't taken responsibility - but we all can, by demanding a #PeoplesVote on the deal 
Musicians warn industry 'could lose voice' after Brexit  
"A majority of people would support a independent Scotland in the likelihood of a hard Brexit" says @IanBlackfordMP 
Well said. The only Brexit dividend available comes from canceling Brexit.  
"In the 2016 Scottish election the SNP won that election with a manifesto commitment that if there were a material change of circumstances then we reserve the right to call an independence referendum." says @IanBlackfordMP on Brexit deal outcomes  
There's a bar in Prague where the staff now all sport anti brexit stickers.  as newer ex communist members now prosperous and with peace, they cannot understand it.  
EU countries will always be our main trade partners (economics: Gravity). Differences in laws add costs. Whether bound by a Brexit treaty or not, Parliament will always copy EU laws to help trade.UK is one of the main influencers of EU law now. We'd be mere followers post Brexit 
If the UK has left the EU by the time of the next General Election, will Corbyn commit to a new referendum and doing everything he can to renew our membership? 
Irish Deputy PM Simon Coveney sounding optimistic, reminds #Ridge that there are already checks and some new checks may be unavoidable. Also says the chances of a Brexit deal are "good" because the withdrawal treaty is 90% agreed. Realistic tone. 
Brexit could cost UK music scene its voice, warn leading British musicians  
Stupefying Survation survey suggests Scotland will vote Yes to independence if there's a no deal Brexit - #ScotRef 
People have raised the fear of Labour abstaining when May puts her Brexit 'deal' before parliament. Sadly seems likely.This is the party which always schedules competing canvassing/protesting on days of major anti Brexit events. 
Inspired by @campbellclaret's gorgeous Skye my daughter and I wish all @wooferendum a great day from us in  End the Brexit madness. Dogs and their families should not be stripped of their right to FoM and all the benefits being in the EU brings #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll 
Patriotic voters are sick of Theresa May and her warped Brexit plan, so she’s now pitching herself to the left-wing Observer. Some “conservative” she is!Support us at  
Have the Brexit Tory right forgotten the works of St Margaret? "A single market without barriers - visible or invisible - giving you direct & unhindered access to the purchasing power of over 300 million of the world's wealthiest & most prosperous people".  
Back to Brexit.Expect BBC and Sky News to re-focus on intensive Brexit bashing all day today. The bias against Brexit is reaching extreme levels of hysteria now. 
The government now calls No Deal a "Car Crash #Brexit"A desperate attempt to scare Brits into accepting the #ChequersPlan or something even worseFar better short-term disruption than long-term damage that would be inflicted on our economy by Chequers 
SNP Westminster group leader Ian Blackford MP says the party will only support a Brexit deal if it keeps us in the single market & customs union. If not, they’ll vote against any proposal the PM puts forward. #SNP18 
Translation: May bids to win over Labour voters as part of No.10 strategy to woo Labour MPs into backing Chequers Brexit betrayal, at expense of actual Conservatives#StandUp4Brexit 
IDS: We need to get on & agree the deal that honours the referendum mandate, respects the EU project and enables open and frictionless borders from Northern Ireland to Dover  
Can't think of a better Brexit  bonus than Geldolf, Bono et al losing their voices. Would Lily Allen be too much to hope for?  
Let's get #Wooferendum trending on Twitter.It's a beautiful day to make history!Be part of the biggest political dog march ever seen!Here's how!#Wooferendum #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Hi @AdamAfriyie I’ve heard a rumour that you won’t engage with your constituents about Brexit. Surely you know that is a basic responsibility of being a democratic representative?Retweet if you think Adam should respond to the views of the people he represents  
Referendum voters were kept in the dark about the EU Commission’s defence planning.In 2015, the EU said its plans would be public in Apr 2016.In fact, the referendum meant the plans were kept quiet until 5 days AFTER the vote.Remain’s defence arguments were based on a fallacy.  
If Jeremy Corbyn really believes in democracy, he needs to uphold the result of the EU referendum  
LOLThought we’d reached peak Remoaner hysteria?Nope. Now @SkyNews are wheeling out an Irish tramp to spout some more whining, hilarious propaganda & bullshit#Brexit 
Memo to Theresa May: Of course UK exports to the EU must conform to EU rules, just as exports to (say) India must conform to Indian rules. But EU rules post-Brexit must have no wider application to UK industry, or commerce, or any other area. 
Bobby Geldof reckons Brexit will wreck the UK music industry.The geezer wants to have a good look in the mirror then.Cos this moment almost single-handedly swung the vote in Leave's favour.  
Sting, Rita Ora and Ed Sheeran 'could lose voice' after Brexit? Fabulous! If that had been promised at the outset it’d have been an absolute landslide for Leave   
Goboff's obviously forgotten how his antics were worth an estimated half-a-million votes to the Brexit movement last time. You'll notice, also, how he hasn't been quite so disgusted with the Brexit vote as to relinquish his honorary knighthood in protest at it. . . .  
Your unique brand of campaigning did more for Brexit than it did for Remain, Bob... pic.twitter.com/BK97denrBc 
Wasn't 'Sir' Gob Goboff going to immediately leave our shoes forever if the UK voted Leave?It's now over 2 years since the Brexit vote, so why's the champagne-socialist gobshite even still here at all?  
Kudos to the @peoplesvote_uk campaigners who courageously stood up to the far-right thugs in Sunderland yesterdayIf this is what Brexit brings we should not give in to it but fight to defend our democracy against extremism  
“Brexit stole my future” says 15-year-old. Obviously he hasn’t checked EU youth unemployment figures lately.  
Here's @Nigel_Farage saying that the only message he wished to communicate during the 2016 referendum, was a narrative around immigration which he later completely contradicts.And even with that lie Leave only won by a 1.9% swing. Take that away.... 
A no-deal Brexit could mean $12 billion in food and drink tariffs for Britain, raising supermarket prices, study says  
May talks about being for everyone. If she genuinely believes that to be true, despite overwhelming evidence the young are against her Brexit, she must offer everyone a 1st vote on the true facts.Give democracy a voice @theresa_may. Otherwise, it’s nothing but empty words. /6 
Leading Brexiteers have announced that they’d support EU officials being stationed at UK ports after Brexit to help unlock a #SuperCanada trade deal with Brussels#StandUp4Brexit 
Brexit is now turning into a battle between those who want to do the wrong thing for the wrong reasons and those trying to do the right thing for the right reasons, writes @campbellclaret. 
The circling over the carcass continues: "President Macron has stepped up attempts to attract UK-based carmakers to France with a private dinner at the Elysée Palace, following their growing concerns about a botched Brexit deal." 
In the week drug trials were stopped because of Brexit fears,  May talks about investing in the NHS with a straight face.Why aren’t vital NHS jobs being filled?What will your “low-skilled” £50k immigration do to the NHS?£350m?Doctors are against Brexit for good reason. /5 
Baroness Altmann is absolutely correct & even more so as EU Referendum was supposed to be advisory & had no supermajority or threshold requirements meaning that its Leave verdict with a narrow majority was likely to be unstable & fluctuate with time as we now see 28 months on!  
morning#Kavanaugh #Trump #Brexit #Russia #Climatechange #plastic #etc 
#Brexit: Clear majority of Britons want at least 'full access' to single market, new poll showsExclusive: Support for full access has now surpassed 60 per cent with many wanting to remain inside it or within the EUBut is Robot #May listening? 
“She hasn’t got a majority and, by God, she’s going to be shown she hasn’t got a majority”That MPs who are loyal to the referendum result and the Conservative manifesto have been pushed to this point speaks volumes#StandUp4Brexit 
17 Million British people aren't fanatics. They don't wake up every day foaming at the mouth about Brussels. They care about their families and their communities. They saw a country that wasn't working for them and wanted things to get better. That's what Brexit meant for them. 
Yesterday a counter-protester held a #RespectTheVote sign behind me.Given that the 3 main motivators behind the Brexit vote were Sovereignty, Prosperity and the NHS, in what way does allowing a Brexit that trashes all three respect the vote?#March4Sunderland 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL - @peoplesvote_uk & @Independent #MarchfortheFuture -You need to be in #London on 20 Oct 2018. @chesterforeu have a bus from #Chester.  Lifts to pick up point possible.  Some free places #brexit #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote Contact us 
Tapes reveal top Whitehall officials pledging to keep using taxpayers' money to prop up EU after Brexit.Civil servants secretly pledging to continue spending taxpayers’ cash propping up EU defence & foreign projects —including controversial “EU Army”. 
#Brexit is Tory-owned, Tory-inspired, to fend off a Tory Civil War within  To blame anyone outside of  demonstrates a failure to grasp reality#Brexit is now used to deflect/hide #Austerity and the damaged being done to  
MUST READ: British artists speak out against Brexit including ⁦@RitaOra⁩ ⁦@edsheeran⁩ + ⁦@Damonalbarn⁩ Time to give people the #finalsay on Brexit ⁦@BestForBritain⁩ 
Brexit will wreck the UK music industry warn country's top artists in angry letter to Theresa May drafted by Bob Geldof  
UK music stars rail against Brexit in open letter to Theresa May  The same Bob Geldof that laughed at working people was it? Well we all know how he hates ordinary working folk. Just another Champagne Socialist like Mr Corbyn. 
The 1998 referendum on the Good Friday Agreement established a soft precedent in this country that major constitutional changes involving international treaties require that the treaty be put before the people to vote on.Democracy demands the people see the deal they're signing. 
Seen more tweets this weekend on Strictly Come Dancing and X Factor than I have about the impeding shitstorm of Brexit.Dancing pricks and singing pricks. Media thrives on creating dumbfucks.Still, its Bake Off in a couple of days, eh? 
The only real “Brexit dividend” will come from not leaving   Today’s Observer column 
Vote Leave tried to get Peston taken off air during the referendum because they disliked his approach of pointing out the massive holes in their arguments  
You should worry more about Pissed-off Tory voters than disgruntled Labour voters @theresa_may Look how many of us you lost last time when you abandoned conservative values and how many your Brexit lies have alienated. 
The 'botched Brexit' slogan strikes me as a better campaigning device for Remain because:a) everyone should be instinctively against a botched Brexit.b) we are likely to get one.  
Please make sure you clock this. UK loses its free trade deals with Japan and Canada on #Brexit and needs EU agreement to make new deals. British ppl are being badly misled abt prospects for free trade after leaving EU. Time to fess up before its too late  
Dunc voted leave and is a #RemainerNow I have shared before. He is annoyed that everything he was led to believe #brexit backing politicians has proved false, and with listening to the excellent @mrjamesob he has changed his mind.Thanks for being open on this @bigD7788,  
Macron makes overtures to UK car firms as Brexit talks enter critical week  
The heads of Renault Nissan, Vauxhall and Jaguar Land Rover were invited to a dinner last week by President Macron at the Elysée Palace. France can offer continued full access to the European market. Brexit Britain can’t!  
lmao this proposes the 8 other justices should "vote" whether or not to accept Kavanaugh.Exactly like Brexit. When democratic processes create outcomes leftists don't like, the answer is always to invent a brand new layer of "democracy" to undo results + get their way after all  
Musicians warn industry 'could lose voice' after Brexit  
Politicians make decisions based on their personal interests; largely. Referendum is in their best interests, mwananchi is often at the bottom during considerations. 
BBC was not impartial during Brexit referendum, ITV's Robert Peston says.  Presenter argues public broadcaster did not help viewers to work out the truth - The Independent  
The Observer reports on a letter drafted by Remain fanatic Bob Geldorf and signed by pop stars as well as musicians like Sir Simon Rattle saying that Brexit will silence music ‘within a self-built cultural jail’ if there is no deal. No. The country will celebrate.And very loudly. 
"The Russian, Chinese, and Cuban revolutions were made by people who were vital to the economy but who lacked political power. Trump & Brexit were supported by many people who still enjoyed political power but who feared that they were losing their economic worth.." @harari_yuval 
Anons,Soros&CFR are attacking Macedonia's sovereignty,state department officials are giving them support,we will need help in this fight so spread the message,people just boycotted the referendum they ignore it,help us to help you!#Q#QAnon#MAGA#DeepState#DrainTheSwamp#KAG 
I DARE @JustinTrudeau and Gerry Butts to make the upcoming election a referendum on if Canadians want a carbon tax or not. They’ll soon realize it’s a losing proposition. Canadians are tired of being OVER taxed!#AxeTheCarbonTax #Cdnpoli 
Hard Brexit risks Britain's status as ‘gateway to Europe’ for Japanese companies  
Brexit: Clear majority of Britons want at least 'full access' to single market, new poll shows:  
Brexit: closer to the mainstream - the people who make the most noise are not those who best represent public opinion. With our support for the Efta/EEA option, we are far closer to the mainstream than is Johnson and his fellow travellers...  #Brexinfo. 
The circle of ignorance... The media's role in our downfall. #Brexit  
Revealed: Theresa May's bid to get #Labour to back #Brexit deal - Any Labour MP backing Tory Government instead of fighting for general election to give a #Corbyn led govt. chance to tackle low wages, poor housing, NHS underfunding etc should be expelled! 
Not only that the referendum has failed, but it was a complete fiasco considering all the pressure from un-elected bureaucrats such as yourself @JHahnEU. To prove my point, here is how neutral journalist shrugs off the "successful referendum" bullshit sold by the government pic.twitter.com/LKnFIfwVpY 
Amazing night at @JeremyJoseph G-A-Y for Party for a @PeoplesVote_UK to say we want a final say on Brexit. #P4PV 
So Brexit is going well, eh?  
Watch #3Blokesinapub speaking utter truths on Brexit and Ireland Episode 14. As usual factual, clear and precise..@JasonJHunter 
So to clarify, you think anybody that supports Brexit is a "hardline right-winger". How can somebody so politically uneducated be an MP and garner so much attention?! 
Nobody voted for a botched Brexit or 'No Deal'. If you only go on one political march in you life - make it this one! #PeoplesVoteMarch 
EU is proposing laws to clamp down on tax evasion which is the real reason rich tories want Brexit  
Stars line up to pay for coach travel to Brexit #PeoplesVoteMarch.Delia Smith and Sir Patrick Stewart join political figures to help supporters get to London.March on 20 October to demand a #PeoplesVote with a #FinalSayForAll to #StopBrexit. 
Shocking. A chlorine bath for American chickens. If brexit happens, food prices increase, quality and provenance decreases. Let me know when this gets complicated....  
she lurches to the right and wants centrist vote... ummm no.... (and I am a typically centrist conservative voter who due to brexit, and austerity is no longer - and cannot vote with a govt who keeps killing the disabled in favour of supporting fat cat bankers) 
If you’re awake, you can listen to me pick through today’s EU signals about a deal on LBC in a bit. Bottom line: we’re staying in the customs union forever and it seems May’s hoping the Brexit hardliners are too stupid to realise it 
After Brexit, we are likely to be very much at the mercy of the US. 
How will #Brexit affect the life of your average constituent?How will Brexit improve the life of your average constituent?These are the questions that you, Andrew #marr, need to ask every MP who appears on your show.All MPs should be asking themselves these questions too. 
Congratulations on the Kavanaugh confirmation from the UK. It is great to see @realDonaldTrump & others you name actually change course in the US in spite of a scorched earth policy by some Dems. We thought we were making progress on #Brexit over here but still some way to go! 
Observer: UK music stars including Ed Sheeran, Jarvis Cocker, Brian Eno & Johnny Marr warn that #Brexit threatens to wreak havoc on their industry & turn Britain into a "self-built cultural jail",#PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/DLkaX3R03G 
Nicola Sturgeon: Brexit shambles strengthens independence bid  
This German comedy segment on Brexit seriously made me hang my head in shame. Every word is true, and bitter. (Can someone add subtitles???). We're a laughing stock. And the rest of the world is laughing because of our stupidity, xenophobia and arrogance. 
The Sun/Survation poll is the other way round: a no-deal Brexit puts Yes in FRONT by 52-48. 
Remainer are British too. My son serves in the army. His whole unit are remainers. Brexit will fail, you know that though.... enjoy your moment, it won't last.  
Sunday Times/Panelbase poll is worse for Yes than the other poll announced so far tonight - still 48Y 52N in the event of no-deal Brexit.  
Losing an election immediately post Brexit would be the best thing the Tory party could do. I don’t think @UKLabour see the trap. Better campaign for a people’s vote to distance themselves from the fall out.., 
The Tory press trying to frighten Tory MPs into supporting @theresa_may's disasterous Brexit. Whatever. We need an election. We need a @jeremycorbyn LAB government.  
The Tories have gone to war with reality. Their insistence on "hard Brexit" will ensure Britain stays on a tight EU leash. #Brexit  
Seeds of Italy supports @PimlicoPlumbers in the fight against brexitLeaving 770+ EU bodies - Europol, Euratom, the Protected food names scheme, Open Skies, Galileo, Erasmus, EU Meds Agency, EU arrest warrant etc does not benefit the UK. #BollocksToBrexit #PeoplesVoteMarch 
Downing Street officials are preparing for a ‘Car Crash Brexit’ if the Prime Minister’s Chequers plan is rejected by Brussels or voted down by the Commons. 
It's obvious really. A significant fraction of Leave voters have always favoured a Norway type option immediately post Brexit & it's probably safe to assume the vast majority of Remainers would take it as their 2nd best. Add the two & it's easy to see a 60+% acceptance rate.  
The point of Brexit, which is to deregulate, is explained in the book 'Britannia Unchained'. It is to enable no minimum wage, reduced workplace rights, poorer health and safety standards and even lower corporation tax, so that the UK can be “competitive” with developing nations. 
Robert Peston says that the BBC was biased during the referendum campaign in that it gave too much air time to ‘loonies’. He means Leave supporters of course. Impartial journalism would have meant assessing both sides and saying which was closer to the truth—i.e. Remain. Pathetic 
The protest against the Kavanaugh nomination seems more like Civil War than a political disagreement.Trump has made the Republican party in his own image, just as the Conservative Party became Brexit UKIP. The mainstream right seems extinct. I cannot see this ending well. 
Does anyone have any pictures of the massive anti-EU demonstrations that persuaded our government to hold the 2016 referendum in the first place? If you don't have any, please RT so that this message reaches someone who does. Thanks.  
Quite possibly- but it won't work. The truth will come out,  "brexit" will be stopped , and the international criminal gang trying to wreck British democracy will be brought to justice 
@guyverhofstadt @MichelBarnier @eucopresident Brexit was a right-wing conspiracy of racists, fascists, liars and criminals to steal British democracy . There were key players from the USA and Russia with associates and accomplices in the UK. It is essential that it is now stopped 
Three questions to those who would still vote Leave now that the facts are clear.- Whose idea was Brexit?- What problems did they say Brexit was going to fix?- To what extent will those problems actually be fixed? 
 Scottish independence poll klaxon  Would you vote yes or no to Scotland being independent if......Brexit happens? Yes - 50% No - 50%...no-deal Brexit happens? Yes - 52% No - 48%(Survation, 3-5 Oct) 
Survation poll on Independence;Yes - 41% (46%)No - 49% (54%)DK - 10%In event of Brexit;Yes - 42% (50%)No - 42% (50%)DK - 17%In event of No Deal Brexit;Yes - 43% (52%)No - 39% (48%)DK - 18% 
The poll published by @survation this evening:If brexit happens: -Yes 50%-No 50%If a no deal brexit happens:-Yes 52%-No 48%Squeaky bum time for the unionists  
"The confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh was, at heart, a referendum on the integrity of U.S. institutions and of the impunity of elites – and America failed."Kendzior hasn't made a wrong call in the two years I've been aware of her. 
The documentary, which is one of many fascinating ones in the last few years, is marking 50 years since outbreak of troubles/war in Nothern Ireland for those who think this is timed for Brexit. It is not but I make the link because so few people inc me don’t have experience of NI 
If Brexit doesn't mean retaining our distinctive British platform heights it will be seen as a huge betrayal of the 52%.   
“It is time Theresa May dumped Chequers. Her awful deal would sell out Brexit and sell out the British people.”Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
Mourinho: “I am 55 years old, I have never seen a manhunt like this. I go to London tonight and it rains tomorrow, it’s my fault. If there is some difficulty in the agreement for brexit, it’s my fault.” #mufc [bt] 
Police Scotland say there were 193,000 people in Edinburgh today all to have a "picnic in the park" and wee Ruth the mooth says there is no appetite for an independence referendum!  
I'd love to see the excuses from @acgrayling, @JolyonMaugham, @eddiemarsan and the rest of the anti-Corbyn #FBPE brigade if Labour's Blairite MPs defy a 3-line whip and vote for Theresa May's #Brexit deal just to stop Corbyn becoming PM. Imagine the scenes. 
Jesus! ... if after 8 years of relentless austerity, stagnating wages, the housing crisis, councils going bankrupt, the bedroom tax, Windrush, Grenfell and Brexit, The Observer have joined the rest of the press in supporting the Tories ... they must really hate ordinary people.  
Brave women give their testimony in @BBC 's documentary Troubles: the life after. A moving, heartbreaking reminder of just how much we stand to lose thanks to #Brexit. The GFA is too important and politicians cannot mess this up. 
‘Cultural jail’: Brexit could bring booming industry to its knees  
In tomorrow’s @ScottishSun —@Survation poll suggests Brexit will push Scottish independence support to at least 50%.  Results —Current Yes/No/undecided or refused 41/49/10 (Yes/No 46/54). If Brexit happens: 42/42/17 (Yes/No 50/50)If no-deal Brexit:43/39/18  (Yes/No 52/48) #SNP18 
kind of awesome that the entire mainstream political social cultural system deployed all of its biggest weaponry to stop brexit, then trump, then kavanaugh and all of it amounted to literally NOTHING lmao 
 Support for an independent Scotland is at historically high levels, and will only continue to rise if the UK government doesn't reverse course on their dangerous Brexit plans. #SNP18 
The midterm elections are going to be a referendum on the future of America. Theirs is a future based on bitter partisan politics, tribalism, & division. If we want a better future for our country (& our husbands, brothers, fathers, & sons) we ALL need to vote AND bring 2. #vote 
Brexiters are sooo confident another vote would end with brexit winning by a huge majority and cementing brexit for good.Yet brexiters are sooo against having this vote and arguing all they can to prevent it. lol 
There is no will of the people. It's a false concept, used by tyrants through history to cement their power and deligitimise political opposition.#Brexit  
So almost every other paper on Fleet St supports the ToriesAnd now the Observer/Guardian leads with this puff for May, she of the Hostile Environment, Austerity (whatever her rhetoric), bungling Brexit, lying Ministers etcWhy is the paper doing this?  
I’ll believe it when it happens !!**************************************EU immigration to Britain ‘could fall by 80 per cent after Brexit’  via @MailOnline 
Top UK music stars, including Jarvis Cocker, Rita Ora, Ed Sheeran, Roger Taylor and Sting, rail against Brexit in open letter to Theresa May:  
“We are the only option for moderate voters” says woman who deported Windrush citizens and backed the far right Orban and is pursuing the hardest possible Brexit and extreme immigration rules and an austerity that‘s killed 1000s and sent foodbank use and childhood poverty soaring  
While they’re about it, how about Russian interference in the referendum & Russian aim to destabilise Europe? “MPs demand explanation for not investigating 'Russian money laundering' - The Telegraph  
Great 200-strong rally for people’s vote in Sevenoaks this evening. I urged them to lobby local MPs Michael Fallon, Tom Tugendhat & Greg Clark to back a people’s vote - all 3 are remainers who know Brexit is a catastrophic mistake 
.@sarahkendzior: "The confirmation of Judge #BrettKavanaugh was, at heart, a referendum on the integrity of U.S. institutions and of the impunity of elites – and America failed."  #KavanaughVote #SCOTUS #UnitedStates 
UK music stars rail against Brexit in open letter to Theresa May  
BBC was not impartial during Brexit referendum, ITV's Robert Peston says - The Independent  
Whatever it is WE WANT TO VOTE ON IT WITH AN OPTION TO REMAIN. “Brexit deal could be done in next fortnight, EU chief Jean-Claude Juncker says - The Independent  
What will people do when they realise that stemming the flow of migrants makes no positive difference to their lives?What will they do when they lose their jobs?When food costs go up?When holidays and cars become prohibitively expensive?Who will they blame?#Brexit 
Wait don't the 48 win? Isn't that hiw it works according to Anna Soubry, David Lammy, Chris Leslie, Chuka Umuna and Phillip Lee.#Brexit  
Banksy Brexit.  
"A decent, moderate and patriotic programme" writes @theresa_may... So decent that it is forcing 3.7 million EU citizens to apply to stay.So moderate that it is basically setting Northern Ireland on fire.So patriotic that it is sacrificing the future on the Brexit altar.  
Everybody,  mean everybody! Leaver, remainer, martian, whoever; please watch this. @JasonJHunter explains exactly what Brexit actually means (sans political soundbites)  
You know what really helps tackle rare diseases? International collaboration. Cross-border research teams, united in scientific endeavour.You know - the kind of EU-wide research teams from which you've excluded British science, thanks to your self-serving Brexit referendum.  
The team have our placards ready for the #Wooferendum "dogs against Brexit' march tomorrow. 5,000 dogs will march through London. Midday - Piccadilly to Parliament Sq. Join us  
Has anyone, in the 2½  years since the ref, had any interaction with a Leaver that was anything other than abuse or obfuscation, when challenged on what tangible Brexit benefits there were?No, me neither.  
Those of you thinking "Decent people should be immune to it":To an extent yes. But we know how powerful the bubble effect is. Many of us lived in Remain bubbles that couldn't imagine people ever voting Brexit.Imagine if the Daily Mail was your only news source. All you knew... 
There’s a big problem with Theresa May’s pitch: the marketing has to reflect the product you’re selling. These aren’t modern, compassionate Conservatives. They’ve cut Britain to the bone, broken the link between hard work and reward and as for Brexit...  
I've had hundreds of replies from Leavers over the last 24 hours, mostly abusive ranting, and not a single cogent argument for #Brexit between them. All they can do is try to deny the people a democratic #PeoplesVote.#StopBrexit 
I know it's been said many times before but @BorderIrish is an insanely brilliant conceit delivering perhaps the most clear-sighted (and tragic and funny) insight into Brexit you will ever see anywhere. 
Puerto Rico statehood would be contingent on holding a new & fairly worded binding referendum. And while we're at it, the federal government should ease their ridiculously unjust debt burden 
Election Day was devastating. But you could still rationalize that not everyone loved Trump—some just didn’t like Hillary.Today was a referendum on a man credibly accused of sexual assault. And they just didn’t care. Today is as bad, or even worse, than Election Day. 
Since Brexit, we as people of Ireland are already united as one in opposition to the casual disregard for our lives displayed by Westminster. Well done @daraobriain #think32 
Hang on, that’s less than the Brexit margin. Surely the vote must be rerun until the “democrats” get the result they want? x  
Well I’m so glad you have a couple of hours to kill in between marauding up and down the country trying to undermine the will of the British people Femi, had a lovely day Brexit wrecking with sourpuss Soubry did you, who payed for this little trip to Sunderland who funds you Femi  
You are living a fantasy @RobbieGibb - there is no way a PM responsible for austerity, universal credit chaos, hostile environment, police cuts, who favours grammar schools + smears Welsh NHS - and is in hock to hard right #Brexit extremists can *ever* appeal to centre ground. 
BBC was not impartial during Brexit referendum, ITV's Robert Peston says  
The In Limbo Project will be presented at @Europarl_EN in Brussels on 10 Oct  by @Elenauk @vdavidmartin & @BrexpatsHOV with readings of powerful Brexit testimonies from our books #InLimbo and #InLimboToo .We are delighted to get this opportunity to tell our stories! 
Following a no-deal Brexit, frictionless trade in goods would end overnight.  
JOSE MOURINHO IN HIS OWN WORDS ON SATURDAY:+ "If it rains in London tomorrow, it's my fault. Brexit, it's my fault." + "Too much wickedness in something that should be beautiful."+ "There are periods with a lot of meat and periods with a lot of bones." #Mourinho #ManUtd 
EU is set to offer Britain a free-trade deal deeper than any agreement that’s gone before, but will reject Theresa May's demand for "frictionless trade," diplomats say 
.@MollyMEP makes the case for a greener, fairer European trade policy. #Brexit would mean a loss of democratic control as lower food & product standards are negotiated thro 'free trade deals' not Parlt. Don't let the Brexiters get away with it. #KeepControl #peoplesvote #GPConf 
Our economy is 2.5% smaller thanks to the dogs' breakfast that is #brexit   costing £500,000,000 a week - EVERY WEEK - we cannot afford this?Leave all the rhetoric on democracy aside for a moment: we are in free-fall and watching a reasonably functioning economy tank: for what? 
Tune in to @NBC6 on Sunday at 9:30 a.m. to watch @MiamiSup discuss teachers, school safety, and the #SecureOurFuture referendum on Impact with @JackieNBC6. 
IF WE DON’T GET THE BREXIT WE VOTED FOR BLAME JOSÉ MOURINHO ‘If it rains in London, it’s my fault. If there is difficulty over the Brexit agreement it’s my fault”LEAVE MEANS LEAVE JOSÉ   
Robert Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign  
I hate to point it out to you guys but what you are going through with both POTUS and SCOTUS mirrors what we are going throught on this side of the Pond with #Brexit. Why is it that so many of your and our politicians have lost their backbone for standing up for what is right? 
UPDATE: 5.72% - final turnout at end of Day 1 of Romania's two-day referendum on whether to narrow the constitutional definition of a family to a union between a man and woman (rather than two "spouses"). Needs 30% to be validated. Let’s see what tomorrow brings. 
This is why #Brexit must not happen. If threats of violence are seen to deliver results, then our democracy will die. Violence and threats of violence must be punished, not rewarded. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
The Westminster bubble best wake up. And quick.Scotland now. What about Wales? Northern Ireland? How will English regions respond when Brexit means poorer, with fewer rights?Let's stay in the EU, devolve power from Westminster and return control to the people.#PeoplesVote 
"Shock as Brexit promises in 2016, valued at £350m a week, suddenly get shredded."  
Valuable THREAD on potential food quality consequences of trading on WTO terms #Brexit  
Brexiteer in local pub went to Ireland last week. Said he couldn't understand what all the fuss was about the Irish border and Brexit, since whilst over there went back and forth across the border several times with no problem. FFS, where do you start? 
Mourinho: "If it rains in London, it is my fault. A bad Brexit deal is my fault."@JARiiseOfficial : "Mourinho's back!" Andy Gray: "He looked like his old self there!" They say he's getting sacked in the morning but maybe he's coming back in the morning? ‍#beINPL 
A prosperous and equitable post-Brexit Britain where individual autonomy is the basis of national sovereignty. SOVEREIGN is for all patriotic and hardworking Britons.  
It never ceases to amaze me when some people on the left describe the EU is an outward looking, democratic and liberal organisation. It's none of those things; it's protectionist, antidemocratic and authoritarian.Thank God we're leaving!#Brexit 
The most famous landmark in London overtaking the London Eye, Tower Bridge, Buckingham Palace and Big Ben. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Absolutely delighted to take part in People’s Vote free coach travel plan. This Oct 20 March is going to be big and I will be there with a plumbing van guard of honour to say Bollocks to Brexit. #PeoplesVote#BollockstoBrexit@campbellclaret 
Manhunts, Brexit, the weather, all on the agenda after Jose’s @ManUtd comeback victory. #mourinho 
The Lambeth Labour Council has lost the plot. I hope more companies will be proud to support the Bollocks to Brexit Campaign.There is nothing more popular on the street than Bollocks to Brexit stickers. #FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Tbh I have stopped retweeting the likes of Adonis, Ummuna and Lammy. How can they stay in #Labour The Brexit supporting Party?Same applies to Soubry. It's Country  before Party - unless your career comes first of course!  
Austerity will not end, particularly when Brexit is over.There will be a million excuses, once Brexit is in the past, and Conservatives have complete & utter control of 'absolutely everything' .. totally unchallenged.TOTAL DICTATORSHIP  
Chanting "liar, liar, liar" at a doctor, who was speaking passionately about the effects of #Brexit on the #NHS, was a particular low point for me. #March4Sunderland@BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @michaelgove hang your heads in shame. 
Billboard in San Francisco. Brexit globally famous for being a political disaster  
Romania Holds Referendum on Defining Marriage as ‘Union Between a Man and a Woman’  
Jose Mourinho interview ‘If it rains in London it is my fault. A bad Brexit deal is my fault." Looooool  
The People's Vote lot haven't got an argument. Here is the logic...If we are going to rerun the 2016 EU Referendum on the premise of Leave voters dying out and younger voters who might vote Remain coming of age. Surely we must first repeat the 1975 Common Market Referendum?  
Scotland doesn't want another independence referendum?(We've already got a mandate)#AUOBEdinburgh @AUOBSCOT #indyref2 
This referendum thing does NOT have to be EITHER OR, let us have common ground to benefit all. PROPONENTS: anticipation of new executive jobs. PROTAGONISTS: status quo favours them. Let us make necessary amendments ONLY to ensure institutional coherence and fiscal SUSTAINABILITY 
"I go to London tonight, if it rains in London tomorrow, it's my fault. If there is a problem with Brexit, it's my fault."Read more from Jose Mourinho:  
'I am off to London tonight. If it rains there, it is my fault. If they don't find a Brexit agreement, it is my fault' Mourinho @ahmednasirlaw 
When ppl talk about Brexit, they often say they don't know who to believe. May says #ChequersPlan is good, others say it's a sellout. My take on it is this. If MPs in her OWN party tell us it's a pretend Brexit, they're the very LAST people who'd invent such a thing. Says it all. 
Mourinho, “If it rains in London tomorrow, it’s my fault. If there are problems with negotiating Brexit, it’s my fault.” Jose Remainho. 
José Mourinho says he is a hunted man but he can handle it. Says there’s too much wickedness in the game he loves these days. Says he’ll even be blamed if Brexit talks fail or if it rains in London tomorrow 
Mourinho: "A friend told me this morning if tomorrow it rains in London it is my fault. Brexit is my fault." 
⁦@Peston⁩ is spot on here. I relied heavily on the BBC for my facts during the 2016 referendum. Based heavily on their coverage I voted Leave & have regretted it ever since as I learnt more elsewhere Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum  
Mourinho: “A friend said to me if it rains in London tomorrow, it’s my fault. If there isn’t an agreement in Brexit, it is my fault. I have to be ready for this. It’s wickedness and manhunting and it’s too much. But it’s my life and I love this sport til my last day” 
'#Brexit has brought fascism back, warns #Bristol MP candidate'Great coverage and photos of our Greens for #PeoplesVote rally at #gpconf today. 
Clear majority of Britons want at least 'full access' to single market after Brexit, new poll shows  
Let's be having EU - Delia Smith speaks out against Brexit and joins other celebrities in funding travel to the People's Vote March.  
One of the challenges that has faced the country for far too long that needs correction is the management of healthcare.With a Referendum in offing, Health Service Commission can be established as part of the review of devolution structure and function. @RailaOdinga @UKenyatta 
Rachel Reeves: Why I’m backing a People’s Vote on any Brexit deal  
#Appalling #DisgustingRT if you stand with us & will not give in to this #vile #divisive #Brexit. We will continue fighting for a @peoplesvote_uk! #PeoplesVote 
So since my last poll was hijacked by leave bots, it has been suggested that I should run it again. Only fair really.So I will add #FPBE #PeoplesVote #JC4PM to gain support.So here we go, do you agree we should stop Brexit? 
Rachel Reeves MP: Why I’m backing a People’s Vote on any Brexit deal  
We will have more than 30 "Pee Stations” along the route of the #Wooferendum march in London tomorrow, each with a photo of your favourite Brexiteers. Meet at midday at Waterloo Place (by Piccadilly) & march to Parliament Sq. Let's stop #Brexit together...doggy style. pic.twitter.com/hvTG3Gh3hy 
What will happen to EU migrants in Britain after #Brexit?  
Don't believe Brexiteers telling you #brexit will cut red tape. Leaving the Customs union and single market will mean more red tape, says @keatingpatrick from Honda. #gpconf 
I’ve been pointing this out since I opened this account. Under the Venice commission code of practice, #Brexit could already be annulled. There’s a clause about not excluding citizens abroad, too, and honesty. If #Corbyn wasn’t a #Brexshit, he’d have said that, too. 
The tyrant @UKenyatta and Mr. HandChequer @RailaOdinga are not smart. Like blind mice, they have walked right into Mr. Arap Mashamba @WilliamsRuto's trap. Now that Ruto has said YES to their Kaputin referendum, they have no ruse to set the 2022 stage. Reject all Despots! 
Brexit Explained  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "On future migration, we need to focus on high-skilled, not low-skilled, labour."Having mass no-skilled labour migration hits the less well-off in society most because it hits their wages the most and stops them going up." #Brexit  
*Brexit Explained* #GoingGlobal  
Exactly right: BBC journalists need to demonstrate not just confidence, but common sense when reporting on Brexit.  
The day after the Catalan independence referendum, so on 2nd October 2017, the Spanish state quietly removed the money public companies and authorities held in the two largest Catalan banks 
Details of the Commission's upcoming discussion paper on no deal Brexit. Note the intention *not* to impose short term visas for UK visitors. (Long term residence would be subject to ordinary EU/national immigration law for non-EU citizens).  
“The hope is that May is leaving the back door open to manoeuvre away from Chequers & towards a Super Canada deal. We’re in a key moment for Brexit... It’s a really crucial outcome aswell for the people of the UK. People are very frustrated” Rebecca Ryan#StandUp4Brexit 
Final paragraphs of this article are the most interesting: is the UK going to stay in the CU and might the EU agree? The last vestige of a justification for Brexit would go. AND it would be utterly crazy not to opt for EEA as well to soften the impact of #Brexit  
Robert Peston: #BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign and #Brexit vote  
Brexit is rotting the brains of our foreign secretaries.  
With less than 6 months to go until Brexit, @MollyMEP, @EleanorComb, @nickdearden75 and @keatingpatrick discuss the impact that it could have on trade and our economy. #gpconf 
I'll be honest in saying I'm not 100% convinced of Scottish independence (yet), but the positivity and pride displayed by people in Edinburgh today is a stark contrast to the negativity of Brexit and it's supporters. 
Only 5.15% of #Romanians voted on Saturday by 7pm during the first day of a referendum aiming at banning gay marriage. Sunday is the second and final day. The plebiscite needs 30% participation to pass.#LGBT #EqualRights 
#Solidarity to Romania’s LGBT+ community as a nasty attempt to further marginalise them and others is made in the form of a cruel referendum to make it harder to legalise marriage equality. Disgusted to think that such bigotry could be mooted by self-professed Social Democrats.  
David here voted leave, but he changed his mind a long time ago. He feels he was lied to and feels #brexit will hit those least able to protect themselves the hardest. David is a #remainernow Respect  for speaking up @david_harman_uk, not easy but so many feel like you! 
This is a drop in the ocean compared to what would happen if Brexit were overturned by the political class. The Poll Tax riots will be a tea party in comparison, as the working classes rage against the elites who just cannot accept the will of the people 
Wonder why this is a problem only for the UK? Maybe because there are different views in Britain on #Brexit and #ScottishIndependence. 
‘It’s totally chaotic’: Top UK scientist heading up multimillion pound projects fears Brexit will strip leadership from Britain 
There seems to be a lot of noise from Brussels on a Brexit deal being signed soon. One wonders how much May has conceded. Olly has been in Brussels negotiating. Labour MPs are being sounded out to back the PM. If flags are about to come out I fear they will be white. 
FYI: Arron Banks’ South African private investigation team are going around to sources involved in revealing his Russian links, telling them to co-operate “before things escalate”The only bullying going on round here is from the Bad Boys of Brexit.  
Clear majority of Britons want at least 'full access' to single market after Brexit, new poll shows  
A fantastic day in Mansfield (72% leave at the referendum).Many eager for a #peoplesvote. Slightly more people against than #Nottingham but it wasn't even close. We went thinking we would be happy with a 50/50 split, and left with 85/15 split for a vote.@peoplesvote_uk 
Well said @RachelReevesMP"I have made the decision to support a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. I am convinced this is the right thing to do now that we know people are not getting what they were promised"Too right.  
We support you Charlie at @BremainInSpain & @UKEUchallenge Don't take it down!It's not "bollocks" that's offensive, it's Brexit!  
These scenes are partly your fault Anna but nothing in comparison to what will be if #Brexit is betrayed.  
Good old London gal asked about the “Bollocks to Brexit” banner: - “Oh I can’t stand that word. Drives me round the bend.” - “What word? Brexit?”- “Yeah.” Step aside @MrDDyer. The campaign for a People’s Vote has a new hero.  
I got told to "go back to my own country" the day after the vote, all because I was talking on the phone to a friend in Spanish. I'm 'home-grown' English and was walking down the high street of my home town... The legitimacy Brexit has given these people is deeply upsetting. 
In case anyone hadn't noticed, the brilliant @chrisgreybrexit is now being published regularly by @ipaperviews. Great call by them to bag one of the very best and most insightful Brexit commentators and explainers.  
The Good Place coming up with the only logical explanation for Brexit and the success of The Greatest Showman. #spoileralert 
Peter Grant is the hard Brexit centre half we needed to come in. Black boots, shirt tucked in. Top stuff. Going up as Champions #pafc 
An unreported fact critical to the #Brexit debate: EU27 citizens in the UK are blamed for hitting jobs and wages, but the reality is that it was the Chinese import shock. Any form of #Brexit is bound to make that worse. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Don't be fooled, the only deal on the table whilst Theresa May is PM is Chequers and Chequers will be rammed through parliament as the Tory brexiteers are spineless.#Brexit 
Is @WilliamsRuto now going to take back his insults against @RailaOdinga and shove them up his a**? He called Raila a conman. Some say that he has outfoxed Raila. How? He has joined Raila in referendum call so as to remain relevant but his heart isn’t in it. So who is the conman? 
And we're getting bored of your line. By all means campaign against Brexit further down the line, when it's had ample time to prove itself. But to attempt to overturn a democratic decision before it's even been enacted, just smacks of sour grapes, because it didn't go your way.  
Populism’s here to stay:“Trump, Brexit & national populists governing states such as Italy –haven’t produced the much promised Armageddon. Many voters have learned that an alternative is possible.”Excellent article by ⁦@GoodwinMJ⁩ 
If #Brexit goes ahead, we’ll be spoilt for choice.Where to go?Scotland, Wales, United Ireland - all newly separated from England.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Mansfield, Notts, 6th October 2018. Mansfield voted overwhelmingly to Leave the EU in the 2016 Referendum.  @peoplesvote_uk @peoplesvote_hq 
Alexa, show me a metaphor for Brexit.  
Fascists whine about being denied freedom of speech. If they were given half a chance they would be kicking political opponents to death. Never forget that. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I was sitting next to an Oxford florist at an SME meeting. We don't really grow flowers now, they are mainly grown in Holland, and she can't provide a quote for a wedding in April because of Brexit. She has no idea what flowers will cost her or even if they can be shipped. 
Today the Referendum contest, if it ever happens, has been framed by @WilliamsRuto - it is a contest between those who want less burden on mwananchi and those who want to introduce new weights. Time will light up the faces on either side. 
Britons reassured by the banks’ stability since the Brexit referendum may have returned their cash to the vaults  
It's now clear to see that this country is one which legitimises extremism and hate - giving it a platform in our daily lives in a transparent attempt to desensitise us. #Brexit is a major part of that, whether it's supporters admit it or not. And it's worked. #PeoplesVote 
'Dogs against Brexit' to march on Parliament to demand new EU referendum  
THIS. EXACTLY. #TheGreatAwakening is about patriots waking up, to the #NWO corruption that's working to destroy our nations. Time to #WalkAway and help @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp #WWG1WGA #MAGA #KAG #Brexit #QAnon #PatriotsUnite  
BBC was not impartial during Brexit referendum, ITV's Robert Peston says  
What's important to remember is: These people are trying to keep our national dialogue broken. They want us to give up on rational discussion because they know that if the country has a rational word with itself, Brexit won't happen. They're not the ones we need to reach out to. 
Not a Red Card football is a contact sport, Brexit Challenge, nothing more than a free kick.  
Company boss refuses to take down giant 'b*****ks to Brexit' sign  
4 yrs its long time in indy ref politics, 170k dropped off the electoral register, shit load of once scared pensioners too, the largest demographic shift of all is that there is now about 75% more Yes teenagers unaffected by project fear plus the anti brexit voteOur time is now pic.twitter.com/mc8evoqJmG 
SNP could back second Brexit referendum tied to independence vote  
Analysis from the Scottish Government finds that Scotland's economy could be hit by up to 10% from Brexit - thats more than 3 TIMES the hit it took after the 2008 financial crisis. MUST-READ: why Brian Cox is backing a #peoplesvote on the Brexit deal:  
Philip Hammond’s Project Fear scare warnings made Brexit talks even harder, says David Davis  
RT #ProlePoll - If you will be supporting the #PeoplesVote event on 20th  October - will you be marching for a vote to decide on the kind of #Brexit deal we have with #EU - or will you be marching to demand a vote including an #OptionToRemain ? 
Now Ruto is supporting calls for referendum. Let me ask Kenyans, do you know the questions and issues to be determined or you are just shouting ? 
And to think, its precisely these types of people that our PM has decided to deliver #Brexit for.. This country has lost all sense of shame.  
I've never liked using Brexit as it makes this whole fiasco sound rather innocuous, therefore, henceforth, I shall be spelling it #BreXXXit as it a highly dangerous act. 
"Venice Commission on Referendums, to which the UK is a signatory “if the cap on spending is exceeded by a significant margin, the vote must be annulled”RETWEET this as much as possible and WRITE TO YOUR MP and tell them!#Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #NoDealBrexit 
It's the vileness and evil ...they are May's 'children' and Trump's 'children.When #Brexit denies them what hey demand, they will be on the streets, armed, and smash shops ..they are the same genus as the man who killed Jo Cox. For which I hold both ukip & the tories guilty. 
This is the #Brexit the Tories really want -  Britain turned into a 'tax haven for the super rich' #GetTheToriesOut@UnityNewsUK @mac123_m @Hepworthclare @TheProleStar @ht4ecosocialism 
Thousands of dogs are expected to march on Westminster to protest against Brexit, this weekend.Read more at @talkRADIO 
Yup. The same people who shouted at peaceful, anti-Brexit demonstrators in Trafalgar Square recently & told us all to “go home.” This *is* my home. 
LETS BE CLEAR IT’S THE LAW, LEAVERS | Whatever Cameron promised or the leaflet said.The referendum was advisory only - and can be disregarded by the current Government and Parliament who are not bound by the promises of its predecessors.It’s that simple, really. 
Gibraltar says it will shut down Brexit talks if its British sovereignty is challenged  
My top 3 anti Brexit heroes:@Femi_Sorry- truth in the face of lies, always calm always collected@carolecadwalla- seeker and exposer of the truth behind brexit@nickynoo007-  a funny bloke  helping people vent/share about how #BrexitIsPersonalShare yours!#FightBrexit 
4. In the UK, David Cameron was the PM until announcing his retirement in June 2016 following the Brexit vote.Theresa May was the Home Secretary of UK from 2010-2016 looking after all the Intelligence Agency matters. She would now become the new PM. 
Andy Surabian, who ran the Trump war room in 2016, tells Axios: "[T]o keep the base enthused through Nov, Reps must now turn the midterms into referendum on Dem moves to impeach Judge Kavanaugh ... Kavanaugh is rocket fuel to Republican voters." 
We are trying to overturn anything to do with Brexit and we are now the majority, glad you've noticed. 
Romania, referendum on constitutionally prohibiting same-sex marriage:Turnout 3.78% at 4pm local time (GMT+3). Voting continues for a few more hours today and for the whole day tomorrow.30% turnout required for the referendum to be valid and binding.#Romania #referendum 
Brexit would just make it worse. “Austerity is definitely not over, and we can't ignore the damage that has already been done - The Independent  
Enjoyed listening to @Anna_Soubry passionately calling for a @peoplesvote_uk in #Sunderland today. Great crowd turned out to demand a final say on #Brexit. A demand that’s growing all over the UK. The stakes are too high for the North East, and all of us, and time is running out.  
Of course it’s about the result of the referendum.  The majority voted to leave and a loud minority are trying to overturn their wishes. 
There's now a template for 2020: Brexit, Trump 2016, Kavanaugh. Indignant lying can defeat calm reason b/c, says P.T. Barnum,  "there's a sucker born every minute"The '20 Dem nominee is gonna have to be very tough, aggressive, positive & clean to survive 45's beatdown to come. 
Brexit and the future of parallel imports from the UK   … #Trading #Medicines…  
If you value our #NHS then you should be fucking opposing #Brexit, because the tories will allow the Americans to asset strip it, but the brexiteers don't care, its all about control innit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit is a disgraceful act of vandalism against the people of this country. Messrs Dyson and Martin are part of this vandalistic cult, I cannot condemn this peaceful act of protest.  
We're marching against Brexit!Send Theresa May a message by making this the biggest protest against Brexit yet. Details here >  
We just published “Parallel import: the enigmatic phenomena of international trade”  #Parallelimports #Trade #Brexit #Pharma #Medicines #Marketplace #TradePharmaNetworkICO 
Brexit can & should be stopped  
I asked @KeithBrownSNP what if Westminster says NO to a second referendum? And here is what he said: #AUOBEdinburgh#500Miles 
Any #Labour MPs collaborating with #TheresaMay to save her #Tory government from collapse should be held to have auto-excluded themselves from @UKLabour #Chuka and Co, thy name is treason #Brexit  
Robert Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign 
This is but a small snippet of the potential civil disorder if Brexit is overturned before it's even been enacted upon.Rest assured Anna you'll be guilty as one of the key architects in stoking the flames. 
A referendum would revise the definition of family in the Constitution of Romania. Intended to prevent same-sex marriages from being legalized, critics fear it also could have consequences for households led by single parents and grandparents.  
Dear @GerardBattenMEP, I believe Brexit and UKIP to be abhorrent.I won't leave the country just to please you. In fact I enjoy the fact "citizens of nowhere/everywhere" and multiculturals annoy you so much.I am a proud member of both groups. 
A well-worn line from Brexiters is that the 2016 referendum was the largest democratic exercise in our history. Not true, but let's skip that for now: it was the closest run referendum in our history. Does that REALLY mandate the worst decision in our history without further ado? 
Why they're on the attack again isn't just because they fear for their ill-gotten prize, those in this up to their necks, the diamond geezers, the pseudo boffins, the foreign actors and beneficiaries, and yes, the Faragiste groupies, all know the net is closing....6/6 
As a past UNISON sec. I think it is absolutely appalling that any trade union would support #Brexit. All trade unions have a league of good staff that can fact check the information. Do your research. Stop your philosophy and just support working people - that is your job.  
NOBODY is beating down any doors to do a deal with us after #Brexit. Those who've spoken to us have stated they want FOM for their citizens -  INCREASING immigration from non-EU countries. Trade and migration go hand in hand - something Brexiters will have to accept eventually. 
Never seen anything like it a bunch of thugs assault @peoplesvote_uk in #Sunderland bringing shame on a great city and its people and our country. We will not give in to the #Brexit  
No one wants May's Chqrs proposal (or her), but how does a GE solve this? Con win & May sees that as endorsement, Lab win & we've an equally bad situation. It's a stitch up. Brexit should be removed from Parl't's hands, they're failing the UK & prolonging uncertainty. 
Brexit is a mess. Only we can sort it out!#PeoplesVoteMarch @peoplesvote_uk #FBPE 
'Prepared to go to PRISON' #PimlicoPlumbers founder REFUSES to take down anti-#Brexit sign! GOOD.... Prison it is then for this nasty little Worm! maybe some room can be made for the #TRAITOR @theresa_may?  #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @CCHQPress 
Look what Brexit has done to our country.... #March4Sunderland 
Who cares? Any price is worth paying for independence from foreign rule.#Brexit  
With the government at loggerheads and negotiations in chaos the people should have a say in the Brexit deal. That’s why I back a #PeoplesVote in today’s ⁦@yorkshirepost⁩ 
So called media impartiality has led to creationism being taught in US schools, prolonged climate change denial and gave validation to Farage, UKIP and BREXIT. Adding Elizabeth Oakeshott to a Question Time panel does not give ‘balance’ 
Theresa May has been completely dominated by Barnier and the EU in Brexit negotiations. They have outwitted, outmanoeuvred and outsmarted her every step of the way. For this reason, she is not fit to be our PM and does not deserve to be our PM. #MayMustGo #ChuckChequers 
When people say there is not hunger for another referendum, I say my arse. #stillyes #scottishindepence #yes #indyref #indyref2 
Wonder who is really leading on our negotiations with EU ? As David Davis has said recently on his time as Secretary of  State ..The hardest part of the job was that “it’s no secret that most of Whitehall hates Brexit.” #LeavemeansLeave 
LSE BREXIT – Brexit is not inevitable. These are the steps Parliament could take to halt it.Parliament is sovereign. It can require a #PeoplesVote on the final deal with an option to remain on the ballot paper. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
You gotta read this El Presidento regrets he was banned from interfering in the referendum campaign And then has a good whinge about what he gets blamed for   
Despite wet weather Team Tewkesbury handed out over 1,000 BREXIT bags this morning. Queues formed & was difficult to get supplies to stall quick enough to satisfy public demand. Opinion has changed since 2016. Vote for Leave would be far stronger now. #TewkesburybagsBrexit! 
100% waffle.The UK is currently in a state of managed decline due to your #Brexit, costing us 2.5% of GDP and a cost of £500m a week.Brexit options are:#RemainBrexit in name only / EftaStop this stupid exceptionalism. You are damaging the economy. 
Robert Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign - the guardian.          He is making some very good points. #BrexitShambles 
Last week at @ERC_Research panel meeting, with great EU scientists quizzing top EU applicants for ERC grants. Great proposals. UK science risked by Brexit madness, despite huge UK success in ERC (pic)- V. SAD Look at non-UK PI in UK success.  Science is global.@Scientists4EU 
EU citizens make a huge contribution to not only our economy but also our country and communities.EEA migrants contribute more to the Treasury than British-born adults.And they are our neighbours, colleagues & friends.That makes Brexit even more of a travesty. #StopBrexit. 
Continued...In my investing journey, I kept on saving investing incessantly without paying a damn about CHAOS around...Be it financial crisis, be it brexit, be it Demonetization, be it Today.Believe in India story... Keep on investing in all times.Believe me, it helps  
Interview with @ForBritainParty founder, Anne Marie Waters on Islam, the PC brigade, Brexit, her new book & much more  @jackbuckby @Anish_Patel3107 @KTHopkins 
The lying Brexit criminals are now saying that the 30 years of Troubles which cost the lives of 1,441 British servicemen and was ended by the #GFA is “confected”.  These frauds are NOT patriots.  They are Russian funded traitors. 
Ruto: Referendum must help improve lives, not create posts.  
I wrote this play partly to mock Britain's inability to let go of its imperial past. Brexit is turning this into a grotesque tragedy. Here in Brazil we are overshadowed by the possibility of a return to a murderous dictatorship. & like this play I celebrate life & laughter & love  
"We have invested in UK research for more than 80 years. It has provided and environment in which science can thrive. But if the conditions and the culture are damaged, that will affect our support. It is not unconditional." #Brexit #TogetherScienceCan 
Coming soon to Brexit Britain!  
The EU should require the UK to hold a referendum on whether the British people really want this new deal or would prefer to continue as before. Otherwise it’s just a deal with the Tories. 
DP Ruto has okayed the call for referendum . Raila Odinga right now be like"aaaaaaaai nitaambia nini watu aiiiiii!!!!" 
I once accidentally won a referendum.  
Press conference for a pan european initiative for all Europeans citizens against Brexit !  
Theresa May knows that one of the key objectives of American trade negotiators in a trade deal post-Brexit is to secure access for American private health companies to swallow up the NHS. It’s no secret. Acquiescence with Brexit just isn’t an option. For the sake of our health. 
Robert Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign No doubt this will be ignored by the Beeb. 
How the Electoral Commission turned blind eye to DUP's shady Brexit cash | openDemocracy  
Democracy is not just about votes, as Brexiters pretend. It is also about the right to oppose, which Brexiters usually deny, and the need for the electorate to be well-informed, which Brexiters don't want because they know it will lead to a Remain majority.#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
I can’t wait in a few years to read a really good book looking back on Brexit Derangement Syndrome and all the previously smart people whose brains it just fried 
Even if Theresa May fails to strike a Brexit deal, I think she'll survive. My Sunday article for @IndyVoices 
1. Most working class people in work (as opposed to retired) voted to remain. 2. It’ll be working class people who will  be hurt the most if we go ahead with a damaging job-destroying Brexit 
Love the New Yorker but respectfully disagree. A referendum is a vote of the people and the people would have voted Kavanaugh down. And  is millions strong worldwide and just getting started. This is one loss in a huge movement of sweeping, unstoppable change. 
Jeremy Corbyn could be in Downing Street in weeks!Peter Oborne in the Daily Mail claims inside knowledge that Theresa May will call a GE if defeated on Brexit vote  
Charles Moore as always gets it absolutely right on Northern Ireland and Brexit ⁦@RobbieGibb⁩ ⁦@NigelDoddsDUP⁩ ⁦⁦@DUPleader⁩ ⁦@frankfieldteam⁩ 
And those 'Blairite stains', for the record, have been leading the opposition to May's Brexit while Corbyn did nothing. 
"The Brexit Saga is madder than a box of hallucinating frogs." My column on the persistent failure to resolve uncertainty over Brexit, and why that matters in and of itself.  
#Poll Corbyn vs ChequersIt seems Mrs May would rather force through Chequers than accept Canada+++. An election may be the the only way to stop Chequers but would risk a Corbyn government and no Brexit. Would you rather have a Chequers Brexit or an election?Vote & RETWEET 
Irish Unity is a centerpiece of my campaign. Brexit has changed everything & all of us in every part of this country unionists included, need to have a discussion about the future.Let there be no doubt, a United Ireland is coming. We need to plan/shape that New Ireland together  
@RailaOdinga said REFERENDUM is a must. "Mwenye hataki akae kando"... Yes now everyone is singing the chorus. Good progress. 
Remember people, if you still think Brexit is brilliant you are on the same side as the lizard wrangler here. That should tell you everything you need to know 
SNP could back second Brexit referendum tied to independence vote  
Check out my Sheet Pan Chicken with Veggies! The secret ingredient is @ICBInotbutter because it has 70% less saturated fat than butter, but it still tastes so good! No need to stress about extra calories! #sponsored #SpreadNoDrama  
Stars line up to pay for coach travel to Brexit 'people's vote' march  
@guyverhofstadt hi there, we're doing this thing for the London anti brexit march called #MarchForMe where those that are marching will wear the name of those that can not be there. It's about unity & solidarity, whether you're British or from elsewhere. Your support most welcome 
Never forget ...Before the referendum, a majority in the UK wanted a new relationship with the EU which was impossible to deliver. Because you CANNOT remain in the single market whilst limiting freedom of movement.Now that we all know that, it's time to vote again.#PeoplesVote 
>One huge prediction by 'experts' following Brexit vote was the GB Pound would collapse. This morning it is 1.31 against the USD  
Chequers prevents any movement on free ports in the North. An estimate by the consulting firm Mace suggests that ‘supercharged’ Free Ports could create up to 150,000 new high-quality jobs and bring £9bn a year to the Northern economy. #northernpowerhouse #brexit 
I am weighing my views & options in the Hon Raila inspired referendum. But i think it will be a very popular idea to abolish the Supreme and have a constitutional court instead. The Supreme Court has dismally failed to realise the visions and dreams that informed its formation. 
Desr Kenyans, In 2007, @RailaOdinga wanted to change the constitution but would not say which specific bits and to what. From 2014 - 2016, his coalition, CORD, pushed for a referendum without articulating what needed changing. In 2018 he's again on a similarly vague crusade. 
In a word; DP Ruto is saying he fears his low numbers would have been exposed by the referendum a la 2010.  
DP Ruto changes his stand on proposed referendum, supports it, says it should ease economic burden on Kenyans @StandardKenya #GetTheWholeStory 
If Brexit dosen't happen I PREDICT A RIOT. Or am i just being PARANOID. We should leave like a BAT OUT OF HELL, and RUN TO THE HILLS. We need to be strong and find an IRON MAN who will dominate with an IRON FIST. Failing that let's jump on the CRAZY TRAIN over to EUROPE and leave 
The Government’s plan for #Brexit will make it harder to bring international drug gangs to justice. By losing the European Arrest Warrant and information sharing arrangements, these criminals will be much harder to catch. #ExitFromBrexit 
The Government is failing in its Brexit negotiations - and time is running out. No deal or a bad deal would cause huge harm to London and the UK, as @CBItweets explains. The British public should have the final say on Brexit - with the option to stay in the EU.  
They who sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind. The lies, hate, chicanery, law-breaking, foreign interference, and rabid intolerance of the Brexiters have bred a huge grassroots movement determined to sweep away the politically corrupt #Brexit elite. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I spoke to @KingstonGRadio about why I left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems. #Brexit #Tories #LibDemsRT if you agree.@Femi_Sorry @PimlicoPlumbers @catherinemep @ThatTimWalker @acgrayling @mrjamesob @ShelaghFogarty @MaajidNawaz @HenryRiley1 @IanDunt @DeborahMeaden 
John McDonnell: “The greater the mess we inherit, the more radical we have to be, the greater the need for change.”A lobbyist remarked that #labour’s  rhetoric has become strikingly similar to that of the Leave campaign during the 2016 EU referendum. 
Scotland looked certain to play a pivotal role in how Brexit would play out, but has since been sidelined. Could the country spring one last surprise?  
You cannot stop #PunguzaMizigo referendum push. Kenyans are angry and are ENDORSING it in thousands .We THANK you all. Very impressive progress so far with over half a million signatures received .Some good news coming .Keep endorsing at  . 
Ruto says he'll support referendum to ease Kenyans burden  via @NancyAgutu 
Conservatives are now party of 'far-right ideology and intolerance' says leader of Tory MEPs under David Cameron #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
We still love the EU, we demand a #PeoplesVote and must remember this is a Peace Project which Brexit threatens to jeopardise, allowing hate and division to reappear, warns @MollyMEP to a rally at #GPConf 
An excellent interview with @simoncoveney in which he sets out v. clearly Ireland’s position on #brexit & need to preserve the open border in Ireland. He makes plain that EU does not envisage a border in the Irish Sea but low-key checks to ensure integrity of EU single market.  
After spending twice the budget of holding a referendum in Kenya to warn Kenyans that the country doesn't have  funds to hold a referendum, DP Ruto now supports the referendum. Si hiyo ni Krimino? Hiyo ni Krimino! 
.@Andrew_Adonis responds to John McDonnell's suggestion that holding a second referendum, with the option to remain, would spur the far-right  
4/4 The integrity of the EU and their respect for the rule of law is far higher than integrity in UK.We have been led up the garden path by a pack of liars and the world is ready to make us pay.We MUST stop Brexit through a free and FAIR referendum on the final deal. 
3/ The EU economy last year was €15.3 trillion.   If they are forced by the UK to lose a few billion as a result of Brexit then that's what they will do.  Not out of choice or to punish the UK for leaving but as a result of international law. 
Before the referendum, I said to @DavidDavisMP that, if we won, we needed to move hard and fast, because “these people” (he knew whom I meant) weren’t used to losing and wouldn’t accept they’d lost because of a mere referendum. Turns out they’re now on the verge of winning. 
Keith, I hear stories like this EVERY day. I can tell you that there are very few businesses that will have little impact from Brexit, and none that will have a positive impact. 
Dear Kenyans,As you debate holding a constitutional referendum to cut the cost of government, you should keep in mind that the 2010 plebiscite cost Sh3.6b which is enough to pay the salaries of 81 MPs and senators for a full 5 year term. 
Like the UK the ROI is in the EU so even though currencies are different there are no tariffs etc - same as cross English Channel. A British Border in the island of Ireland post Brexit will be a return to the status quo bfore the GFI. Stick to stealing lead off school roofs. 
About the Referendum1. DP Ruto tells those pushing for a referendum to set the date and the question. Enough Politics lets finish this.2. There are two campsa. Punda amechoka punguza mzingob. Punda hajachoka ongeza mzingo. 
Cataclysm of Brexit 'could lead to Welsh independence'  If you're worried about the impact that Brexit could have then help us to get a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal:  
If so, then the battle for Brexit starts all over again.  
But...but...you actually voted with them to allow Westminster to withdraw 24 powers from the Senedd!! To help facilitate Brexit? Which Carwyn has described as a disaster for Cymru!! Your duplicity is breathtaking!  
Now that DP Ruto has accepted the referendum agenda, what else will Hassan Joho tell people. 
What is priceless about this “secret bid” to get Labour to back May’s Brexit plan is that it is prompting fury and despair among both Labour MPs and Tory Brexiters. So an @theresa_may meaningful-vote victory becomes less likely. Conspiracy or cock-up? pic.twitter.com/c6NDhIqK6Q 
Ex-Lib leader urges #Wentworth protest vote#JohnHewson says #WentworthVotes should be a referendum on #climatechange.So Don't Vote #Liberal or #Phelps as she is giving her preferences to Libs@Drharro #Auspol #LNP #NSWpol @banas51 @Nobby15 @randlight 
William Ruto supports fight against corruption William Ruto supports lifestyle audit William Ruto supports Mau Forest conservation William Ruto supports Referendum Hii karata ya pata potea hatutafanya... @ItsBravin @Sam_Lulli @Asamoh_ @TheParrotKE @solo_ambuku 
Good to see broad range of Northern Ireland leaders making views heard in Brexit talks. Very important since DUP has a stranglehold over Mrs May & distorts & misrepresents views of Northern Ireland  
Just when I thought I had seen it all, William Samoei Ruto now Supports the Referendum. Waangwana, be prepared for the drama. Hapa kuna CHECKMATE na baba anaenda kuona siku mrefu.  
The Kavanaugh nomination is a referendum on the  movement—on whether the goodness of successful men should be taken for granted, and whether the women who have suffered abuse should remain silent lest they sully sterling reputations.  
I don't want to be having this debate in my old age. I want the country to finally come together. There's a very strong anti-establishment vibe in the country. It led to Brexit.If it's perceived that the establishment stopped Brexit, this debate will never die. 
Exposing Leave’s lies is the way to stop Brexit  
If you ever want a glimpse of the path not taken: the serious, competent and electorally viable candidate for Labour - the one you pie-eyed idiots rejected - is using his razor-sharp political nous to talk up a march of 5,000 dogs on parliament, in a bid to block Brexit  
Brexit is the beginning of a bigger breach: the destruction of European peaceful democracies and a take over bid by Trump’s USA in connivance with Russia. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
If we reject the deal in the #PeoplesVote, the strongest argument you could make in favour of Brexit is: People want to leave, but don't approve of any of the available methods of doing so.So by all means, come up with a method people can get behind and we'll talk. Until then...  
Ireland’s Deputy PM outlines Irish Brexit concerns in a calm & compelling manner in contrast to the hot air evident elsewhere. Must Listen  
Don’t believe a word they are saying. Brexit will affect every single one of us. Not for the better but for the worse. They misled you. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Sadly, every claim in this tweet is true, even the ones from Corbyn critics. Neither the Tories nor the Labour leadership are looking towards the future. They all support Brexit. They all support making us weaker for the challenges of globalisation that lie ahead.  
DP WILLIAM RUTO now backs constitutional reforms through referendum to help improve Kenyans’ lives, not create post for ODM leader Raila Odinga.  
“All hail a Philip Hammond Brexit, one that misses the key opportunity for global trade that Brexit offers. Chequers-, instead of Boris’ Canada+++May is making the entire UK the sacrifice, pretending that Ulster is the reason”#StandUp4Brexit 
@mrjamesob Submission by Sealane Freight Ltd to the Transport Committee on #Brexit - even if we are in a Customs Union, like Turkey, there'd be chaos and huge queues. Also doesn't cover services - 80% of our economy!  
DP @WilliamsRuto changes his stand on proposed referendum, supports it, says it should ease economic burden on Kenyans. 
Robert Peston: BBC not impartial during EU referendum campaign  
Slightly preposterous that, with everything going on, Brexit is not on the Cabinet agenda for next week  
Here are some of the doggy pee stations for the #wooferendum march route for this Sunday 7th October. News is leaking! #StopBrexit #smalldogs #brexit #PeoplesVote 
Well, I’m sitting in the luggage rack of an overcrowded train, heading for Edinburgh for the March for Acottish Independence, wearing my Estelada from #Catalonia and a t-shirt from the #Catalan referendum campaign. A beautiful day glow yellow colour. Photos later!  
It is our #Democratic right and duty to oppose #Brexit  
It looks like that there will be a technical note for no deal Brexit on #citizensrights of the 3.6m EU citizens in the UK after all. Despite @DominicRaab telling us there won't at the Conservative Party only last week. Changed his mind? 
These two pro-#Brexit accounts are making out that people in #Cornwall are stupid.Why? Because these Brexiters are worried to see how many here have realised that they were lied to in 2016.Changing your mind on the basis of evidence is very far from stupid.#PeoplesVote 
DP @WilliamsRuto wants question, date for referendum set; says it should ease burden for Kenyans and those who lose must accept.  
In the @YouGov poll this week, 83% of #Labour voters said #Brexit is a mistake.No Prime Minister, we are not coming to save you and your failed project.A #PeoplesVote is the only way to save the country. 
Today they say I am:• A problem made up by the EU to keep the U.K. in the EU• A problem made up by the U.K. government to keep the U.K. in the EU• Solved via the sea• Not solved via the seaBut I actually am:• Not a problem because you’re the f***ing problem, Brexit 
Lies, damned lies and #Brexit Virtually no cross @BorderIrish trade” #posttruth 
Meanwhile, Britain's debate remains utterly insular, with pro-Remain/2nd referendum campaigns conveniently ignoring the wider EU landscape which, to be blunt, looks distinctly uninviting for voters who are wavering over Brexit. 'Sure this route is risky but geez look at that one' 
“Country before Party” now says PM!  From Cameron’s Referendum to May’s Chequers it’s *all* been about Tory divisions.It is not the “national interest” to sign up to a plan to make Britain poorer and weaker just to stop the Tories imploding.Put the result to the people.  
There is a rise of a new Britishisation, a hard Brexit which looks to deliberately undermine the integrity of Wales as a country in its own right. But our future is ours to claim - all of in Wales. Ni fydd penseiri #CymruNewydd er mwyn ein plant a plant ein plant. @RhunapIorwerth 
There WILL be trouble ahead!Tim Aker MEP: EU used Northern Ireland to stoke up trouble to derail #Brexit#EU will make any issue difficult in order to stop us Leaving so it can keep OUR money!'Northern Ireland border is yet another tool to beat UK with' 
How Brexit has turned London’s once-allied financial factions against each other  
Leavers were concerned about a democratic deficit in the EU, driven by a sense that EU institutions were neither sufficiently transparent nor democratically accountable. We've heard a lot about the domestic risk of Brexit but little about how these features remain clearly visible 
And as soon as her backbenchers figure that one out - and even my goldfish has died of boredom waiting for that penny to drop - they're going to ditch Brexit and her like a hot turd. 
Trevor Kavanagh @BBCr4today:"A 2nd Ref wld be an abomination, a democratic abomination"ME: Former Sun political ed.Guess it's 2B expected but really? A #PeoplesVote allowing ALL voters a #FinalSay when for the 1st time they see the #Brexit future, is a ABOMINATION. Democracy?  
Morning Femi. I would of course vote remain in a second referendum but it has crossed my mind that if the House of Commons grew a pair and explained to the British people that they were withdrawing article 50 because nobody realised what a shit storm brexit is.......job done. 
Brian Cox: SNP shd lead on a people's vote and against any botched May brexit deal   
Arron bang on here. As a rather senior  Tory insider said to me only yesterday:"The Irish backstop is not a cock-up, it is a deliberate conspiracy against proper Brexit."  
In this week’s episode of Screwing The Country For My Pals, Nigel remembers the time he laughed at the money his friends had already made from Brexit while the damage to ordinary people becomes clear.  
First chat of the day in Sunderland. Spotted a young guy in a tracksuit and hoody. Tried to talk to him about Brexit. He said he gets too worked up about it to have a conversation and started walking away. So I assumed he was pro-Brexit. He'd assumed the same of me. Both wrong. 
Right from the start Theresa May had the chance to win support from many Labour MPs for a soft Brexit. But her addiction to appearing tough scuppered it.Now she’s grovelling for help to get her dogs-dinner of a plan through. She won’t get it and doesn’t deserve it  
NB NB Senior Tories lied in referendum campaign says Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston: “@prospect_uk Wollaston initially backed Leave, switched to Remain, now campaigns for a 2nd referendum. In an interview she says senior Brexiters told her they knew the £350m claim was false.” 
In the UK same sex marriage was not in any party's manifesto,There was no referendum on the issue,as there was in Ireland,Oz etcThe politicians just did it.Isn't democracy wonderful?  
I outlined to @Channel4 why Northern Ireland is different, fragile and needs protecting through #Brexit.   via @YouTube 
If his business suffers it won't be because of Brexit, it will be because he's an insufferable berk. 
Proud to have joined 163 other LGBTI activists in calling for a People’s Vote. The loudest voices for a Hard Brexit are those with the worst records of opposing our rights #PeoplesVote 
'Brexit will allow us to trade with the rest of the world'....Hmmm, so exports to the EU count for approx 45% of our trade, which leaves 55%. Where do you think that 55% goes, if not the REST OF THE WORLD you utter morons? Give me fucking strength..... #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Firstly, the term 'fifth freedom' is a misnomer.‘In reality what it means is that the EU has grabbed another aspect of the lives of EU citizens and brought it under central control. Rather than being a freedom, this is in fact another straitjacket’......, read on....#Brexit  
2/2. Three years on, buffeted by the Brexit storm, another phenomenon has emerged that perhaps holds a key to understanding the current psyche of our peculiar island nation: the #Wooferendum campaign.Tmw, organisers claim 5,000 dogs will march in London. 
The surprise Biafrans need from you is to speak out against injustice on Indigenous people of Biafra who are facing torture, Killing, destroying of our properties in Nigeria, don’t keep silent #StopBiafraKillings #Support #Biafra #Referendum  
We are concerned that #Romania is holding a referendum this weekend on the definition of family. This could make same-sex marriage unconstitutional.In the 21st century, all love should be equal and diverse family groups should be loved and recognised. 
I heard someone compare brexit to the Concorde, because:  - It’s hugely expensive & wasteful.  - It’s very loud & gets lots of attention.  - Experts warn against it, but politicians feel they have to stick with it.  - It only serves the rich.  - It will end in disaster.  
I see @PimlicoPlumbers are being ordered by @labour @lambeth_council to remove sign #bollockstoBrexit. Labour puritanism? Soft on Brexit? or just a habit of bullying? #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVote 
The one clever thing Cameron did was to ban Juncker from campaigning for Remain. (Had he campaigned, Brexit would have won 80% of the vote.) If only Cameron had also silenced himself, Obama, Lagarde, Schauble, Carney, Osborne etc., Brexit would have lost!  
Are we any closer to knowing where Corbyn stands on Brexit? Or what kind of deal Theresa May is trying to achieve with the EU?Find out here >  
Tory MEPs supported Orban & those who didn’t have been expelled from the party. The moral disintegration of the Conservative party in face of Brexit  
Dear Kenyans,I hear you are debating whether or not to have a referendum on amending the constitution. What exactly do you want to change? Mara it is to reduce the number of counties, mara it is to adopt a parliamentary system, mara it is to scrap the Woman Rep position, mara... 
Now we learn that the sugar lobby is a massive driver of Brexit and maybe we now know why David Davis only went to two meetings and was just so casual about the Brexit talks. 
Stars line up to pay coach travel to Brexit 'people's vote' march  
#Referendum So it's about them and not Kenyans. Shame!  
How low can you to? The government of #Spain @marianorajoy tried to destabilize #Catalonia's economy after #1oct #1O referendum by withdrawing billions from the area. Shameful.  
Please join the campaign for a @peoplesvote_uk @NicolaSturgeon The SNP’s weight to this campaign would be an enormous boost.  You were one of the first to speak out against Brexit in June 2016, and we need your support now.  
Take back control!Of railways!  Oh, there's a tunnel. Maybe not?#Brexit 
.  @theresa_may a weak willed Remoaner, who picked Remoaner @OllyRobbins to negotiate 4 UK! Ignored Canada+++ so could push #Chequers plan, ties UK to EU FOREVER.  @DailyExpress must be arch traitors to tell us to get behind this quisling!  @borisjohnson #borisjohnson #Brexit  
Young Conservatives will make us even prouder than Danny Boyle did in 2012 by doing the Festival of Brexit opening ceremony on the theme of F*ck The NHS and Enoch Was Right....a column  
Of course the #Government can reach some kind of a #Brexit deal with the EU within weeks. BUT- it won’t be a good one for Britain - it won’t get public support - it won’t get through UK Parliament  
This rightly highlights ⁦@TomTugendhat⁩ as one of the most serious and interesting foreign policy thinkers in Parl’t. Fully agree with him on need for Foreign Office to have the authority and resources to deliver an ambitious post-Brexit int policy  
Systematic anti-Brexit bias. Is this ok @BBCNews ? 
Here’s Professor Dougan explaining to MPs - a week *after* the referendum result - the benefits of the Single Market and how no other type of trade deal comes even close. The fact that MPs weren’t aware of the consequences of leaving SM speaks volumes. pic.twitter.com/w3cVC9Zykf 
#Brexit = tearing up perfectly good trade deals with both the EU and the entire rest of the developed world, in order to replace them with inferior deals. Why would any country want to harm its own manufacturers and consumers? I can't fathom it out. 
#Brexit: By refusing to confront its complex and difficult history, Britain is turning its back on decades of shared progress, to the dismay of its friends. Britannia is adrift on the waves, and only by facing its past can it reclaim its future  
The Kavanaugh nomination is a referendum on the  movement—on whether the goodness of successful men should be taken for granted, and whether the women who have suffered abuse should remain silent lest they sully sterling reputations.  
Memo to Brussels: Great that you’re drafting a new free trade deal for Brexit. But not if your “level playing field” means imposing EU rules on the UK. That’s not free trade: that’s vassalage. 
Post Brexit the UK will be the first nation on earth to ever deliberately try to negotiate worse trade conditions with its customer countries than it had previously.  Think about that.  It's never happened before. 
This “every country in the EU is doing much better than the UK” narrative is dangerously wrong. A mutually beneficial Brexit deal will help to keep fragile Eurozone economies growing and, by extension, protect our major export markets. Win-win.  
Since I tweeted about sugar and Belize yesterday. I've had a fair few people ask about it and Brexit. So I'm sharing this again.  
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says developments in the past few days have made a Brexit deal more likely  
I’ve noticed the only people left defending Brexit are either trolls/bots or really thick / small minded & just don’t understand the complexities.All the “moderate” leavers I know IRL who used to regularly challenge me on FB have gone completely silent now reality is dawning  
Brexit crashes car sales to 2008 financial crisis levels. We need a #PeoplesVote on EU Deal or stay in the EU. 
We’re taking more coaches than ever before to the #PeoplesVote march in London on 20 October. #Yorkshire is determined to show that we oppose #Brexit as strongly as any other part of the UK. Be proud, be strong, join us & add your voice. Tickets here: 
Don´t forget!Sunday 7 Oct, meeting at 12pm at Waterloo Place - Dogs marching against Brexit.Thousands will march through central London to Parliament Square@wooferendum #Wooferendum Please spread the word.For more info:  
Irish border issue? They already use different currencies , have different duties , tax rates and other differences. Virtually no cross border trade. This is an issue confected by government to ensure we don’t get a proper Brexit and stay totally alligned to EU rules  
Two weeks from today, we will be marching to let @theresa_may know that the people should have the #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal. Join us October 20th to let the nation have a chance to #ExitFromBrexit . 
Brian Cox: Botched Brexit might help Indyref cause but will leave Scotland poor  
Old news but worth remembering the real reason uber-capitalists like James Dyson want #Brexit: to stop paying tax and to exploit workers more easily.#BoycottDyson (they're shit, anyway)  
MAJOR BREAKING: Spain withdraw 35 billion euros of public money from two of Catalonia's largest banks to force them to move their headquarters out of Catalonia following last year's independence referendum. 
Rebuttal alert ⁦@guardian⁩ - my home town Keighley not Burnley. Happy to fund one from there too if Keighley folk want one. let the People’s Vote team know. Stars  line up to pay coach travel to Brexit 'people's vote' march | Politics | The Guardian  
Dear @LenMcCluskey - I think you and all the UK Union Chiefs need to pay a visit to the WTO and ask them to explain to you the true damage that Brexit will cause Britain. They are impartial and totally professional, and you will all see that Brexit MUST be stopped 
A million!!! You joking?? Gonna be big but not that big ..... Stars line up to pay coach travel to Brexit 'people's vote' march | Politics | The Guardian  
So the EU plans to offer us a super free trade deal. We need to watch out, or “Canada Plus” will end up as “Canada plus massive EU regulation” or “Canada plus the acquis communautaire”. That’s not Brexit. It has to be mutual recognition or nothing. 
Still no mass "Bregret""In hindsight, do you think Britain was right or wrong to vote to leave EU?"Right 42% (-)Wrong 46% (-1)Remainers 90% "wrong"/Leavers 84% "right"Labour 83% "wrong"/Tories 70% "right"18-24 57% "wrong"/pensioners 64% "right"YouGov Oct 3-4 #Brexit 
Our rights & freedoms are being stripped away by #Brexit.We can’t let this happenYOU have the power to STOP this#WriteToYourMP demand a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain.Stay vocal, spread the word, PUSH for this before we’re pushed into #Brexit #TakeAction 
#Brexit not looking good for #farmers  : 
From Aug. 10, 2017 to Jan. 2018, Mr. HandChequer took hundreds of thousands of unarmed Kenyan civilians in protests, chanting, "@WChebukati and @ezraCHILOBA must go!" He said these 2 had stolen elections for @UKenyatta. Now @RailaOdinga says Chebukati must hold the referendum. 
Brexit is the worst virus that has been inflicted on public health in generations. When this is all over, there'll be a new category of stress disorder - PBSD  
Kajagoogoo is getting a little shirty over his anti-Brexit sign.I'd be very interested to hear HOW his business is being destroyed by #Brexit.  It's time some meat was put on the bones of the bollox he spouts. 
The sell-out Express claims the Tory rank-and-file are supporting May's #Brexit betrayal [yet the vast majority of ConHome members oppose it)The Express implies that public support the #ChequersPlan - when in fact only 9% of the public support it 
EU negotiators to offer every Brit the chance to remain an EU citizen after Brexit  #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #dup #sinnfein #itvnews #bbcnews #BBCBreakfast #gmb #marr  #pmqs 
The corruption in the UK Government exposed by Brexit is clearly rife and deeply embedded. I propose with immediate effect ALL MPs assets are frozen & pay stopped until a full independent inquiry is held. They should be permitted to to claim Universal Credit until proven innocent 
Michael Heseltine, Delia Smith, Olly Alexander, Ian McEwen, Natascha McElhone, Patrick Stewart Brexit, Anna Soubry, Philip Lee, Eddie Izzard, David Miliband, Peter Mandelson, Patrick Kielty and more paying for coaches to take people to people's vote' march  
Whilst in the end Totnes MP @sarahwollaston voted remain, for a time prior to June 2016 she backed #brexit.This is a good article on why she changed her mind & arguments that can be used in ensuring leave voters can be encouraged to be a #remainernow 
I’m wondering if today will be the day them mad fbpe loons will stop trying to blame the Tory brexit on Jeremy Corbyn. Could be an interesting day. 
Theresa May: “If we all go off in different directions, we risk ending up with no Brexit at all”. But Theresa, Chequers IS “no Brexit at all”. 
I’d be happy to “let Theresa get on with Brexit”, but that’s not what she’s up to. She is betraying Brexit. And Britain.  
Some wise words from both @LesleyRiddoch & @KennyMacAskill on #bbcgms on #Brexit #indyref2 the importance of building the case for #Indy & support for a #PeoplesVote because it’s in Scotland’s interests for England to stay in #EU 
Come the crunch expect many arch-remainers to demand Labour votes for May’s Brexit. No, really.  
Liam Fox: “Not to deliver Brexit is the greatest risk we could run”.  So how, Liam, can you support Chequers, which clearly DOES NOT deliver Brexit? 
The EU are demanding the N. Ireland backstop for 2 reasons1) To keep the UK in the EU's customs union permanently, and 2) To prevent the UK gaining the unfair competitive edgeIf May agrees to an indefinite backstop, that would be the end of #Brexit 
Brexit Has Brought Britain to a Standstill - Bloomberg: The other Brexit cost, a failure to tackle some of the underlying problems of austerity and unfairness which Brexiters cynically used to blame the EU for. Problems which are entirely home grown.  
Morning Brits! Just in case nobody has told you today, you’re all amazing! Have a great day! #British #Brexit #GreatBritain  
My new hero. Time for a 70’s style poster campaign? Millionaire refuses to take down 'Bollocks to Brexit' poster | Politics | The Guardian  
Yesterday I placed a fair few  bollocks to Brexit stickers on landing cards coming into heathrow and Left em on the table . And a few at passport control .. #BollockstoBrexit 
Perhaps if Brexiter politicians felt their livelihoods were at risk from Brexit, they wouldn’t be approaching it with such zeal. But when the main advocates of Brexit are multi-millionaires, they can afford for everything to go wrong. Millions of other people aren’t so lucky. 
Completely deluded for Tory whips to think any self-respecting @UKLabour MP will vote to destroy the jobs & livelihoods of their constituents by backing a blind, botched or no deal #Brexit  
Britain’s Brexit fixation brings other government work to a halt  
As an Ipswich Town fan thanking #DeliaSmith does not come easy to me. However, thank you sincerely to her and all the others doing this #PeoplesVoteCelebrities agree to pay for people to travel to major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum  
How a Journalist Kept Russia’s Secret Links to Brexit Under Wraps  
No10 is running a secret operation to persuade dozens of Labour MPs to back ChequersThe move is a last ditched attempt to save May’s plan, which delivers Brexit in name only, given that 34 Conservative MPs have pledged to vote against it#StandUp4Brexit 
It’s been a long time coming but up and down the country more and more people are realising Brexit was a con-trick and it’s not too late to change our mind.  
Yeah, Brexit is hilarious. Nothing makes me laugh more than screwing our economy, taking away people’s rights, making millions feel unwelcome in our country, stockpiling food and medicine, isolating us from our closest allies, turning our nation into a laughing stock etc.   
New polling from Opinium finds 47% of LAB Remain voters saying they would switch parties if they thought it would stop Brexit 
It’s like the bloody Brexiters. ‘Back Brexit or the country will fall apart’. ‘Another vote and there will be violence on the streets’. Newsflash: the damage has already been done. The rifts are there. There’s no coming together. 
so much for leavers spouting " aircraft will still fly even after brexit no deal" ...... seems not .. SEEMS LIKE THEY BOUGHT IN TO THE BRECTUMS LIES AGAIN  
If WTO rules were the best, why would anyone bother with free trade deals?If free trade was enough, why would countries bother working together to keep product laws similar?If that was enough, why'd we bother creating the EU Single Market?Brexit is a step down. You know this! 
May's Brexit is an orchestrated deception by her & her entire government, what's more, the UK public has been fooled by her & EU propaganda with fake negotiations row's & he said she said. It's all a play for time & confusion to stay bonded with each other. 
Celebrities agree to pay for people to travel to major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum - The Independent  
An LBC listener texted in saying he was "glad" James O'Brien was getting so wound up over Brexit. This is what happened when James called him back. 
Stars line up to pay coach travel to Brexit 'people's vote' march  
i.e. May inches towards staying in the EU’s customs union by delivering Brexit in name only with the support of Labour MPs who backed Remain.  
Migration from outside the EU was greater than ever known in Britain under Labour and Tories. This was not the EU and will not change after the Brexit unless politicians change it and defy globalism. Do you think they will?  Stop them, vote #ForBritain 
#Spain withdrew billions of euros from Catalan banks after referendum, blackmailing them to move their headquarters out of #Catalonia. 
A no-deal Brexit could mean $12 billion in food and drink tariffs for Britain, raising supermarket prices, study says  
"Would You Trust This Man with Britain's Youth?" - New EU law on Thursday, once again unreported by BBC.  A must-read article from the #Brexit Facts4EU team:  
Brexit: Jean-Claude Juncker says chance of deal has increased  
For 2 yrs PM has been lying though her teeth to us,& she is still lying.Just as the then Tory PM Ted Heath lied to us when he took us into the EEC in 1973, without a referendum.#ChequersBetrayal means that we would be in a WORSE state than we are now. 
Romania votes in a referendum to narrow the definition of marriage which the ruling Social Democrats hope will re-energise flagging grassroots support among the country's overwhelmingly Orthodox population  
Labour are still behind in the polls. Apparently crappy authoritarian Government, austerity, neo fascism, intolerance and inequality are all insufficient reasons to vote Labour Suggestions on what they need.Alien Invasion?Pigs Flying?Stop betraying the youth on brexit? 
Anna, We are a small business  who sell luxury  cosmetics. Due to brexit we are moving  to  the continent ,70% of our sales  are to the EU. Took years to establish  our customer  base. We won't be looking  for new customers  in  Africa  or  S. America as suggested by  brexiters. 
Tucked away in the Business section. It’s shameful that when business speaks truth to #Brexit power it doesn’t make the front page “Boxmaker shelves £50m plant over Brexit” #BrexitReality #brave @peoplesvote_uk 
November date set for Brexit court case  
#Brexit explained.  
This is true. I remember @AJWVictoriaBC proposing this idea at a scrum in the Legislature Rose Garden last summer! Imposition and not a vote or referendum. #bcpoli 
Moses Kuria backs Raila's call for referendum, wants it in 2022  
Labour digs a grave by electing Corbyn as leader.Jump into the coffin by voting for article50. Lower themselves into the grave by continuing to support Brexit. Them ask the Tories to fill in the grave and bury them. 
Conservative Eurosceptics give Theresa May ‘Canada or quit’ ultimatum if her Brexit plans fail - The Independent  
The EU is drafting tough contingency plans for a no-deal Brexit that could force flight cancellations and leave exporters facing massive disruption  
Friends shunned, lovers torn apart and emotions exploding: a new play running in London this month tackles the very personal divisions in British society caused by Brexit  
The mad Erdogan has promised to hold a referendum so that Turks can vote on joining the EU. Supposing they vote yes? That would really frighten the French and Germans. And the rest. Turkey would  soon become the EU’s largest state and Turks would get the right of free movement. 
Post-midterms Trump plus Brexit. 2019 will be a hell of a year. 
I had not thought of that for the Political Declaration. Allows for substance, but still allows muddying by UKGov on the likelihood of getting agreement in its favour.Not a blind, but a one-eye-covered Brexit. Objects are in view, but no sense of how close or far away they are.  
'Remainers' are always on about money when it comes to #Brexit. How about sovereignty? I want the right to eat Pie & Mash when I want, even at breakfast. To keep our buses red & taxis black. To insult the French & Germans when I want without the EU interfering. Vive la Brexit!  
I've added 2 local elections I'd written about but forgot till now to my Nov. cheatsheet:—Morgan Co., AL: referendum to bar sheriff from pocketing food funds—Rowan Co., KY: Kim Davis (of anti-SSM fame) seeks reelection (h/t @fishercutbait for reminder) 
Ok. Did we succeed on @BBCFrontRow Late in talking about Brexit things without just shouting. I hope so. Tell us! 
16. Many of us have been complaining about the lack of a “nationalization” of the Republican campaign this election cycle – expect for @POTUS overtly making it a referendum on the #MAGA agenda. A final push that ties all these topics together would be devastating to Dem hopes! 
"When we the Australian people are loud enough. We will rouse the politicians and end their comfortable status quo." @tommayor11 on the fight for a referendum on an Indigenous Voice to Parliament.  
#Chile | October 5th marks the 30th anniversary of the victory of the 'NO VOTE' in a referendum that paved the way for the transition to a democratic government after 17 years of repressive military rule. #30AñosdelNO #5Octubre#5deoctubre30años 
Typical remainers cant believe any vote unless it goes the way they want. Get over it, you win some you lose some. People votes for a brexit and it should be respected. 
Hurrah for #Brexit! “It has everything to do with our business,” says @PimlicoPlumbers. “If there is Brexit, we won’t have a business.” Which can only mean one thing: Brexit means our loos will never block again and our sinks will always flow smoothly. How utterly marvellous!  
Government now need to be asked when will we have a referendum on housing. The Dáil overwhelming voted. We need to talk about #HousingRef18Please RT 
Brexiters lied to manufacturing workers.They were told their jobs were safe and there would be more money for public services.It was a lie.Brexit will hit manufacturing jobs and hit public services.Write to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Foreigners, @Gatwick_Airport 'welcomes' you to #brexit Britain, where xenophobia and poor grammar walk hand in hand. #StopBrexit, #StopBrexitSaveDecency. Via @CaptainSKA 
Respect. I know where to come for my plumbing needs. By the way, change your company name to Pimlico Plumbers Bollocks to Brexit Ltd. and they can’t do anything! Happy to supply more flags/ stickers free of charge! 
The calibre of pro #Brexit trolls is really sub optimal. Very weak, easy to spot, no sport at all.They are struggling to believe their own make-believe drivel.We are winning.Night night  
Germany, Britain sign defence cooperation agreement amid Brexit talks. Another name for The EU Army.   
Celebrities agree to pay for people to travel to major demonstration calling for fresh Brexit referendum  
Whatever groans, moans, growls, howls we are compelled to commit to twitter can we please not lose track of the core fact:There is no form of #Brexit that can make Britain better than staying in the EU.A #PeoplesVote is imperative to #StopBrexit For the sake of our country. 
The Spanish state withdrew billions of euros from Catalan banks after the October 1 referendum.  The purpose of this operation was to force Caixa Banc and Banc de Sabadell to relocate their headquarters outside Catalonia.  
Spain withdrew billions of euros from Catalan banks after referendum  
On June 26 BBC Spotlight aired some of an interview I did with the DUP treasurer that raised the possibility the party broke  electoral law in not finding out where a £435,000 Brexit  donation came from. 
Only a few tickets left: Free entry if booked very soon: London (Euston) - Thursday October 11th, 2018, 630pm, Prof Danny Dorling, Peak inequality, if this is the top, how do we get down... on how the peak of UK inequality may have been reached with Brexit 
Abortion legislation must be strengthened "anything less would be a sham, and a denial of the will of the people as expressed in the referendum". @ailbhes 
'Some people find the way I play annoying... but I don't care'England star Maro Itoje on Brexit, his Nigerian heritage and winding up opponents | @willgkelleher 
Mrs May’s continued prevarication over Brexit is proof that Conservative MPs are putting their party before our country. #MayMustGoNow 
I'm pleased to announce that after Brexit we will be restoring cheese and onion crisps to their rightful colour, green. Salt and vinegar will once again be blue. #TakingBackControl 
How can we patriotic British citizens trust the Conservative government to get the UK out of the EU when Conservative MPs allow Mrs May and her cabinet to continue in power and obfuscate us over Brexit negotiations? SOVEREIGN  
the horrifying thing is i wouldn't put it past corbyn at this point to abandon the 6 tests and vote for May's Brexit deal. and then what?   
May banks on Brexit to keep her in place until March  
If any Labour MP votes for May’s Brexit they will never get elected again  
Labour MPs believe at least 15 of their colleagues could vote with the government, rather than appear to their constituents to be trying to “block Brexit”, with up to 30, including some frontbenchers, prepared to abstain. You heard it right....  
Exit poll research said 43% of voters made up their minds because of interviews with women they heard on Radio or TV.I think the award from IMRO actually recognises the impact their bravery had on the referendum. 
Over the three months before the Abortion Referendum about twenty incredibly brave women gave me interviews on @drivetimerte about their experiences of abortion. Tonight the #Imro18 awards honored their contribution to the national debate. 
This reeks of desperation from a Prime Minister who has run out of favours. There is no "national interest case" for voting to shrink the economy, threaten workers' rights, and reduce environmental standards through Brexit.  
The Guardian front page, Saturday 6 October 2018 | Revealed: PM’s secret bid to get Labour to back her Brexit deal  
I’m not named in this article and I haven’t been approached by the Government. But to be clear: I will not support any Brexit deal which doesn’t include the Single Market and the Customs Union as a minimum. Time for a @peoplesvote_uk. #BrexitShambles  
And Charles, since the 2016 referendum around 1,000,000 people have died. That demographic voted heavily to leave. They are partly replaced by around 850,000 18-20 year olds who largely vote remain. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote 
Great video with @chrisinsilco about the blowback he got not for Cambridge Analytica but for exposing Brexit fraud. Pushed into traffic. Followed into gay clubs. Abused & discredited. He & @shahmiruk made huge personal sacrifices to get this story out.  
Remember the time David Davis came & looked into the abyss of me under a bridge & he had his hands in his pockets & I told him he was rude & that I was going to wither the soul of his Brexit like a raisin in a heatwave & he got all jittery? Here’s the official account of the day  
Read my comment piece in the Saturday Paper. It’s not written to Snowden, or the ‘Interim’ PM. It’s written to you. Rouse the politicians from their comfortable status quo toward a Voice Referendum. A First Nations Voice will hold them to account.  
Khan’s catastrophic mayoralty. Hundreds dead, crime on the up, Londoners living in fear. And what does he do?  Wastes time plugging a second referendum. Why doesn’t he - just for once - concentrate on the day job.  
Wow, let's cancel Brexit.How could the nation cope with the loss of your brother & the masses of jobs he brings stringing beads onto pieces of cat gut? 
If you see a  in someone's profile it means they are a fascist. If you challenge them, they are quite likely to claim that it means they've been shadow-banned by Twitter. But if you check the time lines it's nearly always full of far-right stuff. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
You’re a bit sensitive tonight Ally Pally @campbellclaret the #LosersVote not gone well today..... oh dear, anyway I’m off for some marmite on toast, think it’s made by #Unilever you know that company that’s staying in London despite #Brexit lol @Arron_banks 
Politicians should not overturn a voteBut if the people vote to overturn the first vote then that’s democracy!& if you think that’s what will happen then you know that Brexit isn’t the “will of the people” anymore & is done to the people against their will not for the people! 
Why isn’t this being reported more? Why aren’t all remainer MPs demanding action? Why are we continuing with this farago in the knowledge, and as recognised by the High Court, that the referendum was mishandled by the Electoral Commission and that Vote Leave broke the law?  
when did you last bother your MP on Brexit matters?  (do it again, in your own words, with a proper letter with a stamp on it) 
Eloquent EM France #Brexit keynote by @MichelBarnier ce soir- Continued support + solidarity for Ireland- Vital role EU has played in supporting >140 Peace projects in NI- reminder that European Parliament will have final say - never sacrifice the future for the present 
The fact the BBC will call Scotland's upcoming referendum "Indyref2" and not #Scotref proves the point I made the other day.Can everyone *Please* stop using #indyref2 now? It's a signpost of failure. And the british know it. 
What utter bollocks from May and Tory Whips. Pure positioning and spin from No10. I for one won’t be voting for her botched deal - and no deal would be a disaster too which is why it’s time for @peoplesvote_uk #Brexit @GuardianHeather @dansabbagh  
Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party cannot function s an effective opposition when he doesn't even know what his party's policy on Brexit is. Ask 10 of them and you'll get 10 different answers. Cretins.Labour is a shambles. 
Is it the @bbc role to promote Brexit propaganda rags?  
Well done Labour for the inevitable consequence of not listening to your key base on Brexit.  
Any vote on the Brexit deal should be a 3 line whip and any Labour MPs that vote with the Tories should have the whip removed and face an instant trigger ballot. enough is enough. 
I bet the European Research Group are now kicking themselves for not doing any European research. #Brexit 
It’s time to turn that rusty old key! Referendum! @tommayor11 Getting the people behind the Uluru statement 
Not to be ‘that person’. But...if Brexit commentators could stop referring to a ‘row’ over the Irish border. I feel a couple of centuries of colonialism, a vicious civil war and a hard won peace - all which is in jeopardy, is just a smidge more than a row.  
They don’t give a shit @Jeremy_Hunt Maybe you should stop Brexit which they enabled and only helps them not usYou seem very confused  
This account  presents itself as being for British Leavers with traditional family values yet it's full of US Republican content denying Kavanaugh's guilt. Are people really this easily gulled?  Wait, what am I saying?  #Brexit 
No I have not spoken to any Tories about supporting the government on Brexit. I want a #PeoplesVote and could not vote for anything short of a customs union, as I told the journalist. That is also Jeremy's position. 
The scare story of #Brexit grounding planes deflating: #EU will enable "air services, allowing flights to land and fly straight back to the UK, and to extend air safety certificates and security exemptions for UK travellers in transit." Via @FT 
This has to be one of next month's most important toss-up elections. It could function as a de facto referendum on expanding Medicaid, has huge implications for Brownback's 'let's just eliminate taxes & see what happens' philosophy, & let's not get started about voting rights.  
Interviewed co-leaders on the @TheGreenParty on where it went wrong in Bristol at the last General election & why they think it is a 'betrayal' for the city's remain-backing Labour MPs not to campaign for a second referendum  
The Spanish government withdrew billions of euros from Catalan banks the day after the referendum (October 2nd) to force them and other companies to move out of Catalonia. 
Ireland the ‘Achilles heel’ of Brexit, says former UK government minister @Andrew_Adonis — Brexit is ‘imploding’ and a second referendum is likely 
There will never be a brexit majority again. The coup happened at the only time it stood a chance of conning the country, after years of cuts which caused suffering and anger they turn against immigrants 
Sadly this explains a lot of our difficulties in Brexit negotiations - the belief of fanatics that party is more important than country. We won't succeed in trade negotiations on this basis either.  
Spain withdrew billions of euros from Catalan banks after referendum  
EU drafts tough contingency plans for no-deal Brexit  via @financialtimes 
“We will not accept any deal that leaves Northern Ireland’s position after Brexit ambiguous! If we have to walk through the lobby with the Opposition on that principle - we will!” @NorthAntrimYD 
I’m a classically trained orchestral musician. Apparently unskilled despite spending 6 years at specialist world class conservatories. There is a huge amount of fear within the arts about the impact of brexit! #StopBrexit 
Ray Bassett hasn’t ceased demonstrating how breathtakingly ignorant he is of EU governance since the moment he penned his first op ed on Brexit. A fantasist of the highest order. Meanwhile Ireland’s real diplomats are doing the hard grind of actual negs 
When you’re sick of Brexit deal chat… #Brexit #Gogglebox 
Whatever the Brexit outcome, it will be bad news for the DUP | Edward Burke  
FT Exclusive: The EU is drafting tough contingency plans for a no-deal Brexit that could force flight cancellations and leave exporters facing massive disruption  
EU drafts tough contingency plans for no-deal Brexit  
Charlie Mullins millionaire refuses to take down 'Bollocks to Brexit' Remain Hero @redalphababe @Wrexhamforeu @RemainerNow 
Agree. Think we can basically expect the  entire UK to be in the customs union when it leaves with some kind of wording that it will be time limited but will probs be the new status quo.Makes one wonder what the point of Brexit was really. #TakeBackControl 
Had an email from BarrowBoy @BrandonLewis. Apparently we should all be supporting @theresa_may as she is respecting the referendum with her vision of Brexit. Common Rule Book, ECJ, and Study/Work movement. Her vision sounds more like Remaining than Leaving. That will be a no. 
as if michael from the good place caused brexit 
Claptrap. No methodology provided but almost certainly counts guests as “Leave” or “Remain” based on where they stood on 23/6/16. Result: all Lab front bench and most of Con one - including the PM - will count as “Remain” despite both parties pledged to carry through Brexit. Daft  
Music fan? Sign the petition calling on Government & Parliament to support a touring visa for musicians #WorkingInTheEU post-Brexit ↓  
Outrageous: the Spanish administration withdrew several thousand millions from the two main Catalan banks in order to force them to move their headquarters out of Catalonia right after independence referendum.@guardian @SPIEGELONLINE@Le_Figaro @BBCWorld @Foreign_Cat 
Theresa May and her advisers always personally assured me that this would never be her strategy, because of course it both puts Brexit in hoc to Labour remainers and would encourage Conservative leavers to abandon support for the government. So this is unlikely to be true. 
A reminder to everyone that out the SM is a Hard brexit.A soft Brexit would mean staying in the SM, e.g. through EEA (which Labour already abstained on!) but we'd become rule takers.So far better to just remain. We have the best deal already.  
If Tories carry on with may any seats in the North they gained will be lost &then 20yrs in wilderness. I don't think No 10 has any idea of the feeling towards the Tories North of Watford Gap, betray Brexit & they will be lucky to get 220 MPs.If she cant do it get someone who can 
FFS!!Guardian reveals PLP Blairites planning to vote with May on Brexit to block GE and stop JC getting into power.They shd all have been ditched a year ago, as many of us have been urging for two years.Failure of @Open_Selection vote at Conference a disaster. 
Pot kettle etc, Merkel has done so much to ruin Europe. Brexit is the only good thing to follow through on, we need to walk away from this sad mixed up Europe 
 reports that on 2 Oct. (the day after the referendum), the Spanish state withdrew billions of euros from CaixaBank and Banco Sabadell to force them to move their headquarters out of Catalonia.@JaumeAlonsoCuev @KommunikaCat 
I thank those who thank me for my active campaigning to #StopBrexit but now you get homework too.Write to your MP.Write to your MEP.Tell them how you feel about Brexit.Demand a #PeoplesVote.Make a donation.Join us on 20 October in London for the #PeoplesVote 
The Good Place has the most logical explanation for Brexit that I have seen so far! 
#Brexit is affecting not one but two unions: EU and UK. My latest paper assesses how Brexit is remaking British constitutional order, esp in #Scotland and #NorthernIreland.  
Brexit boost: Key UK stocks 'undervalued' and could ROCKET after leaving EU, says analyst  
'Prepared to go to PRISON' Pimlico Plumbers founder REFUSES to take down anti-Brexit sign. Brexit won’t affect his business? He looks flushed, he’s a drain on a decent Brexit Deal!  
2,000 have already signed up in support of a referendum on Irish Unity.  #UnityRef"...the British Government has no right in Ireland, never had any right in Ireland, and never can have any right in Ireland." 
I'm speechless. This is genuine footage of the US embassy discussing Brexit & it honestly looks like a scene from The Office. Essential watching, if you want to see how this calamitous decision is being spoken of by outsiders.  
Ha! The Good Place mentioned #Brexit. So it’s only happening because demons are messing with the course of human history. At last an explanation 
Charities silent on Brexit. I get they fret about donors, but if there’s one sector that ought to take a principled stand, this is the one 
I don't want to hear about Johnson, May's dancing, 6 tests, or anything other than...WHY is everyone ignoring the fact that the 2016 referendum was "won" as a result of (proven) criminal cheating, and *many* AIQ/FB/Legatum/CA electoral fraud investigations are pending??#bbcaq 
We now welcome people to the U.K with a poorly written angry sign, this is the face of Brexit Britain. A shitty racist island with bad grammar. 
.@Dr_PhilippaW is totally stealing the show on #bbcaq with common sense on #Brexit & calling @theresa_may bluff on her end of #austerity con-trick 
One interesting little twist from a scenario where the UK ends up in a long Brexit transition is that for City firms still deeply intertwined with EU markets the Dáil may prove a more important lobbying target than Westminster 
The Good Place just said michael’s meddling with the humans caused a weird timeline where Brexit happened and The Greatest Showman was super successful and i’m crying 
Please Retweet This Brexit Memo If You Agree.Dear Mrs May, I would prefer you negotiated from the base of a Canada+++ deal rather than Chequers. It seems the EU would too. I can see no benefit in doing otherwise. Both options require a border solution.Thank you@theresa_may 
People’s Vote activists will be out campaigning for a fresh referendum on the final Brexit deal tomorrow  
Let no one say Brexit is inevitable.Labour Policy has been changed, May is talking the possibility of No Brexit, Davis admits May is fearful.Now is the the time to believe and to act.Let's mass in great numbers on 20th and demand a #PeoplesVote 
May’s secret bid to get Labour MPs to back her #Brexit deal-Tomorrow’s Guardian  
Lovely view from @AlJazeera offices in London. Did a 2 hour interview about @openDemocracy ‘s Dark Money investigations for doc on Brexit coming out soon. Great chat  
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal. Agree? Add your name:  
When Brexit day comes, Britain's hunger for change will not be sated—indeed, it will be stronger than ever  
Brexit is imploding and a second referendum is likely, I tell the Irish Times  
Always got on well with RD but he has somewhat morphed into being the Brextremists’ security version of Patrick Minford, the lone Brexit economist sent out to ‘balance’ the thousands who talk sense. Vast majority in intelligence think Brexit a real risk to security  
Businesses have in the main been hopeless on Brexit. Know that it is awful. But heads down. Signs are they are beginning to get above the parapet. One easy way to do so is advertise in @TheNewEuropean Email Matt.kelly@archant.co.uk to find out ludicrously reasonable rates 
As good a 5 line summary as can be written about the French take on Brexit  
Yep... British microbiologists find that American technique at heart of Brexit trade row does not kill listeria and salmonella (May 2018) 
It is profoundly shocking that people should stick 'Bollocks to Brexit' stickers on Dyson cleaners and #Woodenspoon pubs. I am outraged! I shall write to the @dailytelegraph 
Seems that no deal would be the worst move, both for Brexit and the UK.After crashing out, if the UK later wanted a trade deal with the EU, it would still have to settle all the withdrawal issues first, from a weaker negotiating position.  
There's a complete silence Tom because there is literally no evidence of any Russian influence or suspicious financing or illegal interference or indeed anything at all. Just like your vindictive attacks on dead or dying politicians. #Brexit @carolecadwalla @tom_watson 
And while we are about it, when will ANY Tory MP in Cornwall follow Sarah Wollaston in Devon, and insist that the People have the final decision on Brexit ... the Conservative & Labour leaderships are conspiring together to deny democracy!  
Disappointed not to get more coverage of Green Party Conference on #c4news. @sianberry and @jon_bartley spoke a lot of sense and presented a sound opposition to #brexit. No they’re not very big. But they’re as big as Rees-Mogg and bigger than Farage. #gpconf #c4news #Newsnight 
Ain't it just the mother of all coincidences that Brexit has allowed the UK Government to plaster most Scottish produce with British Flags?It's almost as if that was the plan all along once they realised they couldn't form a BetterTogether2.0 and stem the independence movement! 
Great thread. Brexit already costing public services 3% of their budgets at a time when they're already struggling to balance the books.  
Great to see a mention for @openDemocracy ‘s latest scoop from today, how Electoral Commission turned a blind eye to DUP’s £435k Brexit cash  
Sour grapes from the man who missed the real story of #Brexit - tant pis  
That this fuck knuckle of a PM is getting credit for dancing on stage like a Pixar villain is beyond me. These are heinous, vile, odious people who are about to swing a baseball bat at the heads of the majority who voted for Brexit and then blame them for their broken skulls. 
This realisation has always been there, in Dublin and way beyond. Think border traders don’t realise how bad a hard Brexit would be? Or Irish exporters? In my experience Ireland realises #brexit stakes far more than most in Britain  
Ireland is supposed to be the UK's friend. We defend them and we bail out their banks but when it comes to Brexit they join forces with the EU to stuff us !! With friends like them who the hell needs enemies ? 
If you’re in the vicinity of Edinburgh tomorrow (Oct 6) and you support independence for Scotland to avoid a toxic #Brexit, why not join a few (thousand) like-minded people for a wee stroll through Edinburgh and a bit of banter#auob #auobedinburgh #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2 
Mercedes-Benz abandoned plans to move production to UK plant after Brexit vote  
#Chile | October 5th marks the 30th anniversary of the victory of the 'NO VOTE' in a referendum that paved the way for the transition to a democratic government after 17 years of repressive military rule. #30AñosdelNO #5Octubre#5deoctubre30años 
Patrick Kielty slams May's Brexit plan- 'You can buy a pint in Belfast with euros, just not at a same-sex wedding' 
The people of the UK don't get a say on any Brexit deal, but 10 DUP MP's will, what sort of a democracy is that? The #DUP are mired in so much corruption in NI, if you're not aware of it google RHI, NAMA, Red Sky and Ian Paisley Jnr for just a flavour of their corruption. 
The sour, sobering & sickening reality is that the Tory Hard Right would regard a return of The Troubles as a necessary price to pay for a no-deal Brexit #C4News 
Prior to Brexit referendum, @davidmcw wrote this crushing dissection of unionism's economic case. It shows how Union holds north of Ireland back in contrast to south. Union has impoverished north and Brexit will only exacerbate problem. Time to #Think32.  
It's mine too. And Scotland and NI are due to be worse off again.Working class people in NI will be by far the hardest hit by Brexit but if we oppose it we're accused of being liberal elites. The richest will survive: I fear for my constituents who are just surviving now. 
Do you want to choose your own MLAs or do you want political parties to choose for you? This is the referendum question. VIDEO:  #BCReferendum #PRDebate #BCPoli 
Don't worry America. Johson, Mogg & other Brextremists will let you dump it on Britain after Brexit once they get rid of 'EU red tape' otherwise known as Food Safety Standards.  Mind you, they won't be eating such garbage themselves. That will be just for commoners. #PeoplesVote 
There has been a lot written about that referendum. Widely criticized in studies for poor process, false propaganda against PR. Voices from left and right regarded the process as flawed.  
I keep being asked what the plusses mean in Canada+++. In short it means a Canada FTA plus a number of bitter pills you have to swallow when you campaign to leave but refuse to have a #Brexit plan. 
In July 2016 Tony Blair claimed that voting for #Brexit was like buying a house without looking at it. The Blairs owned 41 properties, all bought with the money he earned on the back of working-class voters, many of whom left the party because of Iraq. 
A gay novelist and bar owner says "we will suffer", ahead of a referendum in #Romania on banning same-sex marriage. He has received threats and hate messages after making a viral post about the vote on social media. 
Glad to see finally an Irish realisation that while a hard Brexit would, for Britain, be a disaster, for Ireland it would be a catastrophe. 
Brexiters believe patriotism is their greatest strength. It is not. Russian & American hands are all over Brexit, it divides our country, damages our economy, harms our people, weakens our alliances & makes Britain an object of global mockery.#StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
#WriteAPoemAboutTories  Verse 2." Our PM's a dancer   She pranced across the stage   I guess it felt much safer   Than to feel the Nation's rage.   We're sick of your austerity   We're sick of Brexit too,   We wish you'd call a GE now   Then we'd be rid of you "#SameTune 
RBS warns of no deal #Brexit slump as construction, retail, car and manufacturing industries press pause button & lending already down 2% this year. #PeoplesVote needed now 
The future of the UK car industry post #Brexit  
It is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR now that the 2016 UK EU Referendum leave vote has no validity whatsoever  - the REALLY odd thing is that May and Corbyn still "respect" that vote. Does ANYONE actually know why they do - is it in fact only about money now, or does Putin have Kompromat too ? 
SO took a wander around QFC today. Had chat with Edinburgh woman. Talk turned to Brexit. Said she’s come to conclusion wrong decision was made in 2014. She voted No b/c she couldn’t bear breakup of union. But has now realised the only path for SCO is indy. 
Dear remoaners. Please can you list ten large companies that have left the UK due to Brexit. That's if you have time while you're crying in your lattes after the Unilever reversal. 
Clear show of unity against Brexit - @moneillsf  
Clearing out of SBP towers. Forgot I had brought this back from UK with me after referendum coverage. This did not age well for them.  
#5Oct | Today is the #30añosdelNo , the victory of the 'NO VOTE' in #Chile, in a referendum that paved the way for the transition to a democratic government after 17 years of repressive military rule by the brutal dictator Pinochet who came to power by a US-backed coup.  
What should happen to EU citizens living UK post Brexit and UK citizens living in the EU. They stay EU citizens living in the UK (if they wish) and the UK stay UK citizens living in the EU. What is the problem? 
We sometimes forget that, up until Brexit, no one was really talking about moving me, or getting rid of me. Now that happens - in newspapers, online, and in what politicians say - every day. That’s the problem, not whether I can swim, fancy Larne, or have my pension sorted 
So we don't need a referendum for old money and old families to negotiate with each other about how they'll get along at our expense. We need economic reforms. Or else revolution. We need WE Kenyans to be at the steering wheel of our own destiny.#LandFirst 
On October 20th, I'm going to march.I'm going to march for anyone who cannot but would if they could.I'm going to march for the #5million.I'm going to march for those who still think brexit will be sunlit uplands and innovative jam.#FinalSayForAll#PeoplesVote 
Seems likely now it'd be best to leave with no deal with the EU & come back to do a deal with them later, once new post-Brexit realities for trade, the Irish border, the EU budget & citizens'rights have been established, accepted & adapted to under no deal: 
That's why Raila-ites can bombard me all they want about an imperial presidency, but we are not fools. We know that the problem is that white capital still runs this country and that our old school politicians want a referendum to make themselves, not us, comfortable #LandFirst 
#brexit #stopbrexit #peoplesvote @NE4EU @peoplesvote_uk If anybody is in UK at Sunderland march tomorrow, or London on 20thPls can somebody paint "#PermanentEUCitizenship petition" on a banner or something for a boost?If TV/Newspapers unintentionally show it, we're golden ;-) 
Waving a flag and shouting slogans does not a patriot make.True patriots don't visit harm on their country and fellow citizens.#PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
If the Liberals turn the election into a referendum on the carbon tax, it'll go down as one of the biggest political miscalculations in recent history.  
The austerity imposed by the Tories since 2010 was not to balance the books, but to very deliberately punish the poor, weak & unemployed. They, together with the R-W media, then stoked resentment by highlighting immigration. Brexit was borne out of anger & blame. #StopBrexit 
Just for the record , the @wooferendum is supposed to be a fun take on a serious issue , it also raises concerns about pet health etc after Brexit, scoff if you like but for some of us it combines something that make us happy : dogs with something that doesn’t : Brexit . 
And the people who toil on all of this behind the scenes are starting to get a bit wistful now that the end really is in sight, which is actually very moving. (BREXIT HAS MADE ME SUCH A SOFTIE) (5) 
Ambassadors from the EU27 have had an upbeat-sounding assessment of the #Brexit talks this evening. Progress on all sorts of areas, from governance to status of British military bases on Cyprus. (1) 
Remainers are visibly upset at news of Unilever leaving their HQ here despite Brexit!What sort of person wishes economic damage and self harm to Great Britain in order to attempt to overturn a Democratic Vote.  The answer is a sick and sad person,In brief,a Remoaner! 
#Brexit has let the racism genie out of the bottle and set the UK back decades. 
Ok so Carole Cadwalladr fought to protect her sources and held the BBC to account for its abysmal coverage of the Brexit referendum. Next. 
Rees-Mogg calls for post-Brexit crackdown on urchins, ne’er-do-wells and strumpets 
And that's where he went silent. You really do have to question what the hell is going on in buzzfeed lately, 2 stories in a few days made up or not investigated properly, and now deleted tweets. They're more well known for clickbait, that was their level. 
Millionaire refuses to take down 'Bollocks to #Brexit' poster  
Come on, guys. Joke's over.Why do you want Brexit? You don't know. You never did.Can you find it in your hearts to spare hundreds of thousands of people their jobs, and years of poverty and misery?Could you see your way to doing that? In the name of simple humanity? 
In today’s hilarious Brexit news, the EU indicates she can have the deal she describes as “a bad deal”, in the future, as long as she backs down from her own stated policy, AND puts the DUP back in Pandora’s box, collapsing her government. #MaximumEffort 
Tax Haven UK- Big companies will get huge tax cuts if there is no-deal Brexit, Dominic Raab suggests.Why would others not retaliate in this race-to-the-bottom? Loss of tax revenues means either the rest of us pay more or lose hard-won social rights. 
@carolecadwalla showed great restraint, person strength and integrity in rising above and not making an issue of what happened to her with C4. She didn't create distractions from public debate on #CambridgeAnalytica #facebook #trump #brexit - didn't get personal. I'm dismayed. 
Just been filming for @BBC #Yorkshire Sunday Politics show in #Leeds. I insisted the referendum result was fraudulent, demanded a #PeoplesVote & also plugged EU pet passports & the #Wooferendum march. They even played a clip from #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw   
There are mounting signs Theresa May will defy the DUP and make more concessions to the EUOur PM continues to pursue deeply unpopular #Brexit policiesHer latest lapse of judgment will probably bring down her governmentThe DUP won't be messed around 
A barrister is to seek a judicial review of the Electoral Commission over its decision not to investigate the handling of a £435,000 donation to the DUP during the Brexit referendum  
I really think we need to halt Brexit as it will finish progressive advance.do you agree we should stop Brexit? 
.@LowTaxChloe "The EU don't want the UK to cut taxes because it would give an 'unfair advantage'...but I rather like the idea of British businesses having a competitive advantage after Brexit."  
What they're being funded for, may not be as simple as just opposing transgender rights. Trans rights is just the wedge issue. Consider the abortion referendum in Ireland, and how these UK based activists tried to hold talks here ahead of the vote. 
I won't bow down to Lambeth Council's bullying. They Can Put Me In Prison Before That Sign Comes Down! #Brexit is a poison which will not discriminate, and speaking up about my view on it, is no criminal act, but only part of my rights to free speech.  
It's absolutely shocking & disgraceful that anyone is selling these stickers. I had to check it out to see if it was true and here is the link#BollocksToBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote #Brexit 
This is just about the smartest Brexit take I have read. It seems many people felt marginalised and ignored, so this was a perfect way to exercise power against the perceived (and/or real) arrogance of Westminster. Hope history shows it to be a wake up call, and not a disaster.  
Project Fear's duff predictions are one reason why Ed Balls thinks a second referendum would be an enormous waste of time.  
“Brexit will be a national disaster if we sit back and let it happen, and I for one will not stand by and let the UK sleepwalk into a nightmare without putting up a fight!”  
After the @endthechaosuk seminar in Newry today I am pretty sure that only an EEA deal, or no #brexit at all, offers any hope for the future in Northern Ireland.#PeoplesVote please 
Pro-abortion advocates think the referendum has ended the debate. Human rights activists who know that killing unborn children is wrong will not be silent about this. The fight for what is right will go on. 
Thanks, Gina. As always it's not about you, as you selflessly show us the perils of Brexit and the chaos it will bring. This highly accurate demonstration is bound to make all but the most racist Brexiteers change their minds. 
A video dismantling Jacob Rees-Mogg’s claims about care workers reaches more than 100,000 viewsMy latest @TheCanaryUKh/t @PeterStefanovi2 for his hammering home this false '#Brexit' narrative and speaking truth to power. 
Just think if Govt & Opposition allow this debased invalid #Brexit to proceed & we lose the oversight of the ECJ supported by 27 sovereign democracies & these con artists gain majority control of our legal system what's in store for us.#PeoplesVote #Remain #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The EU shouldn'tt be throwing May and the Brexiters a 'lifeline.' The majority of Brits don't want to leave the EU! Stick to the EU rules and let the Brexit idiocy implode by itself. 'Post Brexit' means unfinished, endlessly dragging-on Brexit. No-one wants that here. PEOPLESVOTE  
BBC anti-Brexit bias exposed: a whopping 87% of the panels on its three top debate shows had a Remainer majority and only 13% had a panel equally balanced between Leavers and Remainers.  
I'm a nationalist. I wasnt in any hurry for a UI although I hoped it would be in my lifetime. Now I want UI tomorrow. I want as far away from brexit as I can get. Compared to here the south is such a progressive society that i want to be part of. Bring on a border poll 
[A WEEK IN THE WORLD]￼ @CartooningPeace will be tonight at 7:10pm at @DebatF24 to present cartoons about #NobelPeacePrize2018, #Aznavour, #Collomb & the #Brexit.  
Stop telling lies Darren, you've been found guilty by the Electoral commission because no matter what the advice collusion and working to a common plan is illegal, the CPS will prosecute, you will go to jail and yes, you'll become bankrupt. 
As cited in @CakeWatchCast by @ottocrat "Historical nonsense underpins UK’s Brexit floundering"  
@tom_watson   Dear Guy, I guess you realise that Putin had a key role in procuring the invalid 2016 EU leave vote from which "brexit" is built ? Why not drop Mrs May a line now, and ask her how MI5 MI6 and GCHQ briefed her about that subversion ?  Pressure is mounting on Mrs May 
“Lots of working-class communities voted Tory for the first time after the Brexit vote. But what are we offering to them now? We’re neither ‘taking back control’ nor investing in the public services they need.”@betapolitics on the Tories’ in turmoil 
London was teeming with foreign visitors for the week of art fairs, auctions and exhibitions of Frieze. But the shadow of Brexit lurked in the background.  
Independence on the table after #Brexit - Plaid's Price  
Tories stockpiling body parts in case Brexit gets any worse, well the country needs something to eat, don't they.  
We were glad to remind the minister that the UK already has the best deal by remaining in the EU.We ARE NOT REASSURED. Brexit is a disasterWe asked him to feedback to the PM to apply EU law 90 day rule so that she can stop talking about "EU-style mass migration" #StopBrexit 
Survivors, I know this vote feels like a referendum on our worthiness.It isn’t. We aren’t less valuable just because white Republican politicians try to pin cheap price tags on our dignity. That says a lot about them and nothing about you.Promise. 
Brexit is a catastrophically shit idea, but saying that and not trying to find a solution is like being a pilot when the engines fail and whinging about getting on the plane instead of working out how to land it without making a big hole. I'm afraid that's where we are. 
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal. Agree? Add your name:  
Excuse the swearing but I’m fucking sick to the back teeth of SNP elected representatives talking about “making the best” of Brexit. Scotland voted to REMAIN. Will nobody stand up for that? The time for compromise over the Single Market & Currency Union has past. We voted Remain 
Since 1963, we've been doing political reforms.  KADU crossed the floor.  We got section 2A.  In 2005, we had a referendum. In 2008, a coalition government.  In 2010, we finally got a constitution that puts THE PEOPLE at the center of governance. But we are still poor. 
If we had #ProportionalRepresentation UKIP would be a handful of nutters in parliament, clamouring to leave the EU, backed by a few mental tories. There’d have been no referendum and no Brexit. I think I’d have preferred that. 
My mate is off to Vegas tomorrow and there is not a single bet he could place that would be more irresponsible than the bet #Brexiteers are placing on our future. #Brexit is a gamble not worth taking. 
I very much see Brexit as the pin being pulled out of a grenade by those who the political system has mistreated for decades, to wake liberals up to inequalities we've failed to address.And right now we need to all commit to addressing them so we can put the pin safely back in. 
Ben Sasse's claim that this vote is not a referendum on the Me Too movement is a sure-fire sign this vote is a referendum on the Me Too movement. 
Quick reminder that 83% of doctors think that Brexit will be bad for the NHS. Don't know about you, but we definitely trust them more than politicians on healthcare... 
Brexit is stealing our children & grandchildren's future. Let's #RemainWe all need to do somethingTry this!This petition has now passed 61,500 signaturesIt's doing well, but we need it to get to 100KPlease SIGN it and RT the heck out of it! 
The UK population inc. #Brexit remainers were rightfully incensed by the MP expenses scandal, yet are seemingly OK with EU fraud of 3.3 BILLION euros. Remainers are either stupid or hypocrites?  
// MARY LOU MCDONALD // "When you say reconciliation - what do we mean?" @MaryLouMcDonald leader of @sinnfeinireland talks reconciliation, Brexit & the major issues facing women on the island of Ireland. Clip here, full interview coming soon.  @ArringtonLauren 
EU is set to offer Britain a free-trade deal deeper than any agreement that’s gone before, but will reject Theresa May's demand for "frictionless trade," diplomats say 
The £ didnt devalueThere have been no job lossesThere has been no effect on the economyThere will be no effect on the UK at all from leaving the EU apart from we will boom boom boom.This is the leaver diatribe.Denial ain't just a river in Egypt baby.#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
.@JHahnEU on state of play in :”The #referendum did not fail: those who participated,approved  name-deal w/ remarkable 94 percent! Now to be dealt w/ in Parliament. Call upon #opposition, who claims being in favour of #euroatlantic integration, to act in country’s interest”1/2 
Everything about these type of demographic anti-democracy arguments amuse and abhor me.  Can you imagine having such a passive view of political change that it depends of the death of your opponents and an assumption that all young people are your personal stage army? #Brexit  
Just paint over the top quarter of the first “O” in yellow. Having spent my life having that bit added, it’e be nice to see it go the other wayMillionaire refuses to take down 'Bollocks to Brexit' poster  
@Edward__Burke: “DUP influence over Brexit is its greatest weakness. Put simply, it has no good outcomes. There are four possible Brexit scenarios for the DUP, all of which are deeply damaging to the party and, by extension, unionism in Northern Ireland” 
I'm at a dinner in Cambridge tonight, friend texts:Friend: They're all liberals tonight, so be good.Me: Clinton liberals or classical liberals?Friend: Clinton.Me: Uh-oh. Anti-Brexit?Friend: Vehemently.Should be fun! *packs wooden spoon* 
EU watchdogs step up plans to avert Brexit meltdown  
Plans for the Brexit British Festival were going well...  
Murdoch ensured :The Falklands war.The Iraq war.Now at age of 87 he pushes the UK to #Brexit just to prove how powerful he is.Politicians dance to his tune because he can undo their careers with one article in the #Sun. 
‘This is not in your interest!’ Gibraltar turns tables on Spain with simple Brexit point  
BREAKING: As #brexit negotiations reach a crucial stage, with Theresa May allegedly set to conclude a deal within the next two weeks, I ask"Is May being somewhat too eager to please ?  
Just so we're clear, if @Sen_JoeManchin votes 'Yes' tomorrow not only will this be a referendum on Joe, but it will be one on @SenSchumer's ability to lead as well... 
If May brings back a customs union deal to Parliament then that’s a real issue for Labour politically.They have utterly failed to oppose Brexit and their customs union policy has impossible conditions attached to it. 
The Brexitedrs all just want to get over Brexit line and then are prepared to tear whatever keeps up UK links with the EU. Deeply depressing approach and Brexiteers are unsurprisingly perhaps unreliable partners for EU as many want its total destruction as see it as future threat  
VIEW | A very British protestThousands of dogs are expected to march to the UK Parliament on Sunday in a paw-litical protest against Brexit. Are the organisers barking mad? Stefan Simanowitz thinks not.Read more:  
Unilever drops plans to quit Britain to go Dutch. A victory for common sense and post Brexit Britain 
What a load of prejudiced, xenophobic drivel. The French aren't looking across the Channel with "jealousy, resentment and fear".  Most of them think #Brexit is utterly bonkers.  
"Nondiscrimination, human rights, equality - these are an essential part of the Good Friday Agreement, I'm very worried by Brexit as it does threaten to undermine that."  
Businessman preparing for legal fight over ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ sign  
Yesterday in the British Embassy Madrid we handed a personal letter to Under Secretary for Brexit, Robin Walker MP @WalkerWorcester, with sheets of real concerns & fears from our members about the future.We look forward to his response.@malcyboy40 @ElspethElspeth 
Andrew Rosindell MP - "David Cameron won on the basis of an in-out referendum. We then passed Article 50 through Parliament, now we have passed the EU Withdrawal Bill. "We had the biggest vote of the British people in history for this." #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave 
“Ireland is being played like a fiddle by the European Union. It is being used by Brussels to try to weaken Brexit and British democracy itself. The Irish government should be ashamed of itself for playing this cynical game.”Brendan O’Neill on Politics Live  
Nigel Farage - "German industry are making their views felt. Juncker, Barnier, and the others are being told the Germans need the UK car market."Do you know one in three BMW’s that are sold around the world outside Germany are sold where? Here, the UK."  #Brexit  
The whole teaching profession are left wing activists, just 9% vote for party's other than commie Corbyn's party, who loathe this country and its culture. My grandson at UNI too scared to open his mouth about Brexit which he supports.  
Brexit dominated the Tory Conference and yet nothing of substance was said about what it means for Britain's future. Neither May's tactics nor Johnson's grandstanding amount to a national strategy. My latest Brexit Blog post:  
So just to recap this insane week: MISSING: The head of Interpol; Saudi dissident Jamal Khashoggi, FOUND: 4 GRU agents trying to hack the OPCW in the Hague; a Chinese spy chip in the US motherboard supply chain. STATUS UNCLEAR: Kavanaugh confirmation, Festival of Brexit Britain 
The Govt is failing in its Brexit negotiations. We face the real risk of a bad deal, or no deal - and City Hall's work with businesses like @CBItweets tells us this would cause huge damage. With time running out, I’m backing a public vote - with the option to stay in the EU. 
CJEU hearing on whether the UK can unilaterally withdraw the Brexit notification set for end of November  
The European Court of Justice has set a Nov. 27 date for a hearing to decide whether Britain's parliament can unilaterally change its mind on Brexit. (Reuters) 
RESPECT. We have distributed over half a million Bollocks to Brexit stickers, with all the profits going back in to remain. We fight side by side. 
The timing of this #Article50 ruling could be hugely influential to the Brexit process, so this fast-tracking makes things all the more interesting...  
£9 billion pulled from UK company funds since Brexit vote 
#WriteAPoemAboutToriesThere was a PM called MayShe bored the arse of me each dayHer Brexit stanceWhen given a glancePlummets us further into disarray Now Mrs MaySome might sayWill be history at any given dayOh by jove I hear you sayTill I point out Gove's in the play 
Lambeth Council say this sign has nothing to do with our business, but quite clearly it has everything to do with our business. If #Brexit  happens, we won’t have a business! The sign stays!  
GAME CHANGER: Remoaners to march thousands of dogs on Parliament for 'Wooferendum'. That’s it guys, Brexit is cancelled.  
SDLP Leader @columeastwood MLA has reiterated his call for the pro-remain majority to come together and support the position of the European Union to protect Ireland from a hard border and hard Brexit.Read more:  
Please don't ever think of cheering a Canada style Brexit deal.No matter how many pluses or smileys you add to it.All it would be is Canada .You'd say goodbye to frictionless trade. So manufacturing, farming and fishing would all die. Just for starters. 
I wrote this in December last year but it remains one of the great largely unreported scandals of Brexit. The astonishing story of The Belizean sugar link to the EUreferendum. 
Denmark and the UK have exchanged culture, people and goods. Sometimes for better (Top Gear, Christian Eriksen and bacon); sometimes for worse (EastEnders, Nicklas Bendtner and Marmite). Wonderful piece by ⁦@mortenhelveg⁩ on Brexit ⁦@ALDEgroup⁩ 
Tom & Sarah argue over which way to go.Tom wins.As they're driving along, they see the bridge ahead has collapsed.Tom knows this isn't what he wanted or planned.But there's no way he's going to give Sarah the satisfaction.Tom hits the accelerator and goes full speed.#Brexit 
DT headline: “No-deal means a shortfall of 60,000 workers” (in the hospitality business). Absurd.  We don’t yet know in detail what the post-Brexit immigration policy will be, so we can’t make such predictions for any industry. Pure scare-mongering. 
Yes. I'm almost bored of repeating it. The Sugar/Belize link to Brexit is the great unreported scandal of the EU referendum.  
I had a wobbly this morning. For an hour I was angry, anxious & upset at the prospect of a worst-case Brexit. I got over it but it served to remind me that most Brits in EU feel like that all the time! We must #StopBrexit@BremainInSpain 
Looks like for the foreseeable future Britain will remain in the Customs Union. Unlikely, that any government in years to come will rescind this. Increasingly, #Brexit a choice between staying put - with a vote and a voice - or vassal statehood!   
The Dup has mistaken English nationalism for British patriotism. Most English leave voters say they would sacrifice the union in order to win Brexit. Against its better interests, the DUP has embraced those who view the North as a disposable appendage.....  
Reminder that voting yes in the upcoming referendum on blasphemy doesn’t mean hate crimes against religious groups will be legal. It simply means an individual can speak how they want to about God and not be fined for their beliefs. #BlasphemyReferendum #VoteYes 
"So my dear people from the UK, pls do ask for a second referendum. It’s not too late and it’s the best option to keep your country strong in the world. If you want to make the EU better, do it from inside."Saying au revoir. A very moving goodbye letter 
Brutal data from the #1Oct2017 #Referendum1066 injured [peaceful voters]68 public equipment damage [in polling stations - mainly schools & community municipal premises] closure of 140 websites [censored]via @JaumeAlonsoCuev @VilaWeb 
1 pro of brexit: I have met some really nice people on here1 con of brexit: I have met some truly vile people on here 
#3BlokesInAPub in County Dublin (@dlrcc area) discussing #Brexit and its impact on Ireland & Northern Ireland with @JasonJHunter @EveryCountry & @Blastbeat_Rob - Excellent & insightful discussion, as always, & great views over Dublin Bay & Dún Laoghaire. 
We all know what is driving Brexit. This pitiful charade is being engineered so the Tories can say they ended freedom of movement. #gpconf 
Diplomats warn of UK’s waning role at the UN since the Brexit vote  
.@thatginamiller's visit to the Irish border today attracts national attention on #BBCPoliticsLive - plenty of support at our event in Newry, Northern Ireland this morning for giving the people a say on #Brexit#letthepeopledecide 
Let's hope you have big cupboards, a deep wallet and don't need life-saving medicines, because in the event of a no deal Brexit, we're going to be in trouble. Government advice includes stockpiling food & drugs - never saw that during the Leave campaign.Time to #StopBrexit 
“Brexit poses the greatest existential threat of our generation, to the agriculture sector” - @Adamprice addresses @Plaid_Cymru members for first time as leader Read more here:  
Morning prayerLord, motivate your people to vote their conscience in this upcoming referendum that will decide if America travels the path to healing or the path to perdition.Do we pull back from the abyss or tumble into it.Arise Lord and let Your enemies be scattered! 
Adam Price on Brexit: ‘We’re on the Titanic’s deck. The iceberg’s looming. The Government’s strategy is to tell the Iceberg to move.’ 
When @MutahiNgunyi and @HonMoses_Kuria support anything in Kenya, it is crystal clear that the sole and exclusive AGENDA is for the perpetuation of KIKUYU CHAUVINISM. Accordingly, @RailaOdinga's referendum agenda is for KIKUYU HEGEMONY in Kenya. We must OPPOSE that agenda. 
Editorial: Regardless of whether or not a deal is done, many scientists are already seeing and feeling the impact of Brexit.  
Not sure this helps the confidence building with EU! Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, ‘could live with a Brexit agreement that was less than perfect because it could always be revised after the UK has left. ‘.  Devious. 
Bollocks to Brexit is not incecentThe word bollocks was ruled not to be indecent in 1977 Sex Pistols case (defence by John Mortimer QC)@PimlicoPlumbers @albawhitewolf @EUflagmafia @sazmeister88#BollocksToBrexit 
Remain campaigners claimed in March that Unilever departing the UK was a "sign of the weakening of the business environment in Britain since the referendum".Now they're staying - does this mean that it's actually strengthening? #ProjectFear 
New car sales in the UK plunged in September, figures show, while a major carmaker has warned of the effects of a no-deal Brexit  
Concern as report reveals most vulnerable demographic post-Brexit is unqualified men.  
Coming soon to a #Brexit near you . .  
Blimey.  Just seen the first @SpotlightUK breakdown requiring "native English speaking actors with Irish or EU passports" - & stating specifically NOT British passports - for a job in Europe next year.  Brexit bites! 
I can only assume that your businesses are either incapable of change and/or under bad management Deborah, but rest assured that those that do adapt will reek the benefits. Brexit has long-term global appeal for good, big business doesn't get to dictate social and domestic policy  
No taxation without representation. For this one reason alone #Brexit is politically illegitimate. It is a crime against democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
There was no room (or not enough time?) in the @EveningStandard first edition for a leader on how terrific it is that Unilever is sticking with Brexit Britain. Will @George_Osborne change for later editions? 
You saw #3Blokesinapub in Belfast recently.   Here we are in Dublin further discussing the Irish issues of Brexit. 
Actually Lord Adonis most of the country love celebrating coming together as a nation; like with the Olympics, the Royal Wedding, The Jubilee and the World Cup. Only a handful of extremists like you hate the country so much that you want to see it fail.#Brexit #StandUp4Brexit 
Well DONE brexit and everyone who voted for it. THIS, is What you have done!*slow handclap*  
BREAKING: Grassley Releases Executive Summary of Kavanaugh FBI Report Time to Close the Curtain on this Shitshow & Confirm Kavanaugh. If Senate Fails, Make it a Midterm Referendum 
Meanwhile, stuff happening in other places. This is a very good description, at the nuts and bolts (well, auto components) level, of why Brexit poses problems for UK manufacturing: it's all about the frictions  
‘@DCBMEP: Chequers is on runway, SuperCanada taking off - let's accept Brexit offer. “I commend @donaldtusk and @MichelBarnier for proposing the best ever trade deal they have ever done to date.” 
Shocking to hear people are sticking bollox to Brexit stickers on Dyson dryers and in Wetherspoon pubs. Retweet this if you are shocked too  
SUPPORTERS - Please retweet, and donate as you can, to this Brexit Index. It will help bring clarity to the #Leave cause, and aid us in our aim to Get Britain Out!!! 
Millionaire refuses to take down 'Bollocks to Brexit' poster Charlie Mullins says he's willing to go to prison if necessary.@PimlicoPlumbers @Bremaininspain @UKEUchallenge 
We can be a city where everyone can afford to live and provide their family with safe, stable housing. Each of you can be the hero that makes Charlotte a place with affordable housing for all. Vote YES on the affordable housing bond referendum.  
If you don't see why that sort of policy proves that future generations of Brits can expect to see their horizons narrowed by Brexit, see below.  
The post-Brexit immigration policy means *broadly speaking* you need to be earning £30K.Now you see why getting rid of free movement cuts off opportunities for ordinary working people.Free movement means anyone can find work in any country. Visa systems are elitist by nature. 
Then the media outlets report the gap as if the midterms were a sporting event and not a referendum on democracy and decency. This is about integrity not enthusiasm. We need a blue wave...a pink wave...and most of all, an amber wave that brings us back to "America the Beautiful." 
Parliament never lost control. It chose to follow EU rules and can stop any time. #Brexit proves this. The idea the EU dictates rules, or acts like a "prison", has been dreamt up by Brexiters, writes @benjaminbaccas. #parliamentarysovereignty #PeoplesVote 
So Unilever saying it might move got endless coverage, will the fact it’s investors DEMANDED it stay in Britain post #Brexit get the same coverage? Let’s see... #DespiteBrexit 
Such a devastating result of #Brexit- we were integral to the debate on creation of ERNs and lead more than any other country. To be excluded is an enormous blow to #RareDisease patients as well as UK science @Scientists4EU @NHSvBrexit @NHSConfed_EU @RareDiseasesEU 
Whatever the Brexit outcome, it will be bad news for the DUP | Edward Burke Couldn't happen to a nicer party. 
With Labour backing Customs Union membership and the Government reportedly looking to capitulate to Brussels on it, we have to wonder what the hell is going on?!Our most important trading partners are increasingly outside of the EU – why are we giving up Brexit’s biggest prize? 
MEP Richard Ashworth, who voted against 'sufficient progress' in the Brexit talks and in favour of sanctions against Hungary, has been expelled from Tories. He blasts them for having 'deserted centre ground in favour of far right ideology and intolerance'.  
The Home Office rejected @alexandrabulat's application for permanent residence - now she's not heard from them for 4 months.Next time you hear that applying for settled status will be easy post-Brexit, show them this  
'The DUP has mistaken English nationalism for British patriotism' - My article on the DUP and Brexit.  
I wish everyone would read this - the dangerously vacuous nature of today's politics laid bare; "a governing party which, even now, is unable to decide what Brexit means or to explain why Britain is doing it." That's a desperate reality.  
#Brexit : #ECJ granted the fast-track procedure on the request for a preliminary ruling from a Scottish Court on the reversibility of article 50 (case number C-621/18) 
Audience thanked @thatginamiller for coming to Newry. Where architects of Brexit? Johnson busy on Telegraph column?  
Not minded to read @full_brexit but this is a must. Advocates creating a ‘normal international border’ on the island of Ireland-describes this as ‘inconvenient’ & would incur ‘economic costs’.  Given that the Troubles started on this day in 1968, I could weep.  
Whatever flavour of #Brexit is forced down our throats will be a Brexit that's only wanted by a small portion of the population.It will be a Brexit that many leave voters don't want and one that zero remain voters want, and probably shit-flavoured.So what's the fucking point? 
Sorry to any of my followers who are bored with my brexit stance. However, the evidence points towards Brexit damaging the UK, the people in it and those who are citizens of it but live elsewhere. I cannot in good conscience stand by and watch whilst others are subjected to this! 
This Leaflet from the 1975 Referendum on membership of the Common Market is as relevant now as it was then. It's so upbeat.  
“The DUP do not speak for the majority of the people in the north of Ireland - we do.” Sinn Féin Vice-President Michelle O’Neill, speaking in the European Parliament today with leaders of the SDLP, Alliance Party and Green Party. #Brexit #Ireland 
"In a refreshing change from the usual excuses about why Brexit is going so badly (Soviet-style EU, traitorous Remoaners, dog ate impact assessment papers), a leading think tank boss is blaming the EU for weaponising time itself."  
That's not #Brexit  
OMG so this Blasphemy Referendum on October 26th? I hadn't a CLUE.Just read loads about it and finally understand it and know how I'm voting: A thread.  
Listen, you smarmy French git! Believe it all you like, Brexit is happening, deal with it!   
#Brexit deal on Irish border is in sight, says EU. Northern Ireland would diverge and follow single market regulations.  
This caller told @mrjamesob “Trust me, the advertising industry will be fine after a no-deal Brexit.” What followed made it very clear he had no idea how trade deals actually work.  
With his vain delusions of grandeur, Macron — a man who once spent 26,000 euros in three months on make-up — fancies himself as a modern version of Napoleon, ready to dominate Europe by hammering the British:  #Brexit 
Whatever the Brexit outcome, it will be bad news for the DUP | Edward Burke  
I'm a unionist but the @duponline has made me accept a New United Ireland in the #EU as being by far a better option over a Northern Ireland isolated from Ireland, isolated from GB and isolated from the rest of the world in an isolated UK #Brexit #DUP #Conservatives 
Brexiters oppose a second referendum bc it would undermine the result of the first but it could only be undermined bc most people now don't want to leave the EU. #PoliticsLive 
It is disgraceful how the Irish Gov are allowing themselves to be used by the EU to try and stop #BrexitUntil the Irish Gov come to their senses, we should boycott Irish products.We are not gong to allow anyone to overthrow the biggest democratic vote in our country's history 
After Brexit when you cross the border you won't get a text from Vodafone anymore, just a direct text from Theresa May saying "bitch u thought" 
Every single Brexit stone lifted has a swarm of nasties under it.  I don't recall anyone talking about vets and animal and food supply safety during the referendum"Vets' last-ditch warning shows insanity of anti-immigrant Brexit agenda" by @iandunt 
A Canada style FTA would resemble the sort of Brexit deal that people voted for. Chequers clearly does not. Tusk's offer shouldn't be ignored...  
We believe the country should be given a say on the deal so we can give two fingers to Brexit - if you also support a #PeoplesVote then support us: 
I have my beret (thanks @BathforEurope).  I have my hoodie (thanks @Cancel_Brexit). I have a @SODEMAction flag.  i have my marching buddies.  Bring on October 20th.  Anyone want me to #Marchforme ? 
#Brexit is utter fucking bollocks, is what Brexit is.RT if you agree that #Brexit is complete nonsense! or utter fucking bollocks. Either is good.  
Filming with ⁦@LondonLive⁩ on my #BollockstoBrexit sign!The sign stays until Brexit is defeated. And no Lambeth Council pen pusher is going to tell me what’s good for my business.  
You've got a surprising amount of faith in the Tories if you think they wouldn't casually lob tens of thousands of north east jobs on their Brexit bonfire. 
Any chance of Chechnya getting a referendum on leaving the Russian Federation?  
I took two 9-hour buses to get @MichelBarnier to confirm that Remainers haven't undermined our negotiating position. All we've done is make sure we have options when Brexit falls apart.You keep blaming us because you can't accept that Brexit killed Brexit 
It is  clear that no-deal brexit is not possible - parliament cannot allow e.g. closure of Nissan factory in Sunderland. Logic is government will be forced to remain inside customs union at the very least. At some point over next few months they will have to say this ‘out loud’. 
Just #99p #99c today. Leave Brexit behind and escape into the dramatic world of the past. 'Riveting narrative' For the Love of Books 
The instructive thing about having a Brexit tweet go viral is how easy it is to distinguish between the bots and genuine Leavers on my timeline. The tell is that the bots are designed to give the impression of autonomous, independent thought. 
I was on Nolan Live on Wednesday, where neither Tory MP Nigel Mills or Jim Wells of the DUP could explain how Brexit can be done without re-imposing a hard border, or why it makes sense to leave at all! Watch here:  
The politicians proposing #Brexit have an agenda, but it is not to the benefit, of ordinary people, and they need to be called on that says @thatginamiller@endthechaosuk 
After Salisbury, the attempt to undermine the OPCW and anti doping investigations, it is now time we had a proper inquiry into Russian interference in UK politics, including the Brexit referendum.  
.@theresa_may held a general election to win a mandate for her #Brexit negotiations. She failed to obtain that mandate and also lost her government’s majority.As she is currently without a mandate she will need to call a general election to authorise her Chequers proposals. 
... Telltale is rapidly becoming Videogame Brexit.  
No taxation without representation means that the 5 million who were excluded from the UK referendum vote should have been given a voice. And that is right and absolutely vital.  @guyverhofstadt @MichelBarnier @WernerT_Man 
WATCH: Kira is marching on October 20th because she believes the only way out of this #Brexit mess is a #PeoplesVote. Make sure you join her and us at our #PeoplesVoteMarch on October 20th to demand a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit:  @FFSake_ 
#Brexit is nonsensical. What will happen to the void in our labour market without low-skilled workers?RT if you agree that #Brexit is complete nonsense!  
Brexit is 175 days away. #brexit 
This is a great thread laying out the substance of the @IFS report on Brexit and employment.  
EU: Brexit deal 'very close'. Let’s hope 17.4 million Leave voters aren’t about to be betrayed!  
If only all UK voters did as much research and made themselves as well informed about the EU as the Actor & Diarist Kenneth Williams clearly did.#StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #Remain #PeoplesVote #Brexit #EU #UKPolitics 
May's cavorting like a rubber skeleton on a piece of string, cannot hide her party's legacy of death, destruction, racism, bigotry, arms trading, war-mongering, greed, inhumanity, poverty, homelessness, vandalism of the NHS and public services, and the Brexit fiasco.#ToryShame 
Brexit an actual punchline for 'Dumb Stupid Things happening on Earth' in new ep of The Good Place if you need any more proof that we definitely need to stop it. 
"Preserving peace on the island of Ireland is more important to the EU than letting the UK’s customs area stay undivided" - the negotiation choices of Brexit for both sides UK & EU27 countries.   
Good craic at @Plaid_Cymru conference, a barnstorming speech here from @HelenMaryCymru on brexit. The people of Wales were lied to, there’s no good brexit for Wales.   
Voters in Guernsey are set the island's first ever referendum... What are the options?  
’Brexit. From Russia with Love.’Where is our Mueller investigation?Who really funded Leave?What did serving and ex-government Ministers do and what did they know?Why is there no investigation?This is not going away ever.We need a #PeoplesVote . 
When Michael Gove was questioned by a farmer who said the effects of Brexit are "real and they are happening now", his response was to say we buy more from them than they buy from us.  
It is time for direct civil action, Gandhi style, peaceful, dignified, yet relentless. The echo-chamber of Twitter is not enough, we need our boots on the ground, banners in the air and voices heard. Enough is enough! Once they've got Brexit it'll get worse 
Dogs are demanding a Wooferendum to stop Brexit. Join us and together let’s make the biggest bark in history. On the way to Parliament Sq we will stop at Downing St to deliver a PETition to the PM #stopbrexit #wooferendum 
Think about this, we are relying on the same politicians to deliver their vision of #Brexit, as the politicians who lacked the vision & commitment to address the causes of Brexit in the first place. How the fuck can I not be concerned? How the fuck can I not want a #PeoplesVote? 
A good thread here from Steve (briefly featuring some of our research) on the real world impact of brexit on high street florists. Hundreds have closed since the EU Referendum.  
So things I've learned this morning. Rod Liddle wrote the programme notes for Julie Burchill's Brexit play. The play is completely sold out despite it receiving one star reviews and to top it all: "Julie Burchill is currently writing a musical." 
Of course I would, but as hundreds of florists have already closed since the referendum due to a 20% increase in costs due to GBP’s devaluation, it’s hard to see how this can happen. Will they magically re-open up in leaving?  
Chlorine is used to clean animals that have lived an extremely unhygienic and cruel life, crammed into slaughterhouses and jabbed with steroids and antibiotics. The gammon are loving this cruelty in defiance of Brexit, at the same time, wanting 'animal rights' 'cos of halal. 
The Swiss are saying NO to the #EUgunban on the grounds that it is iniquitous, liberticidal, useless, dangerous and antiswiss.#eupol #referendum #stoptheeugunban #Switzerland 
that brexit joke in this week's episode of the good place is gold.  
 Reuters reporting EU officials say #Brexit deal is "very close": - EU to concede on all-UK customs backstop- UK to concede that backstop cannot be time-limited- Unclear from article, but presumably NI-only regulatory backstop - tricky to get past DUP... 
“Four hundred and nineteen Twitter accounts that posted on Brexit were localized to Russia’s Internet Research Agency—later, every single one of them would also post on behalf of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.”Excerpt From: Snyder, Timothy. “The Road to Unfreedom.” 
True. Brexit is a project of the right for the right by the right. A disaster capitalist orgasm with working class people used for the foreplay @peoplesvote_uk the only way to prevent the few so exploiting the few 
that a border would write like an overwordy French memoirist and yet that if a border did so, and if anyone reading this thread actually got to the end of it, they might be further convinced of the border’s intelligence and, by implication, that Brexit is a load of crap 
BRITISH MEP @GerardBattenMEP tore into Theresa May over her failure to secure a #Brexit trade arrangement with the European Union, claiming she cannot be trusted because of support for Remain during the referendum. 
Today we are launching our #ProtectERNs campaign. European Reference Networks (ERNs) offer a unique opportunity to transform care and treatment for #raredisease patients. That's why it's so important that the UK can continue to take part post Brexit:  pic.twitter.com/wFXd5vS4VW 
Poll: How will #Brexit end up? Vote and retweet for a big sample 
As I have said all along Brexit was a coup.  
Work continues in Brussels today. Good to meet and listen to @moneillsf, @StephenFarryMLA, @columeastwood, and Steven Agnew @GreenPartyNI together to discuss the ongoing #Brexit negotiations and the importance of a legally operative backstop for Northern Ireland.  
Goodness, what a load of ill-informed, prejudiced drivel. Brexit doesn't even figure near the top of Macron's concerns right now, nor those of the French people, let alone threaten to humiliate him  via @MailOnline 
You mean major policy decisions... like Brexit?Being based on grotesquely misleading figures... like “we send £350m a week to the EU”?That sort of thing?Heads should indeed roll.  
At Danish Civil Registration Office getting residence permit. Person serving me noted my UK passport & told me she sees many worried Brits coming to ask about Brexit. ‘But no one knows what’s going to happen. It’s not good.’ I nodded & sighed. Too depressing to say anything. 
Cataclysm of Brexit 'could lead to Welsh independence'  
This is how it continues. Despite facts emerging: Leave lies, spending fraud; Gov't impact analysis shows serious damage to economy; CA manipulation; likely Russian interference, Lidington rejected safeguard amendment b/c ref was advisoryBrexit is not democracy; it is a scandal 
More people than ever now think Brexit was the wrong decision.  
The Irish border has been used by elements within the Remain camp to try and block the UK’s departure from the EU. It is certainly not in the long-term interest of Ireland to be used in this cynical manner:  #Brexit 
Sir – I cannot be alone in finding Theresa May’s dancing utterly cringeworthy.And show of support for her at Tory conference had a hollow ring, probably expressive of the “sympathy vote”.What kind of leader stays in power on such a basis as that?- Telegraph Letters#Brexit #EU 
Saying #BollockstoBrexit with ⁦@LondonLive⁩ The sign stays until Brexit is defeated. And no Lambeth Council busy body is going to tell me what’s good for my business.  
Yes the Russians bungled Trump into the White House and bungled Britain into Brexit.Neither calamity would have happened without them.Pretty impressive bungling  
Referendum >>> In addition to suggestions by wakili @DonaldBKipkorir I wish to add: Deputy President becomes Speaker Pre-Tempoire. Presidential candidates to vie for SENATE seats also; enhance Powers of senate. National Assembly be renamed as House of Representatives. @Asamoh_ 
It’s Friday.And it’s odd that, despite the fuss about Russian cyber crimes against the West, there is still no official inquiry into Russian meddling in the Brexit referendum.#Brexit is the gift Putin always wanted. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Why I'm standing up for businesses & saying bollocks to #Brexit! @RT_com 
One month after the EU referendum, I attended a @BBCNewsnight Brexit Special. All questions were allowed except mine. I began 'The referendum was advisory . .' & was stopped mid-sentence by @EvanHD. I was shocked. The truth was silenced. Brexit was a dogma; democracy on its knees 
another u turn - Theresa May announces she will adopt Labour’s Brexit policy of being in a CU with EU as a backstop in event a no deal is reached on Irish Border. A CU would guarantee tariff-free trade between EU & UK - but FoM would stop - sorry not what I voted for 
And don't forget that they've been doing this hand-in-hand with the Disaster Capitalist hedge funds that are making obscene amounts of money from this.Same people that are funding Farage, Rees-Mogg, and #Brexit. 
Excellent piece here by @yanisvaroufakis on the difficulties likely facing the PM. Sequencing and time are against May. Opt for Norway and take back control of the negotiations.The six Brexit traps that will defeat Theresa May | Yanis Varoufakis  
Ruth Davidson passionately campaigned for Remain in 2016, but she knows that a second referendum wouldn't just be bad for democracy - it would endanger the Union as well.  
Democrats be warned! There may be no blue wave unless you fight, vote, donate, work! The midterms are now a referendum on patriarchy. Trump's awakened Republican's darkest energy. Trump has a profound connection to his base’s misogyny. He knew what he was doing mocking Dr. Ford. 
Remember the Remoaners making a big fuss about Unilever moving their HQ out of London? Turns out it's not happening... The all-important shareholders back Brexit Britain, and rebuffed the Remoaner CEO! Support us at  
Does the referendum being unstoppable mean that it doesn't matter what we citizens think? So how is that democratic?  via @TheStarKenya 
Mainstream media: 'The people will never vote for Brexit'Mainstream media: 'The people will never vote for Trump'Mainstream media: 'The people will never vote for Orban, Salvini or Kurz'Mainstream media = corrupt, biased and a propaganda channel of the globalist establishment  
A healthy self-respecting democracy would cancel or put #Brexit on hold until Russian interference and electoral malpractice in the referendum had been fully investigated. Sadly the UK is very far from being a healthy democracy.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
It amazes, no angers me, that 2 referendum results ( 1975 EU Referendum & GFA ) with mega majorities have to be ignored but a narrow result achieved by lying, breaking the law and foreign interference is the will of the people!#StopBrexit 
We’re told by the gov that a ‘no deal’ Brexit will be fine, but our NHS is at risk and the public need to know the consequences says @OwenJones84 #NHSQT 
TORIES: Judge us by our record, by our actions.PEOPLE: We ARE judging you by your record & actions. You're lying to us saying an economically damaging #Brexit causing job losses, food + medicine shortages & energy outages is in the national interest.TORIES: Not those actions. 
- May reports end of austerity- Govt increase spending- Brexit proclaimed a success- Brexit crashes the economy- Austerity resumes- Media blame the EU- Brexiters kick off- The poor get poorer- Same old, same oldFor a different future #PeoplesVote 
#Brexit deals another body blow to the Union. Even Wales is contemplating the nee to "take back control" from England. Time to unify the country with a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
“Brexit isn’t a storm politicians have to get through and all will be fine afterwards. Brexit is a permanent change and we all need to plan and prepare for it and any damage it may cause” - ⁦@simoncoveney⁩ ⁦@PaircUiCha0imh⁩ in Cork this morning #brexitready 
“Do you know how much weird stuff has happened because of your little experiment? The uk left Europe. That Hugh Jackman musical about P.T. Barnum? It made, like, $400 million.”Can you believe The Good Place just took down brexit and The Greatest Showman? I love this show  
#Brexit James O’ Brien 5th day in a row Brexit bashing on LBC. The worst radio presenter on anywhere by a mile. He must talk to himself in the middle of the night. I hate Brexit talking to himself. Change the record you bore. Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn, Yawn.   
BREXIT: Brexit means Welsh independence 'must be on table', says new Plaid Cymru leader /#Wales #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Steven Agnew is in Brussels this morning to meet Michel Barnier. Our message is that the UK must stay in a customs union & single market.Steven will also tell the delegatIon of EU negotiators that the DUP doesn't speak for the people of NI on #Brexit 
Tánaiste @simoncoveney urges “any business that has a relationship with Britain to now really think about Brexit” and engage with state agencies to find out about the supports and information available #BrexitReady 
Please to announce that we have @Andrew_Adonis coming to speak at the Soutar Theatre, AK Bell Library, #Perth 27 October 3pm on "#Brexit - Why and How it must be stopped". Talk followed by Q&A. Come and Listen  
15 days until the #PeoplesVote March."Coming from Northern Ireland, Brexit threatens to undermine the Good Friday Agreement and drag young people backwards towards a dangerous past we've never had to live through."- Doire, NewryMarch with us:  
The president of the European council, Donald Tusk, condemned Jeremy Hunt’s “unwise and insulting”  The EU are clearly unimpressed with how the UK government are dealing with Brexit. If you are too then March with us on October 20th:  
Former Spanish minister Méndez de Vigo reportedly said, this morning: "The Scottish referendum has a lot to answer for regarding what is happening in Catalonia. Without that referendum, the nationalists wouldn't haven't become separatists..."  
Unilever (one of the largest corporations in the world) has now abandoned its plan to move its HQ from London to Rotterdam. It will #Remain in #London after #Brexit along with the banks and other major companies. 
Can only wonder what difference it would make to UK Brexit debate if Stormont was sitting - a majority of assembly members are pro-remain. Instead all attention is on the DUP. 
Dear Everyone I apologise for all the Anti Brexit stuff on my timeline.You may be bored of it, but I am trying to save the country.Don't blame  me I voted Remain.If we had won the referendum we would all of us be quietly getting on with our lives!#PeoplesVote 
'There is now an industrial-scale spin operation in effect to try to persuade people that Brexit is somehow inevitable, even that it has already happened.'Well, it isn’t, and it hasn’t, says @AlynSmith.via @ScotNational 
Putin and Russia attacking the UK, what about Brexit? What about Russia behind Vote Leave, involved with Cambridge Analytica and the Tories? Right Wing Media silent on Russia Putin Brexit meddling!?!?  
Dramatic turnaround from Unilever following shareholder backlash to their proposed plans to leave Britain and FTSE100 and move to the Netherlands.Despite all the fear mongering, Britain continues to look stronger and stronger in a world after Brexit. 
Muthama, "I will only support the referendum if two things are considered, corrupt leaders and defilers are hanged after having their manhood chopped off," 
You want pro-#Brexit facts?  We got thousands of 'em!  Read about the new 'Brexit Index' here :   Put your fingers on the fact you're looking for! 
Report finds manual workers most at risk from #Brexit. This wasn't the #Brexit anyone voted for. Clear we need a #PeoplesVote to give the public control of #Brexit:  
There's been cries of betrayal and backlash if Brexit doesn't go ahead.Imagine how factory workers are going to feel when their vote for Brexit was a vote for unemployment and poverty.Let the people decide when the deal is known #PeoplesVote 
Very clear now that Canada +++has been on the table all along & provides for the NI border that  the civil service manarins have actively blocked Brexit progression. Is there no investigative joiurnalist left in the UK or have they all gone native ? @skynews @BBCNews 
The American Insurance Association has announced a coalition between the US and UK industries. The aim is greater collaboration post Brexit. This is the first of many proposed industry initiatives to "engage with both of our governments on bilateral trade and regulatory issues”. 
Unilever is a prime eg of the craziness of the Referendum war that still rages. This time Remain has been caught out - and some. The Dutch move was only ever about tax breaks but Remain jumped all over the story for the cause. Now they have to spend a day eating humble pie 
Another desperate attempt by Thomas the wank engine @tom_watson trying to undermine the referendum result by insisting @Arron_banks money is somehow linked with Russia - complete nonsense. 
"Turkey considering #EU membership referendum."We're leaving just in timeTurkey has a population of 80 million.97% muslimTurkey would have 2nd biggest population in the 28 state EUOnce a member of the EU all Turks would have right of access to UK,if we have not left by then  
Summary:1. Will Our House Prices crash after Brexit?  2. In a poll of Our Climate Scientists, 97% voted Yes.3. The other 3% - who said "We don't know, but maybe cheaper houses wouldn't be such a bad thing?" - have been sent off to Our Re-Education Camps.4. That's all, folks!  
Denialist Quitters touting Unilever’s relocation u-turn in face of shareholder pressure: one swallow does not make a summer, but the entire car industry does make a Brexit winter.  
THE UK’s #Brexit divorce bill from the EU could surge in the coming months due to the bloc’s soaring costs, according to a shock reportSo while millions of Brits have had to tighten their belts in recent years, the EU continues spending with abandon 
Brexit analysis from across the water..   
Things that are streaming from today:- Elite (new series, like gossip girl/the OC but a bit more murder-y)- Big Mouth S2 (penis jokes)- Malevolent (creepy af horror film based in Scotland that TAKES A TURN)- The Good Place S3 ep2 (inc. a v strong brexit joke) 
Fox: "Not to deliver Brexit is the greatest political risk we could run....we can live with a Brexit agreement that is left than perfect as it can be rivised after the UK has left" Translation - Just get out quick before they find out what we've done. 
Daily Briefing:- Britain, EU closer to #Brexit endgame- German industrial orders rebound in August- Romania referendum aimed at ruling out same-sex marriageCatch up on the latest headlines:  
Thread about how Electoral Commission turned a blind eye to the DUP’s shady Brexit cash. Here’s the full @openDemocracy story  
"Mercedes-Benz had been considering moving production to the UK ahead of the EU referendum in 2016, but decided against the move after the vote for Brexit, the carmaker’s chief executive has revealed."  
Then why did she support joining in 1972, campaign to remain in the 1975 Referendum, and bulldoze the Single European Act through Parliament in 1986? We are where are now because of her and the Tories. 
And we still don't know where the DUP's £435k Brexit donation came from. Donor secrecy has finally ended in N Ireland but HMG, which relies on DUP votes, decided not to backdate to before Brexit, even though NI Elec Comm specifically asked them to.... 
On June 26, BBC Spotlight broadcast a film that raised serious questions about both the source of the DUP's Brexit cash and how the money was spent. Next morning senior Electoral Commission staff talked internally of 'concerns' about 'new evidence' of potential breaches of law 
French President Macron believes Brexit can be reversed  
Cross-party delegation will meet Michel Barnier today. Opposition to Brexit is cross-community. Let us be mindful of history.50 years ago, men & women of all views walked together for something they believed in.People of NI are united once again in wanting to remain in the EU 
"I believe that if the one million Brits who live abroad would have been allowed to participate in the referendum, #Brexit would not have taken place", says @CeciliaWikstrom on the disenfranchisement of voting rights in the EU. 
When are we going to see Dalot at right-back? Valencia is finished, he hasn’t been able to cross a ball since before Brexit was just a dream. Mourinho could make small changes that have big impacts & change the mood of fans. Play Dalot from now til Xmas. Give him max. games #MUFC 
This is DISASTROUS for the Tories.Essentially, a large proportion of people who currently support them are ONLY doing so to ensure Brexit goes through.As Evolve has consistently predicted, after we leave the EU, the Tories' poll numbers will plummet. 
Remind us who actually stands to benefit from Brexit again? 
Boris Johnson welcomes Donald Tusk 'Canada +++' Brexit trade deal offer as 'superb way forward' 
Conference without Brexit. Brexit dominated the Tory Conference and yet  nothing of substance was said about what it means for Britain's future.  My latest Brexit Blog post:  
How the Electoral Commission turned blind eye to DUP's shady Brexit cash - our latest #darkmoney exclusive 
Brexit is a wilted flower  
Macron is a pampered pygmy.  His pathetic comments about Brexit should be ignored. He’s just keeping the Elysée Palace warm for the next guy.    
Rees-Mogg calls for post-Brexit crackdown on urchins, ne’er’do-wells and strumpets  
Vote Leave cheated. Leave .EU cheated. BeLeave cheated. Brexit is a sham and needs to be stopped!! #r4today 
It was a great pleasure to meet Vice Minister Lee in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and especially to be the first foreign Minister he has received since his appointment. We both agreed that trade continuity between - is our first priority post #Brexit  
Men with few qualifications 'most exposed to Brexit' If they're short of cash, perhaps they can pick some fruit in their spare time. 
Delighted that our explanation for Brexit has been published in European Union Politics! ‘European but not European Enough: An Explanation for Brexit’  
With the true cost of Brexit now £500 million a week and rising, it is time to put an end to this national tragedy. #ExitFromBrexit#PeoplesVote 
A lot of London City folks are more anxious about Corbyn than Brexit Agree - this comes up regularly during my talks on key trendsSome v anxious about the impact of a "two punch combo" -- disorderly Brexit followed by Corbynht @Jack_Blanchard_ briefing 
Do you know what I am tired of? People like you telling me I am tired of Scottish Indy.  Let this sink in. Independence is NOT about SNP, NS or AS. It is about Scottish people having a choice to run their own affairs. The PEOPLE of Scotland are demanding a referendum.   1.  
Their end means boarded up shops on the high street, and people who’ve worked to build something locally out of work. Not Brexit’s most pressing problem perhaps, but awful for them, bad for local economies, and another nail in the coffin of the sunlit uplands promised. 5/5 
Donald Tusk says Canada+++ Brexit trade deal is still on the table for the UK: Brexit News for Friday 5th October  
Austerity has never worked. It just pushes the working man harder, creates a back log of debt and makes life miserable. Brexit is a symptom of this imperialist, stubborn British thinking that is nothing more than a forced hangover of the aristocracy. Enough is enough. 
James O'Brien finds the perfect sentence to sum up post-Brexit Britain.  
It’s great news that @Unilever has chosen to keep its HQ in London & abandoned plans to move it to Rotterdam. Despite the Govt's appalling mishandling of the Brexit negotiations, the capital will always be one of the best cities in the world in which to do business #LondonIsOpen 
Nigel Farage 2016: This referendum is the people versus the Establishment.2018:  
Thank you for an excellent turnout - it was a great event.  A strong manufacturing sector provides well paid, skilled jobs for ppl in Coventry especially those at @Jaguar #JaguarLandRover #Brexit puts them at risk. That’s why we need a @peoplesvote_uk deal or no deal + #Remain 
I am trying hard to remain in France to where we retired.  Trust me it's not two forms to fill in and after BREXIT there is no certainty whatsoever that we will be able to stay here.  Your tweet is naive and uninformed. 
So as it always would. Brexit came down to just one decision.Brexiters do you want a customs border.1. In Northern ireland2. Across the Irish sea3. Around the whole UK (UK stays in customs union).It's been 42 years. Don't you think you should have made your mind up? 
I am looking forward to today's @EveningStandard leader column by @George_Osborne on the Unilever decision to stick with the City and Brexit Britain. 
I'm already annoyed at the Unilever news being touted as the company backing Brexit Britain. It's far from that. It's the big investors protecting the FTSE 100. The board still wants out. 
Does anyone still doubt that the Russians whipped up support for Brexit?(Bots and farm-trolls need not reply.) 
Theresa May & her Remain colleagues in Cabinet have been silent on the subject of UK fishing waters. #Brexit  
An interesting question from @George_Osborne from March... “if Unilever had chosen Britain instead of Holland do you think it would have been saying Brexit had nothing to do with it?”  
I love Chris Morris but why is he called the BBC Reality Check reporter? I thought checking reality was what all reporters were meant to do. What the hell are the other journalists doing? Reporting made up crap? #r4today #Brexit #NorthernIrelandBorder 
John Humphreys on #r4today just said 'some people say the Irish border is the biggest stumbling block to a Brexit deal, others that's an invented problem to keep us in the EU'. Is this balance? Setting up on a nonsense position to 'balance' reality? FFS 
Turkey considering #EU membership referendum  
Theresa May ever more clearly a transitional leader - but to what?If Brexit happens, to Farage via Boris? If not, to whoever is the Tory star of the people’s vote campaign to stop Brexit? Of course, if Churchill were here, he would have done it 
Unilever scrap plans to relocate to Holland & will stay in Brexit Britain because investors want to stay in London. More proof the UK is still top for business & will be after Brexit. Project fear is dead..  
How Electoral Commission turned blind eye to DUP's shady Brexit cash - emails show watchdog ‘concerned’ by 'new information; about DUP's mysterious £435,000 Brexit donation – but closed case quickly without investigation. Latest @openDemocracy exclusive 
St Jeremy of Islington will raise His palm aloft and Lo a shaft of pure light will fall upon The Manufacturers and unto Them prosperity will descend.Labour's Brexit Policy in full.  
This is hard for some to believeBut this is what has happenedPM is keeping us IN the EU whilst telling the 17.4m she is delivering #Brexit.If the PM thinks she can get away with that ginormous CON trick,she has got another think coming.The 17.4m will get what they voted for. 
Watchdog criticises HMRC delay in advising small firms on Brexit  It's clear that the government is completely unprepared for Brexit. If you agree, please RT! 
If they knew what they were voting for why does nobody know what Brexit actually means - even now? The referendum was a Rorschach test. Brexit means something different to everybody. 
Brexit in its turmoil is creating a very simple division line in our nations politics - Wales (@Plaid_Cymru) v Westminster (Lab, Tories and UKIP).I know what side I’m on.    
Unilever HQ leaving Britain never about Brexit and nor is staying. Anglo-Dutch company worried about lack of protection from financial raiders. Shareholders want it to stay...to cash in from raids 
Brexit will make every problem it claims to solve worse. 
Seems fitting for Brexit voters...  
#Humphrys aghast and disbelieving on @BBCr4today hearing that flights may be grounded on a No Deal Brexit. Yes John, it is quite possible that that would be one of the consequences. Wake up. 
How Reporting Scotland played down, then dropped, a major Brexit story  
Both Brexit and Trump demonstrate a fascinating phenomenon.If you're crap enough, corrupt enough and commit enough outrages, you go off the scale and people just accept it. Whereas an otherwise good leader or policy might be thrown out for a single flaw. 
The new leader of @Plaid_Cymru, @Adamprice, says he wants the option of Welsh independence on the table because Brexit means "we are living in the dying days of the British state" #HeartNews 
Given as the article suggests Ireland leaving the EU to solve the problem of the Irish border and Brexit I'm surprised the author didn't go even further into the realms of the ridiculous and suggest the reversal of Irish independence.  
Exclusive interview: .@thomasbrake reveals Brexit’s likely damage to UK tech, creative and marketing sectorsWhy #BrexitShambles is now “a material threat to London’s role as digital creative hub of EU... expect fast talent drain to Berlin, Paris, Milan” 
A big #Brexit rally will be held on College Green, Bristol, this Saturday At @TheGreenParty conference we’ll be demanding a #PeoplesVoteFinal say with an option to stayIt’s not exclusive! You’re welcome to join us!12.40 - Saturday 
Anyone who believes that Tory Gov will reduce immigration after #Brexit is living in cloud cuckoo landFor EIGHT YEARS the Tories have promised to cut immigration & it has kept going up@ForBritainParty will stop ALL immigrationNo other party will do that 
“Hey Siri. Show me an example of the saying ‘Turkeys voting for Christmas’”Here’s what I found on the web:Manual workers 'at greatest risk' from Brexit, report finds. 
With #Brexit we'll get our idependence back & our economy will boom. Trouble with the #REMOANERS is that they only like democracy when the vote goes their way.There won't be 2nd #EURefbut if there was the #LEAVE majority would be huge.Us Brits don't like being told what to do 
Thank you for sharing a former Itish Ambassador’s suggestion the #Ireland should leave the #EU & opt for Norway style arrangement . Over 90% of population would not agree. There is a lot of delusion around Brexit but this is the most delusional of all.  
I would support the referendum if one of the conditions is that if you have ever been President, Vice-President, Deputy-President, Prime Minister, Deputy PM, Speaker, Cabinet Secretary/Minister etc you are not eligible for elective or appointed position in 2022 
This completely misses the point: uncontrolled immigration hit male manual workers in UK hardest. Unskilled, cheaper foreign workers took their jobs. Brexit was the kickback   
Manual workers could be among hardest hit by Brexit, warns IFSWorking people persuaded to vote against their own interest by self-serving Brexit charlatans and campaign of deception and manipulation funded by wealthy to serve only themselves#PeoplesVote 
Dogs against Brexit: final proof Remoaners are barking mad about losing?   
One of the difficulties of Brexit (and probably the most under-appreciated risk to the EU in the future) - the loss of the UK's voice for pragmatic and moderate solutions. This could take quite some adjustment for Brussels.  
Independence on the table after Brexit. Only by taking our future into our own hands can we ensure that our country isn't swallowed into an 'England and Wales' entity where we are at the mercy of Westminster.  
Great news! It was always a nonsense to move from London to HollandCommonsense has prevailedYou are going to see a lot of that in Brexit Britain  
Irish Europe Minister @HMcEntee on @BBCr4today - HMG has not yet tabled an alternative formal proposal on the backstop, happy to work with ideas if they are legally operable, and nobody wants a no deal Brexit. But only 10 days to go so it would be helpful if HMG tabled its ideas. 
Working class British men that voted overwhelmingly for Leave will be hit hardest by Brexit 
Read my paper on why Chequers fails to deliver on the referendum vote  
Do you realise we could find out next month what Brexit actually means? Whenever I speak to non-journo friends they basically ask for more pieces like this, that don’t assume tonnes of knowledge of what the hell is going on, because people’s lives are busy  
I reiterate: he needs the whip withdrawn. Not only because he continues, publicly, to denigrate the Party (see likening us to UKIP re Brexit, going on LBC the night before the Locals and spouting about the "Cult of Corbyn") but it would sharpen the senses of certain other MPs too 
Yes, Ben Sasse, Kavanaugh Vote IS A Referendum On What You Think About Women.    via @RobynElyse 
Sadly mine aren’t.  I want the opportunity for my children to work and love and live across 27 countries.  That’s 2 bright teenagers who are too young to vote who have had their opportunities reduced by a Brexit they had no say in. I’m furious. 
'Welsh independence must be "on the table" after Brexit' - BBC Breakfast bulletin of @Adamprice ahead of day one of @Plaid_cymru conference.  #CymruNewydd #NewWales 
Manual workers 'at greatest risk' from Brexit  
Finally we have found The One who can lead us through Brexit  
Opening line on #TheApprentice2018 this week: "In a time of economic uncertainty, bold players can win big".Here's Brexit summed up for us. It won't benefit any of us, ordinary people. It is all about making the rich richer. Disaster capitalism in action. 
Just listening to #BBCQT yesterday. I cant believe what I heard from one of the panelists " We only want the right kind of migrant in this country". I have never heard anything so racist.... Isobel Oakeshott, why do these people get airtime? #Brexit 
Wales would be 'swallowed' into England following a hard Brexit, warns @Adamprice 
She misled the Cabinet. Clearly it’s either Canada++++ or WTO. @Nigel_Farage @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson and many other politicians must pressure @theresa_may to accept Canada+++, sort out NI border and unite UK 
En route to Cork to interview Irish Deputy PM @simoncoveney and find out what Ireland thinks a Brexit deal looks like. Never has a backstop been so at the forefront. #C4News 
TREXIT? President Erdogan signals a possible referendum on EU membership in Turkey. In case of a “No” vote; Turkey would be the first country to leave the EU without entering. A truly preventive strike.  
Romanians to vote in referendum LGBT groups say is fuelling hate  
New car sales suffer biggest slump since financial crisisNothing to do with Brexit, it’s confusion over Diesel, Petrol,Hybrid or Electician Choices! 
#Leavers,  you voted to enable this crap to be fed to your kids post #Brexit. Hope you're pleased with yourselves.  
Tax geeks: Laffer existsFBPEs: It's the poor Brexit hurtsLeavers: There's worse than BrexitRich: Must. Protect. WealthCorbynistas: Good riddanceTories: Vote ToryLabour: Why does no one believe usCentrists: FGS, make better policy!  
If there was no demand for a referendum why did Scotland vote for a party that offers one? - these people seem deranged 
Brexit set to hit poorly educated men most, says IFS | Financial Times: Survey finds costs of leaving EU will weigh heavily against those least able to cope.  
Mercedes-Benz abandoned plans to move production to UK plant after #Brexit vote in 2016I suppose the #Kippers and #Leavers out there will call this more fake news.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Hard Brexit will have 'serious implications' for UK car factory, Nissan warns  
Indigenous peoples have a @UNHumanRights to freedom! #unitybyforceisSlavery #FreeBiafra #FreeAmbazonia A call 4 referendum is not a call 4 war! #StopBiafraKillings #StopAmbazoniaKillings #Standup4HumanRights #SayNoToWar #Savesouls Let's find peace in #Freedom. Don't keep silent. 
And immigration from outside the EU has shot up since the #Brexit Ref  
ERDOGAN: TURKEY MAY HOLD REFERENDUM ON EU MEMBERSHIP BID: AA 
Call me an “Old Cynic” but do think that the May Govt are going over the top against Russia to distract us from their Home/Border/Security weaknesses and their total Brexit failure?Threats and name calling to cover their own faults!Don’t blame us!!!! 
14. If I were May I would sign up to it, get the Withdrawal agreement in the bag and then resign immediately after Brexit and that way it's up to the Brexiters to find a way around backstop activation. It boxes them into the EEA and she won't even have to make the decision. 
5. So really it;s another day where there is plenty of Brexit noise but no progression in terms of understanding and we are still waiting on Mrs May to bite the bullet and face the reality that she has to choose one of the options defined by the EU. 
Alleged sexual harasser Salmond uses Russian funded TV and dim SNP politicians to pump up the volume for a fresh independence referendum. @2351onthelist @cultfree54 @AgentP22 @athomsonkinross @JohnLeoNo1087 @ukunionvoice @Ian_Burnett_ @edglasgow59 @Del_ivered @mik61scot @BRRSC 
Martin Wolf: Attention Brexit supporters, it's illegitimate for a sane person to despise the EU’s goals or hope that it will collapse into chaos.  
Aviation regulator 'rebuffed' over no-deal Brexit plan  
ODM leader Raila Odinga wades into the referendum debate saying the drive to change the constitution is inevitable. #AMLiveNTV @debarlinea 
This continues to be a flawed referendum process with a lack of fairness, a lack of clarity and a lack of information. Don’t take this leap of faith!  
Wow!!!  So let people break or distort the rules but deal with it after the results are known.  Sounds like the same way the @bcndp are handling the PR referendum. #bcpoli 
How many Australians R aware that in 1988 we had a referendum 2 make all LOCAL COUNCILS the third tier of government? It failed Undeterred Hawke put all LC under the Corporations Act calling them L/Gov. Illegal All operate under an ABN=company How can Company tax & fine? 
Justice McCallum says *YES* to a referendum for a First Nations Voice to Parliament. Thank you Tomrade for our @nt_branch_mua t-shirts. #ICLC18 #Tomrade  
"A yes vote on Kavanaugh is not a referendum on whether you believe him or her." False. A vote for Kavanaugh is to ignore or disbelieve her story. You cannot believe her story and think he's fit for that lifetime seat. 
Brilliant another day when the moan of a referendum on Independence ... Must be getting closer and their panic tells us it will be won this time ... But funny to waste money advertising in papers that daily does the work for free   
My sense is the Nov budget will be full of promises of jam today to sweeten the #BrexitShambles...but inevitable home auctions tomorrow.Do not believe a word these Tory #Brexit BS*itters utter..The clue is in the name.CONservative.#PeoplesVote #Remain 
The first step is the removal of Theresa May, & you're cutting it fine. You might think you can hang Brexit betrayal on her, but the country will hang it on your party & hold you collectively responsible at the ballot box.  
There is a digital arms race of political manipulation of data.Canadian operators have been deeply involved in electoral shenanigans in the US, #brexit, Trinidad and Nigeria.Please listen to my interview on @TheCurrentCBC#BrexitShambles 
Narrator: it was, in fact, a referendum on caring about women.  
The trouble is Anna you have never reached out to the 52% who actually won the Referendum, hence why you are held in such contempt within our party..  
Brexit: breaking the system - both legacy media and politicians are largely silent on VAT. Yet, whatever transpires, post-Brexit, arrangements will undoubtedly add friction to cross-border trade, possibly breaking the system...  #Brexinfo. 
Have you seen the UKs immigration policy it's tougher than Australias (minus age) and yet 220k non EU come to the UK yearly. Brexit didn't slow immigration all it did was change where it was from 
Things that are Michael's fault: #Brexit, The #GreatestShowman, and the @jaguars success  #TheGoodPlace @mayarudolph @teddanson 
#FreeNazanin@Jeremy_Hunt So many people around the world are shocked the British government hasn't done more for Nazanin. Brexit has been priority. Her life matters @theresa_may @AlistairBurtUK Don't let another Christmas pass with dear Naz in a cell. It will be the 3rd 
Fact. @WWEUK hates Europeans. #Brexit. #YouWillNeverBeatTheIrish 
Japan Waves Goodbye to U.K. as ‘Gateway to Europe’ Post-Brexit  
Tory MPs claimed £315,000 of taxpayer’s money to fund secretive hard-Brexit pressure group  via @EvolvePolitics@Hepworthclare 
Crucial law case..perhaps the most important...Unilateral Revocation of A50 keeping our current deal is the key to stopping #Brexit + #Remain 
A referendum is happening on what kind of society we want to be for women.As a Senator, @lisamurkowski, you have a unique place not only as a decision-maker for our country but also a role model for a generation of American women.What role will you model for them? pic.twitter.com/MAA2OoO9tu 
An interesting contradiction, in our political framework, is the House of Lords Select Committee on 'the Constitution' was clear in 2011, as was the government, on the place and status of any referendum in the UK. Comfortably hidden, easily forgotten, so here's a reminder   
Be interesting to hear the Labour leader's explanation on why the voters expressed a clear preference for the openly anti-Brexit LibDem party over the Labour, 'we must respect the referendum' approach. 
So what if a referendum fails. But what if it succeeds? What if pollies are wrong! What if Congress is wrong? What if Frank Brennan is wrong? There's every chance the Australian public may just get this right, just like marriage equality. It's time to put it to the people. 
The people have spoken - do not try and burry this with fake ‘Russian’ interference news. We are, have been & always will be Macedonia. What’s come out of this referendum is that the Macedonian people are proud of their heritage & NOTHING will ever take that away #WeAreMacedonia 
Well, it IS a "load of nonsense" if we carry on with Brexit, because Brexit means austerity squared. 
When it comes to global trade, Brexit and Trump's trade war are not the big story  via @bopinion 
The low skilled and particularly men are most at risk from #BrexitWhich, if I am not mistaken, was a core vote for Brexit.Oh well.This could create a lot of angry people who will feel cheated, but years later.#PeoplesVote 
+12.5% for the Lib dems! In a staunch Tory area. These are rises never seen in normal politics. Brexit politics .... different.  
3/ Had to post this clip. I've never known @IanDunt be so quiet when talking Brexit:) The whole clip is v funny. (slightly edited). @IanDunt @Fox_Claire #skypapers 
A few friends of mine from down south voted #brexit due to all the Indians and Pakistanis coming to Birmingham. They were so confused when I told them that India and Pakistan were not in the EU. Political awareness isn't taught to the public. 
BREXIT: Brexit Set To Hit Poorly Educated Men Most, Says IFS /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Whilst 180k to 140k in #Cornwall voted for Brexit, @mollymep says more people here have changed their minds than anywhere else in the country and that a majority now believe Britain will be better off economically inside Europe.#peoplesvote 
Handy that Raab thought that they should wait for “at least 2 years” before going for another referendum if they lost.Well.  It’s now more than 2yrs since the June 2016 Ref...  
We're running a #Brexitometer in St Austell tomorrow (Friday) near Boots in Fore Street from about 10.30.Come and say hello if you're in town!(Sadly, @stevedouble MP hasn't taken up our invitation for him to join us & find out what his constituents really think about #Brexit) 
How a Journalist Kept Russia’s Secret Links to Brexit Under Wraps: “With an Electoral Commission investigation into Banks’ financing...  you would have thought that the public interest of this story was more important than keeping the scoop for a book.”  
“Brexit takes away my right to work in the EU!!”~ people who’ve never worked in the EU and don’t seem to be in any rush to do so while they still can 
Yes, Ben Sasse, Kavanaugh Vote IS A Referendum On What You Think About Women.   via @RobynElyse 
I gotta admit part of me WANTS brexiteers to get the trainwreck they voted for.The bus is careering off the cliff, and all they bleat is 'if you hadnt warned us about the cliff, brexit would be a great success!'All I can say is the popcorn tastes better with your salt! 
Salary isn't an indicator of your productivity.It's too easy to group jobs into neat groups like low skilled and skilled.A carer is equally as important as a nurse.Yet our immigration system a d the Tories Brexit strategy seems to disagree.#bbcqt 
Seriously, guys and gals, there are tons of votes to be had these days in opposing Brexit  
Brexit MIRACLE: Farage, Rees-Mogg and Tusk JOIN SIDES - but will stubborn May play ball?  
WATCH | @IsabelOakeshott: "Failure to control immigration has been a disaster for this country. Remainer-types desperate to stop Brexit should look to themselves for their deplorable record on immigration as one of the key drivers for people voting to get out of the EU." #BBCQT 
If there is no demand for a second referendum, and there is no support for independence, why not have a referendum and kill this off for a generation? Unless you’re lying of course. Unless you’re terrified of letting people have a say. #DissolveTheUnion 
Fintan O’Toole says Theresa May’s Festival is GB & NI “a panicked reaction to the ultimate realisation of what #brexit has done. It has expressed and made considerably worse the deep deep fracture within the Union itself.  There’s something kind of pathetic about it.”  
The sight of the odious Isabel Oakeshott getting applauded like her pal Jacob Rees-Mogg last week tells me we really are going to hell in a handcart, these people won't suffer the impact of #Brexit yet they get lauded like fucking royalty, god help us #bbcqt 
The funny bit of this clip is "Canada + + + - whatever ( *" and the serious bit is @campaignforleo saying the #Brexit transition/implementation period might be too short to finalise the UK/EU future relationship. (Thanks to Darran for the clip.)  
Do you want to choose your own MLAs or do you want political parties to choose for you? This is the referendum question. VIDEO:  
The Isobel Oakeshit smearing bingo has started:Labour cause the global crashNext: Corbyn is Nazi, Brexit will be lovely, Boris is a delight, the Daily Mail is a quality paper and her hair is naturally blonde  
Bollocks: The end to austerity is no way in sight, it's coming big time, we got an NHS increase half the average of its entire 70 year history, being paid for by tax increases & extra borrowing rather than by economic growth bc the Brexit vote has tanked the UK economy. #BBCQT 
"Stop making jokes about mental health."@UKLabour leader @jeremycorbyn sits down with LSTV, @ThisIsLSR & @TheGryphonLeeds. Issues covered include loans, antisemitism, brexit and much more. Out on Monday.Stay tuned.  
Don’t believe the government when they say that austerity has ended.1. Local authorities are facing a £1.3billion cut to vital council services.2. We’ve still got to pay for Brexit.3. They said that austerity was ending back in 2015, but it didn’t.#bbcqt 
The government may not be breaking constitutional laws, but in its treatment of #Brexit it has been violating some of key political norms which underpin our democracy. An article on how the violation of such norms can kill democracy: 
One thing that TM said that no-one would disagree with, is that fast cancer diagnosis is critical. Yet all institutions that work towards this say that Brexit is terrible. So, someone is wrong. 
Theresa May says the end to austerity is near...Well, all of the government's impact assessments say that Brexit will significantly harm the UK economy. Austerity isn't going anywhere if Brexit happens.#BBCqt 
Canada+++:+ turning Kent into a car park+ jobs lost and industries disrupted+ £48bn a year cost to the economy we could be spending on the NHSIt’s an all pay, no say Brexit. #StopBrexit. #Remain. 
Oakeshott ghost wrote the Bad Boys of Brexit by the way. So I'm not watching this bullshit. It's a charade and I'm sick of it all. #bbcqt 
For two years Isabel Oakeshott sat on a cache of extraordinary emails that detailed Russia’s cultivation and handling of Brexit’s biggest bankroller Arron Banks. Wonder why. #bbcqt 
#BBCqt   The Dancing Queen is preparing to dance on the grave of British Manufacturing Car Makers and Airbus just two.Is #Brexit worth it?  
If Brexit is not as advertised, we are within our rights to take it back to the shop. Come with us on October 20th and demand a #PeoplesVote for all our futures. #BBCQT 
May has apparently told her cabinet that Macron expects to reverse Brexit through a second referendum. I expect Hammond and half the cabinet telephoned him to offer their support. 
Another reason for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal - 2016 offer was unclear and result illegitimate  
Newspaper review coming up on Sky - Putin, Brexit and stockpiled body parts 
How Reporting Scotland played down, then dropped, a major Brexit story 
The key message is brexit will not improve the lives of those who voted for it, and they're going to get very angry. 
Nissan warned today about the threat of Brexit to their huge European operation based in Sunderland, which supports 40,000 UK jobs. Long Read here explains the crisis we have got ourselves in....  
Mercedes-Benz abandoned plans to move production to UK plant after Brexit vote  
Tom Watson, who wants the UK to have a US ´Mueller-style’ inquiry into the EU referendum says in his letter @RT_com & @SputnikInt ‘s coverage of the Brexit referendum was ´one-sided’. Not true. They ran articles for & against and featured guests from both sides of the debate.  
The UK has no formal Constitution to protect us from governments abusing their legislative powers. We depend on them either exercising self-restraint or being restrained by Parliament or fear of electoral defeat. In the case of #Brexit that arrangement has failed.#PeoplesVote 
Let’s see the @BBCNews get through a lead story about Russian interference in UK lives, economy and security without mentioning the B word .... what odds they mention Brexit? 
Nissan has spoken out about the risk of a no-deal Brexit - but the company’s boss fears their warning won’t be heard  
Ex-Daily Mail hack and Hard Brexit Leave .EU  campaigner Isabel Oakeshott plays only to the galleries of right wing zealots - frequently contradicting or shooting herself in the foot within almost the same breath... #bbcqt 
A massive majority of LGBTI people want a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal. 72% support, 28% oppose:   via @gaystarnews.    @PeoplesVoteUK @peoplesvote_hq 
Imagine the uproar if the rest of the eu had a referendum in 2015 and said the U.K. was being expelled, freedom of movement removed from its citizens, access to the single market withdrawn and customs checks introduced. Bet it would be the brexiteers being most outraged #brexit 
Do you want to know why Brexit Politicians are terrified of giving 16 and 17 year-olds the vote? #VotesAt16@Femi_Sorry 
The President Is a Crook Sisters and Brothers of #TheResistsnce this election is clearly a referendum on @realDonaldTrump. We have a choice between the bigotry, graft, misogyny, and hatred of Trump and his cronies or the rule of law and the Constitution 
Sevco have cuckolded Europe.  Send Gerrard over to do the Brexit negotiations and he’ll come back with full sovereignty over the decent parts of France. 
So after two years it's finally been revealed that the Tories #Brexit strategy is to insult the EU whenever possible in a bid to win the votes of the pond life who think Tommy "Yaxley-Lennon" Robinson is a political prisoner. What a time to be alive. 
It’s because admitting it affects the referendum endangers the direction of the government, going against their interests. It’s no surprise.  
So when will the British Government come clean about the extent of Kremlin meddling in our EU Referendum? #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote 
Our peace-loving President @KRLS #Puigdemont, chosen by Parliament in January 2016, hasn't been able to repeat these steps for 11 months, since being outlawed by #Spain for calling an independence referendum for #Catalonia. He's in exile in #Belgium and deserves a #NobelPrize2018 
#brexit means blaming everyone and anyone for anything and everything so long as it's not the people actually responsible 
 @RossThomson_MP posted a video saying there shouldn't be a second independence referendum & @VotersMinute asked me to respond. Here's my 60 seconds on why we need #indyref2 Please watch, share & respond with your own clip. 
Worth bearing in mind. May conceded for the first time that Brexit can be stopped. She said if Tories keep up their infighting that could be the result.So No Brexit it is then. 
I keep repeating: If Brexit stops. I'll be grateful to those who voted FOR BREXIT. It woke me up. I was part of the problem. (In my defence, my CV is built for foreign not domestic policy). I knew we had a geographically imbalanced country but I assumed others were addressing it. 
Nissan warning on Brexit should set alarm bells ringing, says Sunderland MP  
This from the US embassy in London - stark warning about Brexit h/t @JamesMelville 
Desperate stuff from ⁦@tom_watson⁩ - death rattles of a dying campaign ⁦@peoplesvote_hq⁩ trying to undermine the referendum result and convince us the Russians hypnotised 17.4 million voters what a   
